I think it's good idea to ban smoking from all restaurants.  First reason not all the people are so well – feel acceptable to be around people who is smoking and many people actually found it very annoying when other people smoke around them and that can be a damage to their health as well as their mood and restaurant is a place for people to eat and talk and have pleasure, so I think it's very important that they will not be annoyed bad smoke around them, so I think it's better ban them from restaurant.  And for the other reason, restaurant need to have a good environment to attract the people come to – come and eat.
I think smoking has to be banned at all kind of restaurant doesn't make any sense.  The reason one is people nowadays can find any proper place to smoke.  I – I work at a restaurant that is nonsmoking – for non-smoke – smoking areas and customers came in and they asked if they can smoke and we said, no, and they are angry or very disappointed.  I kind of feel bad about them so to provide some few places that allow them to smoke is very nice and you can't force them to quit smoking because it's their choice and reason two is for the point of restaurant to expand their customer, increase their...
Hello, I agree with this topic because smoke is harmful to our health and even we don't smoke, we can – we can have bad influence – smoke can have bad influence on us.  It is a very bad way, so we think it is better to inhibit this action [***] on around the country so – and from this rule, the smoker can also know that the government and other – other people around – around him is not encourage – encourage him to do to smoke and it is better to – to let him quit this action to quit this.
I strongly fully agree with that people – that smoking should be banned all over the country.  Actually it should be banned all over the world.  I can't see any meaning of smoking because many people smoke – many people smoke not because of the – they have to.  Actually most of the time, they just have nothing to do and so they just smoking to kill time.  And secondly, you smoke and you will do harm to people that never smoke.  So actually it's kind of crime and you hurt people by smoking.  So I think that smoking...
I think abandon smoking completely is quite unfair and I can – can't – cannot accept this kind of statement. So, many people have smoked for a lot of years. It is hard for them to abandon this habit. If they can smoke in at home or in other private place, they won't harm other's health. So, it is rather natural and it is quite impossible for the government to totally control this kind of personal behaviors. And if the governments can pay much more attention on the other things rather than this kind of things, people can live a better life rather than – um – uh – focus on...  
I agree that smoking should be completely banned in public place. So – uh – first – uh – it's bad for our health. It's bad not only for the people who smoke but also for people who are near and who are around. Second – uh – smoking will harm our environment – uh. Nowadays, our – uh – environment is becoming worse and worse and it's partly due to the poor air conditioning. If smoking is completely – completely banned, I think we can clearly show that it's much better.  
I think it is right to ban smoking totally in the public places. Smoking can be very obnoxious for some people. Also, smoking cannot only hurt yourself but also hurt other people who smell in, who take in the – the smoke that you make. So, in a public place where people are all together – uh – it's – um – it's just not right to hurt others, even though you don't mean it. So, banning – uh – smoking can protect others from harming or protect others from taking in your smoke that is good. Oh my God, I don't know what I am saying. Is that over? I think it is enormous, isn't it? Please tell me it is enormous. Aha.  
I partly agree with the statement. Smoking shouldn't be banned in all places, because – uh – cigarette is one of the important financial income of our country so – and – and also we can't make every people get off – get rid of smoking. So, we can set regulations on smoking, such as we can't smoke in public places so that it won't hurt other people's health. But in – uh – in some ways we can still use cigarette – selling cigarette as a kind of income – income source for the country, although smoking is not – is harmful to our health...  
I think smoking should be banned because, first, smoking is very harmful. It does harm to our health, but not only to smokers but also people around – people surrounded by smokers. Next, smoking is not a polite manner. It – it – it shows – it's very rude. Just think about when you go to a place and you just smoke there, how do you make – how – how – well, how will others think about you. They will think about you are not attentive, you are just thinking of your own things. So, smoking does not project...  
I agree with it because I think smoke in public is impolite. It is well-known to us smoking is a bad habit which can influence one's health and secondhand smoke will lead to similar symptoms which active smoking can bring us. And some people can feel uncomfortable when they breathe the – the smoke. As far as I am concerned, I think smoking should be completely banded at all the restaurants in the country. And I am the one don't like to smoke and I will feel uncomfortable.  
I think no smoking in restaurant is a good idea because not all the people find it very – find it acceptable for other to smoke around them and I think people will – people would be annoyed if there is some people smoking around them without their permission.  So for the restaurant to provide a good environment for – for this customers, it's better for them to have a no smoking policy and it's better for the customer's mood and for their – and for their health because we all know that smoking is – is damage to people's health and I think it's better for people to eat...
I don't agree with that point.  The reason one is people know they can find any place to smoke.  They can smoke in a restaurant.  They can smoke in a school.  They can smoke anywhere except some restaurant that provide smoking areas.  So since you can't force them to quit smoking and they are very need – they are very much in need for some areas to allow to smoke, some restaurant is very nice for them and the reason two is for the point of restaurant so if all the restaurant is banned for smoking, I think the owner is not happy about them because it means the decrease of customers and means the decrease of...
I agree with this topic because smoke is very harmful to our human beings and to us who don't smoke.  Even if we don't smoke, we can – we can gather influence from the smoke and it is – and it is harmful to our healthy.  It's not – it's [***] I think.  So I think this rule is very correct and secondly to a smoker from this rule, smoker can know the government and people around him don't let him to smoke, and it is better to let him to quit his bad habit, so the rule is – is better and is very helpful to his health.  I think it's...
I strongly agree with the point that smoking should be banned in the restaurants.  Actually I think that smoking should be banned all over the country, all over the world.  Smoking is a crime in my opinion.  Firstly many people smoke just because – just because they don't have anything to do.  They just smoke to kill time.  I can't see any meaning in smoking.  And secondly, smoke – smoking hurts people that don't smoke and it is a crime and the last, especially in the restaurants, if you smoke that actually disturb people that are eating.  Nobody wants to – nobody can eat happily when you're smoking.
Although smoking is truly harmful for human beings' – uh – health but actually it is really a way for them to get relaxed. Some stressed workers though cannot find a better way to re – get released. They smoke a lot. It is quite unfair and [***] to abandon this totally. So, I think this kind of statement is not acceptable. Though the – uh – people shouldn't smoke in the public places or smoke too much for it may cause them very severe health problems.  
I agree that smoking should be banned in the restaurants. First, smoking is bad for your health. It's not only bad for the health of the people – those people who smoke but also bad for people around them. Second – uh – smoking in the restaurant will – um – will make people can't enjoy their dinner. Third, it will make our environment worse. Nowadays, our world is getting worse and worse and – uh – partly due to the air pollution. If smoking is banned in the restaurant, I think the situation will be much better than...  
People should not smoke in the restaurants. So, smoking should be completely banned in public places. Smoking is a very obnoxious action. It can not only harm yourself but also harm other people. In public places, especially a restaurant where people are eating, if you are smoking, you – they can – it can really make and ruin their – their experience of having a good dinner or a lunch. It is not right to harm people even though you don't mean it. People have – uh – have the right to refuse – refusing others do something that may harm themselves. So, in this sense, smoking should be banned from – uh – smoking should be completely banned when it is – when it comes to a public place. Okay.  
There are a lot of smokers in our country. We can't make everyone to get rid of it. So we cut their smoking – uh – in – uh – we cut them smoking thoroughly. So, we only have to put some signs or put some ban and regulations on that – um – such as we cannot smoke in public places or we can't smoke – uh – beside – uh – in front of other people so that other people will not be harmed by the smoke. Although smoking is harmful for our health, it is – uh – an important source of financial income for our country. So, we can't ban it and we have to work out a solution for both sides – uh.  
Smoking does harm to those who smokes but as well as those who surrounds – who – who are surrounds those – who surrounds those smokers. Those smoker, they – they also observe this smoke that's from the smokers. They also get infected, they also get harmed from those smokes and they are likely to get a lung cancers. The next reason I think smoking is, should be banned is because that smoking is that, smoking always – uh – some people, they just smoke because they want to avoid some discourage problems. If they always smoke, they are not going to sit down and to think – uh – also...  
I agree with it. I think smoking should be banned in the public – uh – because it is well-known to us; smoking is a bad habit which can influence one's health. Um – some people can feel uncomfortable when they breathe with the smoke and the secondhand smoke will lead the similar symptoms which active smoking can bring us. As far as I am concerned, I think smoking should be completely banded at all the restaurants in the country. Um – smoking is a bad habit that – uh – we should help the smokers drop the bad habit – uh – they had. And...  
