I agree that statement.  We have – have many holidays which is longer than others – most of us will plan to find a part-time job in order to kill the boring time while we got the news, so it was the same with me.  Because lot of my friends have work experience and have more independent life, we are willing to hear their interesting work experience with me.  In the work life, they met many difficulties.  They would try to do the – do something on their own.  Different kinds of [***] go easy on everything afterwards.  I felt somehow ashamed...
I am – I agree with the point that college students should take a part-time job.  I think it's a great experience for the college students to take the part-time job before they go into the society.  Second, communicate more with the people in the society.  Second know much – much more...
I agree the point because now I am trying for a part-time job and my friends have held some part-time job and by working in a company, she learned many things that cannot be learned in our school or in our books.  She now have earned a lot of money and she also planned - plan to – plan to travel to [***] country using her money and I think – so I think part-time job is good.
These days some people say that it's important for college student to have a part-time – part-time job.  First, from the material point of view, at this year, the Ministry of Education has made further adjustment of college tuition.  Part-time jobs will undoubtedly ease economic burden for those not so rich families.  Secondly is the shortcomings of China's exam-oriented education, most of the students cannot communicate with others or confront difficulties alone in the society.  Part-time jobs can make them adjusted to the society gradually.
I think I don't agree that it is of very great importance for students – college students to have part-time job.  I am not denying that a part-time job can practice person's ability for working or cooperation or something like that but I think the college student – quite important mission in college is study and I think having a part-time job may influence student's study.  But having a part-time job may have some income – extra income in college which may – which my help them.
In my opinion, college student should do part-time job, though there are not so much college students in part-time jobs here in China.  I still think it – I still think – think it a necessity for us to do some part-time jobs.  First, I – I think doing part-time jobs can improve our ability by working outside instead of just studying in – in the school.  It will cultivate our ability.  Second, doing part-time jobs means making money by our own self and though the money may not be enough for our tuition fee and our life cost...
I think college students should take a part-time job and there are many reasons.  Firstly, I think some people may say the part-time job will delay our study, but I don't think so because we are college student and we should arrange our time better than – better than the younger – younger student and I think we can arrange our time and the job – our time between the job and our study very well.  In addition, I think the part-time job is a preparation for our job in the future.  I think we will gain the experience in the job and learn how to stay with others and cooperate with other people and we will have a...
Students can make some money from part-time job which help them to lower their family's burden and some of – some students from poor family cannot afford college fees and our bank [***] loan college students effectively as it does in developed countries and taking part-time job become a way for them to make independence in comfort [***] life, so I think it is very good for college students to have a part-time job.
I think it is good for college student to have a part-time job because students can make some money from a part-time job, which helps them to lower their family's financial burden.  Some students are from poor families and cannot afford college fees and our [***] to loan college students as effective as it does in developed countries.  Taking part-time job becomes a way for them to meeting – meet their [***] in life.  So I think it is very good for college students to have a part-time job.
Now, there is a heated discussion between people that should college student – should college student have a part-time job.  Some people think that it is important for college student to have a part-time job because not only college students can make some extra money but also can they gain extra training which could not obtain in school.  But others think that they should not because they thought what the students should do is to study but in my opinion, I really agree the first – I agree with the first one.  Like my school in Shanghai Jiao Tong University, our school had offered many kind of jobs in our college campus but many of my friends want me also to do part-time jobs and they told me that they think part...
In my opinion, students should have a part-time job for the following reasons.  First, the income from the part-time job can be more or less paid as a tuition fees.  Most of the college student age is about 18 and as a adult, we shouldn't rely on parents too much.  Secondly, having a part-time job pave the way for us to face the society making us knowing how to be a social man in advance and encouraging us to study – able to face the challenge.  Further, we can make friends with several kinds of people with common needs in the campus which is important for our future development.
It's good for students – college students to have a part-time job.  Students can make some money from part-time job which helps them to upload – unload their family's financial burden.  Some students from poor family cannot afford college fees and our bank system fails to loan college students as effectively as it does in developed countries and taking part-time job – jobs become the way for them to meet their great expenses in campus life.  Maybe, you are right.  However, earning pocket money on his own account that not only can – not only can teach college students how to handle his finance but also can help...
Take it.  I think first on one hand we should spend a lot of time to study because we are student.  The part-time job is just an experience in our daily life to enrich our college life.  It's not the most important thing in our school and we – what is important is what we learn in the school and we should take care of not the part-time job.   I think it is the study in the university but in the meantime I think it is useful but it's not important.
A part-time job related to their major give student an exciting chance [***] they have learnt in school, so I agree with them.  For example, chemistry is a [***] and difficult subject.  When a student takes a part-time job in a medical restaurant – in a medical research lab; however, he discover – may discover how important studying chemistry is for saving people's life.  Student then return to his chemistry studies with renewed vigor then academic pursuit becomes concrete and interesting with real relationship to the...
And just in my point of view, I don't think that part-time job is bad thing or good thing totally because if you can just balance them good and the bad and you can – you can just make yourself fit in it for good things and bad things.  You can make some profits – profits during the part-time job and also you can experience yourself in this – in this work and you – you can talk more to – to people you don't know and you can experience – no – you can improve your skills to talk, to communicate but for the [***] maybe they think [***] because you are – you are so young.
Nowadays many people think that college students should take part-time job for several advantages.  For one thing it gives student a chance to know the society to learn to be independent.  For another, they can also get financial reward and working experience as well such as teaching or selling practice which is helpful to their growth.  What's more?  They can put what they have learnt into practice and know their strong and weak point so that they can improve their studies and personalities which are beneficial in their later life.  However, still many people think taking part-time job may have some negative effects on student.  In their opinion, it will take their much time and energy and will affect their study as a result.  What's more?  Some students may be so keen on making money that they may neglect their studies in the end.  In my opinion, I am in favor of taking part-time job but we have to keep a balance...
I don't think college students do part-time job is a good thing because now our first job is – our most important job is to study and although the part-time job can give us the money and release some pressure from our family but in a long way, it's not the best choice to develop our – our skills or compatibility and other – and other thing and – and so I – I don't think – don't think it is proper for us to do the part-time job.
Yes.  I will say yes to this topic because I think it's important for student to get a part-time job besides their study in college.  Part-time job is helpful to many things.  For example, for foreign students doing a part-time jobs can learn some language which they cannot be taught in classroom or any course and as a college student, we will step into the society soon after the graduation, so a part-time job can help them to have a deeper understand how the – how the society but the student should notice that the first thing is always the study.  So the part-time job cannot be more important than study and if I have some free time, it's good to try to have a part-time job.
I agree this opinion.  I think finding a part-time job when we in university, we can have more social experience.  We can get the knowledge which we can't learn from books and I also think as a college student, we may have many leisure time.  We can use this leisure time to make our life more wonderful my finding a part-time job.  We can also make more friends through our job.  So I think it's good for us to find a part-time job.  Also although...
Well, I agree that students take part in some part – some part-time jobs after school.  The first because – I think the first thing is that it can enhance their social – social ability to communicate with people and to cope with some social affairs and besides they can – they can earn their – earn their maybe something like pocket money or they can buy – buy what – buy what they want, can such as...
I think we student have a part-time job is very important.  With the part-time job, we can have more money to spend, and we –we needn't depend – depend on our parents very much.  And we – we can – we can – we can have – have more freedom to yourself and not – not to stop by our parents.  So I think college students have a part job – part-time job is very...
I disagree that college students should do part-time job.  You know the college time is most important period in our life and decide which kind of person we will be.  So we should spend this time doing something important and maybe you think the part-time job will make some money and make you know more about the society but during you make money other student they are just learning, they are reading.  They connect with each other and this is good for their growth.  After graduation if you have prepared for the world while graduation, you not have to worry about your pay and yeah society – society, when you – when you grad...
What I think this topic it depends.  For example, I saw some people who are not that rich or even they are – they are very poor, so they may be need a part-time job to get enough money to support – support them going to the college and study.  But I think most people they won't fit this kind of situation and also part-time job will – will really spend many – many – many – it – it will spend many time of us.  So I think we should pay more attention to our studies but not that we need experiences so – so me, I don't...
I agree with it and if students still can have part-time job to make his ability and if you have part-time job, then you may have less time to [***] and you can make more friends with some students who do – who also do part-time job and may – maybe you can do part-time job.  If you do well, then you can – you can be happy and you can...
I – I agree that college students do – do the part time job because [***], the system earns money.  I think college students should try to earn money by themselves, to support themselves. And the second reason is they – they can – uh – do the part time job to learn how to manage – how to manage their money and how to use their money.  And the last one is – is parents because I think our college students can do the part time job to the parents – to – to have a [***] the parents what the – the – the – they couldn't have in college and they can learn how to get it now with everybody.
Although in my opinion I – I strongly agree with this – this question.  I think for college student, uh, a taking a part time job is very important.  I have two reasons.  Uh, the first one is by taking a part time job I can make some money and that is very important for my parents.  They do not to – they don't need to hard – work hard, uh, as they are old they really relief.  And the second reason is, um, I can get – I can – I can get the experience that how to communicate with...
I think it's very good for college students to take part time jobs and – and because, uh, first it can, uh, train them and second, uh, and they become – and their time will not be wasted and for example, uh, in Japan college students work to a part time – time jobs to earn money.  And I think it is very, uh, very good and they can communicate with the people by the chance and they learn how to take care of others.  And, second, uh, if they don't take any job and they will use to become to – they use the time to play or to do some other unuseful things.  Um, I think, uh, it's better to use, uh, uh, a limited time to do part time jobs and...
I like – I agree with the argument.  Because it - it teaches them responsibility and because they've got uh – they got to learn that hi – his parents won't be with them all their lives to give them what they want.  They got to learn how to earn their own money, uh, so they can learn the value of money when they worked.  The students are very demanding when it comes to things they want.  So when they earn their own money they soon realize the difference between need, uh, and want. When – when their parents pay for it, it's, uh, want.  It also sets them...
Okay, I'll tell you something about my opinion about this question.  Mostly I see I agree with this opinion.  So I will tell you the reason about it.  First, I think we are not children, so we are adults.  So we must earn money by ourselves.  So we can – if – if I got a lot of money, I can buy something by myself.  Second, I want to say my family is not rich.  So I need the part-time job.  Third, I think we can learn a lot from the part-time job.  So, I need the job to...
I agree with this comment of – for college students.  It's – it is very important – eh – to have a part time job for their student life.  From my opinion, there is some reason to support my – my – my statement.  The first one I think – eh – um – uh – to go – because a lot of students they will have a job finding up to the college – college – college life.  So – eh – how to – how to get their job, I think that not just depends on the knowledge, what should the teachers have taught to them.  Also important – depend on their social experience such as the...
I agree with the part-time job is very important to college students.  The college students can – can spend the time to get money and expand their life and they improve their – their ability.  So it is very good to students.
I agree the idea that it's good for college students to have a part-time job. And there are – there are three re – reasons to support my opinion. First, students can make some money from a part-time job. Uh – it can help students from poor families. Secondly, earning pocket money can teach college students how to handle their finance and then, they will not waste money to buy things useless. Uh – last – at last, students can do things...  
Nowadays, it is difficult to get a job. The college students start the part-time job earlier in order to accumulate ex – experience. In this way, they can know more about the company. It's a big fortune for them and I think this – I think the college students should have their planning [***] attitude to the part-time job. It can also cut down parents' burden. Um, for college students, they should do more part-time job to increase their society experience. Yeah, uh, um, in addition, any students are...  
Well, I think that – uh – students should have – find a part-time job as we all know that students always have a lot of free time – uh – outside their class and they – they needed to experience the different kind of life out of their school and hence, be also – they can make money and – uh – they can meet many different kind of people and also they, I believe that everyone will learn a lot from doing part-time job and, you know, it is very different with their – um – it's very different – um – with their, um, so, I – or you know that I think they will benefit a lot if they – uh – take a part-time job, yeah, um.  
Uh – I agree with the topic. Uh – if a college student – uh – take a part-time job, it can improve the comprehensive ability of this college student, um, a, and he – he would – he will have the opportunity to contact with the people in society – uh – and it will lay the foundation of his – uh – future career, ah, when he graduates from the university, uh, and, uh, if, uh, more university students do the part-time job, uh, some companies or some restaurants, uh, can save some money, uh, to – uh, to, uh, to employ and give them, uh...  
Some strongly agreed that a – the economic student to have a part-time job, but I'll tell you that we don't have so many opportunities in China. I think that it's a good opportunity or a good chance to have the students to connect with the – uh – society. Since after they – uh – graduated from school, they will – uh – find job in society, but the society life is very different from the life in campus and university. So, I think it's a good time to or good chance to let them to connect to the society, uh, primarily when they're – when they're still in school. For example, since I have the working experience after I graduated from the economic school or college, so when I was in the company, I strongly...  
I agree to students who have a – have a part-time job, because firstly, um, um, taking part-time job in which – uh – in which – in which you see the social experience to – uh – work on until adapted to the society better and cause like overcome the difficulties you – you may be – might – you might be meeting in the society and secondly, of course, job can offer you money. So, part-time job also can help you to how to earn the money and thirdly, um, thirdly and it's – um – if you have a part-time job, it helps you to learn how to make a good chance for your daily life and – um – four – fourthly, fourthly, it's to make sure that...  
Well, as for this topic, my opinion is of course, I agree that it's a part-time job. I think it's – uh – it's good for us. Because, um, for our Chinese students, we have usually so many time on the study, study at home, study at – at school and study at our summer vacation, winter vacation and at – at the same time the, um, the – the meaning of life. It's – it's – it's just a winning dose, but – uh – I think the college students or the university students should – cannot – uh – lead the – the social, should, should know something about the social and the society. So, uh, doing a part-time job of our school is – is very, very good for them to – to ask kind of...  
I disagree. I think a part-time job can take up many of student's time and that makes them lose focus on their study. Besides the part-time job can be a distraction and the students may find the working much more fun than sitting in their room and it terrified them. Although part-time job can help a student get the – catch with the job world early, help them established notice about their workplace and also give them a taste of – of what job life is like, whatever...  
I quite agree with this opinion based on the following three points. First, we learn the object in order to use them, in order to practice them. However, nowadays, many objects that are taught in college or in the university are not quite prac – practical. So, it is through those part-time jobs that we can learn more and we can plan more for our future career and the second, the college life should be colorful and students should not be limited only within the university campus and last, but not least, most of the students graduated from school are not expected to become college professors or careers like that. They will – they will seek for jobs, they will ask about a job. So, a part-time job is a good experience for them.  
Nowadays, some people say that it is better for college students to have a part-time job, uh. In respect of this opinion, I partly agree. The reason why I agree with this statement is like the – it's, uh, as below. First, having a part-time job, uh, by doing part-time job, students can earn money which can relieve of the family's burden and also we can use the money to do some, uh, to take part in some activities or by some things, we really like and the – the second reason is doing a part – do, uh, by doing a part-time job, we can collect some social experiences, before we truly step into the society and this is good for our, uh...  
Yes, I agree with the topic, college students should do part-time jobs. First, uh, as the college students, we have a lot of courses in the school and doing part-time jobs could have – let us have a rest from the college classes and also makes our life more colorful. The second and the most important thing is that we could earn some money from our part-time jobs. This – in this way, we could release our family's burden and also we can buy some – some, uh, every things that I, uh, want to buy, but, uh, without the part-time jobs, I may not have enough money to buy it and the next, as the college students, we haven't stepped into the society and doing some part-time jobs could collect our job experience for the...  
I don't agree the opinion that, uh, today, college students should have a part-time job when they are at college, because when you attend the college, the first thing you need to do is to study. Uh. If you spend some time on doing part-time job, it will separate your energy and your time. Though part-time job may bring you some social experience, but I think you can gain it after you graduate. In school time, you should focus on learning and to equip yourself by learning more and more languages and maybe some skills be useful in your...  
I agree with this statement. Uh, first of all, students can use what they learn from the books to the practice, uh, which also can strengthen their knowledge in an effective way. If students now put, uh, the theory to the work, they will feel hard to handle their profession once they leave the next – the text books in the future. Besides, it is important for students to experience workings and, uh, connect with the society in advance, uh, which can be prepared for their future career up to their graduate. Uh, moreover, it is beneficial for students to do that, uh, uh, because, uh, I think, uh, doing part-time job can – can make money which is able to support – uh – support their cost of living and extra expenses such as shopping, dating, and, uh, traveling.  
I think that it is important and it is beneficial for stu – college students to do part-time jobs, because nowadays, in China, many students, um, claim that they don't have time or they don't have the ability to do part-time jobs, but I think that doing part-time jobs do have many benefits. For example, they can help students to earn money and they can be independent from their parents and family. I think it's an important step – step towards to have – towards the world as adults and secondly, I think that doing part-time job, they have students to gain experience in handling with people in the society and also handling their own problems in all fields in their lives and thirdly, I think that nowadays, students may claim that they have a lot of studies, school work to do in college. But I think if you do part-time job, it won't make...  
I think that students should do part-time job as part-time students, uh, may go into society to understand the – this cruelty in society early and much – my – much, much more rightly, um, but also experience the hardship, the apparent. In addition, um, I mean many students are not thinking about learning in school, um, but in looking how to love. Their time is spent in a lot of time loving. In most it's very relaxing, ample time should be, your true love tend to do job, part-time job in the society. So, I think the students should do part-time jobs. Doing part-time job is very, very useful for their future. So, that's all my opinion to respond to this statement.  
I also think – uh – uh – I think it's important for – uh – students in universities to take a part-time job. Firstly, it can strengthen their skills, uh, and prepare the students for their future lives in, uh, for in future career. Uh, they only study the – the – the – uh – the skills on the paper and – and the books and that's not enough. They need to go out of the university and learn how to, uh, um, practice the – these skills in the reality and secondly, the experience outside, in the society, it will teach them a lot of more things that they were not learning in universities and they will learn how to, for example, communicate with others and how to apply their knowledges and – and how to get along with their colleagues and things like...  
Basically, some people say that in part-time jobs are very important for college students and I agree with this, uh, statement, because I think having a part-time job, you can, uh, become self-independent, um, to some extent. Uh. By doing part-time jobs, one can also, uh, learn some social skills and, uh, grow mature than before. Uh, what's more, uh, students can develop friendship and, uh, uh, widen their, uh...  
From my point of view, having a part-time job is very important to the college students, because a part-time job is – will give him – give us the experience of social activities. It will be very helpful to our future, for our future career and our future job. For my part, I also have a part-time job during my summer break. It was great. I met many occasions – met on occasions with many kinds of people. They are very wonderful and they teach me many things. Apart from this, having a part-time job will – will earn money. We can save this money for our future career to support our...  
Even in my opinion, I agree with the statement that students can have a part-time job. I have several reasons. The first one is having part-time job can make college students make use of their right, their time. As college students, we have many – we have much time to – we have much time to do things as – as we like. Uh, by having part-time jobs, we can make use of time instead of wasting them on playing computer games or selfie or something else. Secondly, by having, uh, by having part-time job, we can make money, we can make money. Uh. As college stu – as college students, we are adults and it's not good to ask money for – from our parents. Um. So, the – last, but not least, by having part-time job, we can, uh, make – make friends with...  
I think taking part-time job is not only necessary, but also meaningful, because nowadays, uh, um, we are always faced with that – that situation. Mainly, in university, students were – are well knowledged. They studied very hard and they get good grades, but they're still, they lack of skills and they can't face some, uh, relations, uh, uh, relationships between human beings and they can't interact with others very well. So, taking part-time job is a very good chance for you to exercise and improve your skills from various expects. You can enter into the society earlier and, uh, you don't...  
I agree. I think college students should take a part-time job and take me as an example. I work as an English tutor in my spare time and I teach, uh, maybe four kids. They are in the high school and in the secondary school. I think it's important that we should take part-time jobs. Uh. If you want to do the job, if you – uh – you want to do a job in the future like me, I want to be an English teacher. So, I take – so I choose to be an English tutor in my spare time and I can teach them the English poems and the vocabularies or reading by – reading – reading methods to help them improve themselves and help me improve myself too. I think it can help me broader my horizons and train myself to be a good English teacher. Maybe, I won't be an English teacher in the future, but I – I think...  
I think we should support that college students have some part-time jobs. I have several reasons for that. First, some students may come from poor families and that they may have some financial problems. Though we all know that people can get a scholarship to help them to finish their studies, uh, without a fear of some big problems, but I think not everybody can get scholarships or other financial help. In that case, part-time job may be a good choice for them to earn more money to support for their family or their fees for the education. Though for these people, if they as well can afford the school fee with the help of part-time jobs, I think it...  
Uh. I approve with the opinion that we, college students, should try some part-time jobs. It is because that, uh, we, college students, should not only, uh, get some knowledge from the book. It is more important that we should learn something from the reality and from the society. Part-time jobs is a perfect way for us to face the society and the outer world. Doing – doing the part-time jobs, we cannot only, uh, get our ability in truth, but also learn how to – learn how to work out something our, uh, by yourself. Uh, oh, also it is a – also we can make some preparation for our – for our future jobs during...  
That we won't feel, um, nervous when we go to the, uh, uh, work, uh, uh, to go to the company and we can earn the money by our self. That will, uh, allow us to not depend on our parents, but – and reduce their burdens, um, and so it can make us realize our dreams, uh. If we want to buy some things like we want to buy some, uh, present for parents and for the, uh, friends, so we can use this monies and if we want to, um, have some classes, um, we don't need to, uh, ask our parents for money and we can, uh, work, we can study and work, um, as, as well as, um, make us become more – um – it will enrich our daily life. So, I think that's very good to have a nice...  
Personally, I agree with this statement. I think that it's important for college students to do some part-time and there are two reasons. The first one is doing part-time job can help students to earn some extra money and in this way, they don't need to totally depend on their parents for their living, uh, fees and the – um, for me, actually, I'm doing part-time job. I work as a private teacher for a primary school student. I'm teaching English and I find this pro, uh, process is – is quite interesting and the second reason is I think part-time job can – uh – relate the – the students to the society. They can enrich their knowledge and broaden their mind. Um. They – uh – this will benefit for them. They can easily find a job.  
Um, I think, uh, having a part-time job is very good since, uh – uh, the college uh – the college – in the college or the university is very – uh – imp – important period of time, uh, when people started to step into – start – start to step into the society. So, it's very important to earn – to, to, uh, and keep in touch with other people, uh, and I think, uh, secondly, uh, you can earn money when you have a part-time job. It's a kind of financial support and you won't, uh, cop – and won't – you won't stand your – the – the money from your parents all the time and, uh, I also think, uh, maybe you will have more, uh, work ex...  
Um, yeah, I – uh – I totally agree with the idea that a – a part of that – a part-time job is very important for a college student. Um, just in my – in my view, the duty for college students is not only just to study, but also – but also to prepare for the future to – uh – to make – uh – to – for most – most students to make – to make them more likely to get promoted in – in jobs in the future after their graduation. So, a part-time job will raise their experience and – uh – and make them know – know more, know – know clearly about their social life, make them, uh, get more experience, get more skills to, uh, to – uh – in many aspects. So, I think part-time job is very important for a college student. Maybe...  
I – I have agreed with this – this thing. I think the college students have to take a part-time job. Uh. Just take me as an example. I take a part-time job after I graduated from the, um, uh, senior high school and the shopkeeper were – was very friendly to me and I made a lot of friends and they tell – taught them how to – how to handle the things. I helped the shopkeeper to serve the products and I helped – I helped him to, uh, change the money and I helped him to, uh, uh, handle a lot of things, uh, and she – he taught me a lot of things and he taught me how to, uh, face the people and he helped me, uh, how to do, uh, uh, how to cook the bread and something like that. Uh. It is a memorable example, uh, experiments, my...  
Uh. I disagree with this opinion, because although we are college students, we have a lot of free time, but we still have to concentrate on our studies. If we take a part-time job that will to – that will take us a lot of energy and we cannot concentrate that much when we are listening on – to some lessons. So, I disagree with this – this opinion and although taking a part-time job can – can – can imp – improve our abilities to deal with people or deal with the company, I, I think we – after we graduate, we'll have more opportunities to do that. We don't have to hurry to do that now.  
And a – a college student, I am agreeing with this point. I will tell this point about, um, two – on two, uh, factors. Uh, firstly, we can see directly for this and, uh, we can earn money. So, uh, some – some of us maybe come from a – a completely poor family and we have to, uh, fight for ourselves. So, we can, uh, set down up on – on, uh, burden of family and, uh, secondly, this can exp – this can increase our experience, um, and...  
I agree, um, only if, uh, they want to, uh, expand their horizon or, um, or – or to achieve some knowledge, uh, out of their class. If they want – just want to make money, then no and I think, um, it's useful to do part job, uh, when you have free time or else if we have spare time and you can do something, um, later – so to your measure and they can appear in many things and when you're off – uh – when you go to work, you, um, and this knowledge of out of class can help you more I think. So, um, uh, ek, uh, of course, you can make some money to, uh, support your life, something like that and, uh, if we just want to make money...  
Uh, I agree with it, because I think, uh, uh, doing part-time job can make our, uh, college student – college life become more colorful, uh, but we should, uh, make – uh – study well and it is the first thing. Then, we can do some other part-time job, uh, and there are some reasons. First, uh, it is a better way to help our families, because some, uh, many students do part-time job, because, uh, their families are poor or their, um, parents, uh, don't have enough money to make, uh, uh, their college life become more colorful. So, they do it by themselves and second, uh, it is a good way to make friends, uh, from – you all do the part-time job, because, uh, you know we all know a lot...  
Okay. I think it's important for college students to have a part-time job, because, um, as we know, in the modern society, many students don't have a chance to have a part-time job and to develop their abilities. So, um, now, in the college, we are, uh, different adults now. So, we should do – develop our – our ability in all the paths of our life. So, we should take part-time job. We can make, uh, the life more funny and we can make more friends in the part-time job and we can learn something very useful from them and, uh, we can – and know how to do in the part-time job and, uh, maybe prepare for our later jobs.  
I agree that, uh, uh, it is important for college students to have some part-time job. And these are some reasons. First off, uh, have – having some part-time jobs can help them, um, better adapt to the society. Two, uh, the college-going students, when they're, uh, in the college, students do not understand what the society likes and part-time job is an opportunity for them to learn more about the society. Also, uh, part-time job, uh, can – uh – they can earn some money through part-time job and it will help them to give their parents, uh, to go to, uh, money and also, uh, they will know like money is not easy to earn, so they will not waste their parents' money, uh, something.  
Um, I quite agree with the statement. I think part-time job is an important part of college life. First of all, if you take a part-time job, you can earn some extra money and this can – uh – um – release the burdens of your parents. Uh. Second, if you take a part-time job, you can learn something that you cannot learn from school, like, uh, you can, um – uh, if – during the work you can communicate with different people like your boss, like the customers and it's very precious experience for you. Uh, the third, uh, I think part-time job can, uh, uh, draw your attention to the responsibility, because you are paid for – for your work. You have to be responsible for the quality of your work, uh, and...  
Um, I think, uh, uh, do a part-time – doing a part-time job is, uh, is very good for, uh, our university students, uh, because, uh, in – I have only many classmates, uh, have the experience, but I haven't have this plan – had this plan, because I think, uh, I want to focus more on my, um, on my study field, this English profession. So, English major. So, I, uh, haven't wanted to – have – haven't wanted to, uh, do a part-time job, but, uh, when...  
Uh, I think college students should have a part-time job, because, uh, as a college student, all we learn is from the textbook. But textbook knowledge doesn't mean everything, because, uh, what really matters to us is the social experience and, uh, not your certification. Uh, in the modern society, almost everyone has the certification of college, but not everyone, uh, can be, uh, can be chosen to the very – very good, very grand com – company, because they lack – they have lack of social experience and, uh, if you take a part-time job, you can expand your horizon and you can – you can learn – you'll learn to how to get along with, uh, with others and you will learn how – you will learn to improve your social ability, your working abilities and so...  
Um. Well, I think it's very important for our – us, uh, university students to, uh, take part-time jobs, um, while we are reading, uh, studying in college. There are basically three – three reasons. The first one is that we need money. Um, you may be – uh, maybe you will say that you can get such monies from parents or grandparents and any, uh, uh, um, your, uh, any mem – family member, but I think that's really not enough for some of my classmates. For example, there is – one of my classmates who want to, uh, travel to Europe and during the summer holiday and it will need like about 20,000 RMB and, uh, it's too difficult for him to ask, uh, his parents for such a huge amount of money. So, we need extra money for our hobbies and dreams. Secondly, I think, uh, we – we can, uh...  
Yes, I agree. In my opinion, having a part-time job can help us a lot. Firstly, we can earn some money on our own instead of asking our parents for help. Secondly, we can learn a lot of things that we can't learn in school. Last, but not least, we can make a lot of friends with different people. So, we can know some – we can know more about the society from people around us. So, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job and I also want to have some time to take – have a part-time job. Thank you.  
Um, I think, uh, it is important, um, if we can – um, if we can have a part job, we can make our, um, um, free time, uh, uh, free time, uh, um, colorful and, um, we can have some work, uh, experiences. Um, we can make our, um, uh, work in our future with – um – to make good and, uh, but that, uh, I think, uh, we should make – find a – a – choose a kind of part job. Now, if we – if we should, um, some – some job, some part job, don't, uh, don't you, we don't need our, um, bright...  
Well, I think it is also, oh, it is of course, very important and the part-time job is very – a very successful, um, useful access for me to learn some social skills which we cannot get from books and the class knowledge. Meanwhile, it comes with equal rewards and money. We can use the money make up our large expense that easily can release the financial burdens we get individually. We can develop our independence which is important for us to show in our future work. Well, in conclusion, it is very important I think and, uh, it, uh, uh, can have a – learn more about, um, skills to do kind...  
I agree with this statement. The following can support my point of view. I think it is important for college students to do some part-time jobs, because it will help college students in so many aspects. On the one hand, doing part-time jobs can make us earn so much money which will relieve our parents' burdens, after all, our parents are still – they're in an effort to make money for our college fees. On the second, language. On the other hand, doing part-time jobs will exercise our abilities in so many aspects. For example, doing some part-time jobs can improve our abilities...  
Should college students take a part-time job? This is the question for us, a large amount of students, but in my opinion, it's a right choice for college students to take a part-time job and as a college student, I quite agree with it, because we can earn the living expenses by ourselves. Um. We can accumulate work experience and improve our work capacity. We'll can get in touch with the society in advance and meet with different people. First of all, if we take a part-time job, we can learn to be more independent and, uh, relieve the financial burden of our parents. Most of college students don't realize their parents' hardships of earning money. Um. When they take a part-time job, they can know that money doesn't come easily.  
Many college students take part-time jobs in their spare time. While it is good for self-discipline but to [***], some people feel like taking a part-time job totally is about full of adva – advantage. First, a student can learn how to get along – get along with people. You now learn to study better by taking a part-time job. Furthermore, to take – to take a part-time job, uh, while the student is, uh, while they are a – a part – a part – a part which – apart which [***] as well from book [***] practice and if student can make some money which help to unload their family's financial burden.  
I think I can't tell you the absolute answer, because I think every coin has two sides. Um, now, a large quantity of our students do run a part-time job at their free time as students [***]. On one hand, it suits them to some degree. We are more independent than what we are before. On the other hand, however, many disadvantages may come – may – uh – dis – disadvantages come right into us which even lead us to uh, which even lead to a sli – slump in our study and daily life. Um, it – to begin with, we benefit from what we do in part-time. The reason why we call it part is, oh, because we do have plenty of free time. It is believed that most students don't know how to use their spare time. They're making use of their...  
So, as the part-time job, as a college student, I totally agree with that. You know, uh, we have so much burden in – on our self to pay our college fees and to, uh, pay some other courses you know. So, I have – we have to, uh, try our best to do something to make up the costs and, uh, costs, yes, uh, and, uh, it don't – we do have a much – much vacant time to do something else. So, why don't we spend those times on part-time job and experiencing some – most, um, useful, uh, yes, I think it's, um...  
In my opi – in my opinion, I agree with the idea that, uh, have – have a – having a part-time job is important, um, because, uh, we can practice ourself – ourself through the part – part-time job, uh, and, um, uh, we can earn money by ourself so that, uh, we can release the burden of our parents, uh, and we can learn something, uh, that's, uh, we can – we, we, uh, we can – we can learn, uh, in class, um, uh, learn, uh, we can – we can also, uh, learn how to, uh, um, uh, how to get along with other people. Uh, it is important for us, uh, to...  
Because lots of – lots of my friends have work experience and have more independent than I have.  They are willing to share their interesting work experience with me.  In the work life, they met many difficulties.  They would try to do something on their own.  Different kinds of setback made them most [***] and go easy on everything afterwards.  I felt somewhat ashamed of myself.  I would like to be independent.  It is difficult for me.  I live under my patients – parents wills [***].  My parents run everything for me, let me depend on them for food and clothing.  I know I can't go on like this.  If I couldn't get rid of the protest from this, then I can't be independent.  There are no [***] my will.  For this reason, I...
Part-time job is important for the college students.  They can do the part-time job to pay – pay the fees in the college.  They can – they can get – they can – they can make more friends from the part-time job.  This is so nice.  Once more, it's meaningful, we can do – we can learn a lot from the...
Just as [***] and that's a question and I think part-time job is good for us.  I feel in system that part-time job is good for our studies, for our life.  It increasing experience it can broaden our horizon and at the same time, it can – it really can reduce the burden of our parents.  We all adult, so I think we can afford our tuition fees – tuition fees by ourselves, not ask our parents to give us some money.
These days some people say that it's important for college students to have a part-time job.  First, from material point of view, at this year, the ministry of education has made a further adjustment of college tuition.  Part-time jobs will undoubtedly ease economic burden for those not so rich families.  Secondly, shortcomings of China's exam-oriented education most of the students cannot communicate with others or confront difficulties alone in the society.  Part-time jobs can make them adjusted to the society gradually, and I think we should have part-time jobs experience in the whole college.
Yeah.  I am still not so agree with the topic.  I think students – college students, it's not so important to that college students have a part-time job.  I think it's important for some of the students which their family's economy structure not so good, so they can have a part-time job in a college and have some extra income, but I think for college student his or her, what she or her should – he or she should do is study and if she – if he or she do not study well then he – then the person shouldn't get a part-time job, that will influence their study and maybe cause more problem about their college life.  So I don't think...
Doing part-time job is necessary for college students.  In China, most students just use their parent's money and study at school without doing any jobs.  The reason why I think college students should do part-time job are the follow – are the three following.  First, it can improve our ability for – for our social life.  While doing part-time jobs, we can communicate with many people.  Second – second reason is that it can practice our knowledge, our major, and third point is that it – it makes money which makes our – which improves our – our- our sense of...
And I think college students should take a part-time job and above all, I said I want to – I want to do some [***] and first I think part-time job is preparation for our real job in the future and during the part-time job, we can learn how to work and how to cooperate with others and gain the experience – the necessary experience and the way we know the society well and one more I think the part-time job can help us gain some more money and especially for some students who don't have – who don't have enough money for their study.  And I think – so I think all our college students may better take a part-time job.  Thank you.
Students can make some money from a part-time job, which help them to lower their family's financial burden.  Some students from poor family cannot afford – afford college fee and our [***] loan college students effectively as it does in developed countries.  Besides – besides not only can teach college students how to handle his finances but also can help them to develop greater independence.  Nowadays young people are encouraged to be independent.  Making money by themselves enable them to be more independent of their family.  So I think it is very good for college students to have a part-time job.
I think it's very good for college student to have a part-time job because students can make some money from a part-time job, which help them to lower their family' financial burden.  Some students from poor families not – cannot afford college fees and our [***] to loan college students as effective as it does in developed countries.  Nowadays, young people are encouraged to be independent.  Making money by themselves enable them to be more independent of their family and build their self-confidence.  So I think it is very good for college students to have a part-time job.
Nowadays, there is a heated discussion between people that whether a college student should do a part-time job or not.  Some people think that it is important for college student to have a part-time job because not only college students can make extra money but also can they gain extra training which they could not obtain in school.  But others think they should not because they think that what students should do is study – to study.  In my point of view, I think and I am quite agree with the first opinion.  In my college, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, the college had offered kind of jobs to students and many friends want me to do part-time jobs too.  Sometimes they...
I think people who don't agree with the importance of having a part-time job, they think that doing a part-time job is wasting time and is bad for our study.  I object to the opinion. You can't simply excuse that you don't study well.  The only reason for the poor academic performance is that you don't – don't study hard.  Actually, most of the college students spent much time to have fun in the internet or karaoke.  Why don't you apply the time to do a part-time job beneficial to both you and your family as a way – as I said about.  It is...
Students and effectively as it does in developed country and taking part-time jobs becomes a way for them to meet their great expenses in campus life.  Maybe, you are right; however, earning pocket money on his own account that not only can teach college students how to handle his finance – finances but also can help them to develop greater independence.  Nowadays, young people are encouraged to be independent making money by themselves enable them to be more independently of their families and build up their selfish – self-confidence.  Well, it depends the young will go into the – go into the community someday taking...
As I say just now, I think part-time job is useful, but I don't think it's important.  It's necessary for students and college students take a part-time job, yes, if that necessary.  We can make some money through – through doing some part-time job, and we can get some work experience but what we need to do is study and learn something.  We should spend much more time in something useful because we should treasure our life in university.  And I – I disagree of this idea because I think the part-time job don't have...
Part-time job also help students strengthen their [***] pure important contact with family and – and family life – family life done with contemporary stage of their respective field, no matter how hard they try.  Computer science textbook publishers [***] with the rapid development of new computer hardware, software, and programming languages.  The students who wish to maintain a competitive edge in the job market would find part-time missions where they can learn state of the art techniques from the experience of [***] that comes from holding a part-time job.
In my point of view, I don't think that the part-time job will waste of – is waste of your time because in a part-time job that - during part-time job, you can make not only profits but also the experience in your work, in your – in your future.  And during the part-time job, you can experience your – your skills to communicate with each other and during the job - the job at hand and maybe you think that it's a waste of time but if you don't so with time, you cannot improve yourself totally.  So it's important – it's my point of you and – and also if you can make a balance of the time, you can give yourself a great chance – how I say...
Nowadays many people think that college students should take a part-time job for several advantages.  For one thing it gives a student a chance to know the society to learn to be independent.  For another, they can also get financial rewards and working experience as well such as teaching or selling practice which is helpful to their growth.  What's more?  They can put – put what they have learnt into practice and know their strong and weak points so that they can improve their studies and personalities which are beneficial in their later life.  However, still many people think taking part-time job may have some negative effect on students.  In their opinion, it will take their much time and energy and will affect their studies as a result.  What's more?  Some students may be so keen on making money that they may neglect their studies in the end.  In my opinion, I am in favor of taking a part-time job, but we have to keep a balance between the job and the study, after all study is our main...
Now, I will continue to – to give my point of part-time job.  Some job is, we can take some job like – like we [***] and use our knowledge studied from school into – into the – into work.  And – and – and we can do some relative jobs to our – to our major is good for us.  I think it's now like the things like handout letters or other...
Yes.  I think it's important for college student to have a part-time job.  I have two points here.  The first one is most of the college students depend on their parents to give their study fees for life.  So if they have a part-time job, they will own the money by themselves.  They will reduce the burden of their parents.  I think it's a good thing to give the student responsibility for their self and second point is it will good – it will be a good chance through the part-time job to get a deeper understanding – understand to the society.  Part-time job will be a bridge from the student to a man in the society, so I think it's a good chance for us.
Although, some people may think it's waste – waste of time for us to do part-time job during the university studying, but I think as university student we may have much – much leisure time, so it's good for us to do a part-time job when we – when we in university.  We can learn more knowledge which we can't learn from our books and we can get more social experience and we can make more friends from our part-time job.  So I think I will raise this opinion.
I agree with – with the topic that students should take –should take a part-time job after school.  First reason is that part-time job will enhance their social ability to communicate with people to – to cope with some social affairs, besides they can earn their pocket money and buy whatever they want with this money, and I think it does a lot of – it has a lot of benefits for us to take a part-time job.  Finally I think...
Part-time – part-time job is good way for – for students to get experience that we can't get in the campus.  With – with this experience, we can get very [***] into the society.  We can adapt this easily and we – we can do better than others who don't have this – this experience also – also however I think...
I disagree with – I disagree that the college students should do a part-time job.  You know college time is the most important period in our life and to decide which kind of person we will be.  So we should spend this time doing some important for our later life just like learning knowledge, reading more books.  Maybe you will say doing a part-time job will make some money and you don't have to spend the money – the money, the family provide, yeah it's true but it wastes a lot of our time in study and working with all classmates.  You know maybe friendship, knowledge, and experience in the life is more treasurable in your daily life and if you have prepared for your graduation and study then when you work, the impact is...
Well, I haven't followed that, is very disappointing.  I don't know what to tell about.  What I have said just now?  Come on please, give me a second chance.  I haven't follow you.  You can't do this to me.  Please, please.  Time-out, time-out.  Well, I want to quit.  Don't do that.  I have no face to see my teacher.  That's embarrassing, very embarrassing.
I will do part-time job.  Once you got good – do well and you may be [***] by your – by your – by your partner and your host and you may get more money and have more belief so do something more well and – and maybe...
Uh, I – I agree that, uh, college students do the part time job.  At first I – because I think we should, uh, we should try do the part time job to support themselves and we should be independent. And the second reason is I think we can do the part time job to know how to manage their money and how to use their money.  And at last I think to do a part time job is very good in experience in their life and we can learn a lot of things we can't – we can't learn in the college.  And we can – and we – we will know how to get along with, uh, everybody and – and we, uh, um, and we can understand the works environ...
Now, I will continue with my answer just now.  Uh, I said the experience that communicate – that communicate with other people is so important for college students.  For example, I – I have a part time job in [***] uh, for 2 years or so, uh, this is pure – this is pure, uh, by this experience I learn how to, uh, communicate with – they put their – this money – in Japanese, they are not students, they are housewives and that makes –um – so I can understand – just understand their society and Japanese...
I think it's very good for college students, uh, to use their time to do part time jobs and there are, uh, some reasons to support my idea.  And the first one, uh, it can train students, uh, in many, many fields.  For example, there – it can train their abilities and they can use this, uh, part time job chance to communicate with others and learn how to take care of others.  If they all – always stay in – at home then they'll always, uh, think of themselves but not others.  And the second one it can make free use of the time.  Um, if they always stay at home and watch TV or sit with their mother and which was – then I think it's better to use the time to do the job.
Uh – I agree with the argument because it teaches the students responsibility.  And uh – because they've got to learn that their parents want to be with their – with them all their lives to give them what they want.  They've got to learn how to earn their own money.  And uh – students are very demanding when it comes to things they want.  So uh – when they earn their own money, they soon realize the difference between need and want.  It – it also sets them up for further money uh – management when they're out.  When – when they're out, they are in the big world by themselves.  Also I think it is important for students to get a part time job so they can learn the value of money and the...
Okay then, I will tell you something about my opinion about this question.  First I want to say I agree with this opinion.  Then I will tell you the reason about it.  First, we are not children now.  We are adults.  So we must earn money by ourselves.  If we got a lot of money, we can buy something by myself.  Second, my family is not so rich, so I need money, so I must go to work to earn money.  Third, we can learn a lot from part time job and it can make me rich.  So I need...
I strongly agree with this statement of – it's very important for college students to have a part time job.  I have two – I have three reasons to support it.  The first one I think is because you must – our students want to get a good job after – after their study is finished in school. So and uh – the important one to get a job is not just depending on knowledge which has been taught by the professor and the teacher, but also very important it depends on what they have to do in – after class such as have a part-time because a student part-time job, they have a good communication with each other.  And it's very important for a businessman.  And the second one – second opinion I think because we must see the...
I think – I think the part-time job is very important to college students, so they can improve their – their social ability and get extra money to – to buy more books.  Or it is more [***].  College is very important to ability so the part-time job is very good to college students.
I agree the idea that it's good for college students to have a part-time job. There are three reasons to support my opinion. First, students can make some money from a part-time job. It can help students from poor families. Secondly, earning pocket money can teach students how to handle their finance, then they will not waste money to buy useless things. Uh. Last but – but not least, students can do meaningful things when they have spare time instead of wasting time to play the computer games. So doing a part-time gives, uh, college students a – chances to exercise their ability and, uh, to – and, uh...  
I think that students should do part-time – job as part-time – students may go into society to understand the cruelty of society, early maturity, but also experience the hardships of their parents in addition and many students are not thinking about learning in school, but in looking how to have – their time is spent on lot of love lost. University is very relaxing and full-time so much. But sometimes they used it to love, as for me it's also, um, but I think the time should be more, uh, devoted to meaningful things like studying or something like part-time job. Now, we are adults but not...  
Well, in my opinion that I think students should find a part-time job and here are some reasons. First, I think that our students will have a lot of the time, um, outside their classes, um. So they needed to find a – find a job to, uh, spend their time. Also, students need a lot of time – um – need some money and so by taking a job they could make some money and, uh, they don't need to ask money from their family. Um. The last but not the least, uh, students will learn a lot from their job and, uh, they will benefit a lot because they needed to. A job means responsibility and, uh, also...  
I agree with the topic the part-time job can build a comprehensive ability of the college students. Um, um. To the college students, they will have the opportunities to contact with the people in society and it will laid a foundation, uh, of, uh, um, for them when they graduate the – when they graduate from the university and, uh, uh, get into the society, uh, and the – for the restaurants or some companies, uh, they will have, uh, more chance to, uh, employ, uh, to employ, uh, more people they want because the, uh, the – the university students, uh, will – uh, will need less money than the, uh, uh, uh, and the – than the, uh, people from the – in the society. It – it – uh – it can – uh – save their money and – uh – the – the university students can, uh, then...  
Just now I said that, um, I am very strongly agreeing with the point – the opinion – the opinion that like the academic students to have a part job we – when they are still in school. Uh. While I was in company, I feel that the – uh – the students when they have the experience, working experience in school are very easily to use to the life in the company. But the students that don't have the – don't have any, uh, working experience when they are in school, they feel that, uh, the – know – uh – the knowledge they learned in the context is very different from the actual life they work – they will use it in the company. So, I am strongly agreed to let the academic students to have the part-time job when they are still in school since...  
Yeah – uh – I agree to – agree to the – to have a part-time job. Firstly – uh – picking part-time job enriches the social experience to adapt to the society better, because you may – you might be met – uh – a lot of difficulties, when you will take time – you will take the part-time job, like the money problem, the insurance problem, and a lot of problems. You must overcome the difficulties to take the part-time job. That means you have ability – an ability to overcome the difficult – difficulties. Secondly – uh – it will – it's – uh – to make sure what the job – uh – what – uh – job is your favorite job in the future and that you – you take time – job is – is all kind of different jobs, maybe you can – you can take the one job.  
Well, I think when we get a part-time job outside it's an – a – a lot of different from our daily life. In this – in the – in the job we are doing we can learn how to communicate with – with other people with strangers – um – because – um – uh – when you work as a – a waiter or some – something – uh – you have to – uh – give your service to other people, so you have to – you have to pay attention to the use of the words and – uh – your – your – your – your – your manners and many thing else and – uh – it's – um – maybe some mistake will teach you how to be – uh – how to be a – a people that – how to be a person that people like, yeah, and also doing a part-time job isn't – is not easy. It's not easy, so...  
Many students – many college students now they have taken up a part-time job to their – earn some money to support their – themselves or to gain some working experience but I think this work is not good though. Part-time job can help a student get in touch with the job world early, help them establish and notice about the workplace and also gives them a chance of what – a chance – what life is like. Moreover, taking up a part-time job helps the students and families to lighten their burden by [***] of finance. But part-time job can take up the much of a student...  
I quite agree with this opinion that college students should have some part-time jobs for the following reasons. Firstly, they learn objects in order to list them, in order to practice them, however, now there is many objects that are taught in school are not so practical, are not so easy to practice, so it is doing part-time jobs that we know more of – know more of the subjects and objects we learn, and they know more of themselves. And second, college life should be colorful, should not be one-sided. Students should not always focus just on study and they should not be limited within the campus. And the third reason, most of the students will find a job after their graduation, they do not actually major in some academic research, so a part – part-time experience can be helpful. Actually, many – uh – HR managements complain that some...  
I partly agree with the opinion – with the opinion that it's better for college students to have a part-time job because by doing part-time job – part-time job, we can earn money to – uh – to buy things we like and to take part in activities we really wanted or we would really want to, and – uh – also we can release our families' burden. And the second reason is doing part-time job, we can collect experience before we really step into the society, but why I don't agree with this opinion is that doing part-time job, our time for study is – will be – uh – inevitably influenced, and for students, the fundamental task is to study well. So if we can do part-time job – part-time job on the condition that our study won't be influenced I think doing part-time – doing the part-time job will be a good thing.  
I'll agree with the topic that students should do part-time jobs. First, as the college students, we have a lot of college courses in the school and doing part – part-time jobs could let us have a rest from the courses, and therefore, make our life more colorful and then we could earn some money from our jobs. This could relieve our families' burdens and also we can buy some – some things we like – uh – and next, and also the most important thing is that, as college students, we haven't stepped into the society. Um. Therefore, doing part-time jobs could help us collect some experience for the jobs we may do in the future – uh – and also in this way we could gain some social skills. What's more, um, doing part job...  
I don't think students in college should have a part-time job when they are in the college because the first thing you should do in college is to study. When you study more and more knowledge and experience and the skills you will have. This will help a lot in the – in your future job, and besides that taking a part-time job will take a lot of your time and energy. Since you are a college student, you can spend this time to – with – spend this time with your friend and family. In the future, when you'll have a full-time job you will never have the time to enjoy your life with them. So, I think it isn't necessary for college students to have a part-time job when they are in college. You will gain...  
Uh. By doing part-time job – uh – students – uh – can – uh – lighten the burden off their families, and especially the not very rich ones. Uh. They also can find out how hard their parents are earning money to provide them with their life – living and education. Um. Meanwhile, also – uh – doing part-time job can – uh – gain a great deal of work experience such as communication skills and a method of dealing with – uh – interpersonal relationship. In addition, learning how to face with the fail – failure and criticism is very important.  
And doing part-time job may help students to push themselves work more efficiently on their school work because if you have both jobs to do in a society and your schoolwork and your school relationship, you have to think about how to work more efficiently based on your limited time. If you only focused your – uh – if you use your whole time in school, you are saying that – um – you – you will become more inefficient and you – you may become lazy from – and if the time accumulates – if time accumulated and I think that earning money is a – is really important for students to – to know how the society works for the adults because if students who are all – sometimes they will just ask for – ask their parents for money and I think it's – it's – it's really – it's really not that good for college students because they have to face – they have to face...  
Many college students take part-time jobs in their spare time, whether it is good or bad is still subject to – to concede – constructive debate. Um. Some people believe that taking part-time job certainly brings in – bring – brings about several advantages. For me, students can learn how to get along with people, especially the new social people is different from the campus friends and know the society better by taking a part-time job. Furthermore, to take a part-time job provide – provides a student with a valuable opportunity – um – to learn more and more knowledges – uh – into practice. Finally, students can make some money which can help them to release – uh – their families' financial burden and to have some things to buy what he wants...  
I think it's relatively important for students to take a part-time job during their university life because, firstly, they can apply their knowledge into practice. They learn how to put their mathematics skills to – into the statistics they're reporting and then learn how to apply their spoken English into real-time comm – um – uh – daily life communication and that's how they – uh – learn how to put their – what they learn into what they can achieve. And secondly, the – the part-time job could teach them a lot more than the books and teachers could teach them, for example, the skills of communication between others and the skills to get along with their colleagues. And all of the skills are not teached – are not taught by the books, but they must learn before they really step into the society. So, a part-time job is...  
Nowadays, many people think that college students should take a part-time job for several advantages. For one thing, it gives students a chance to know the society and – uh – to gain self-independence for – uh – for – another reason, they can also get financial rewards and working experience as well such as selling products. This is very helpful – uh – to their growth. What's more, they can put what they have learned into practice and know their strong and – uh – weak points, so that they can improve their studies and their personalities which are beneficial in their later lives. Uh. However, still many people think taking part-time jobs may be – may have some negative effects on students – uh – because it's takes much time...  
From my point of view, to have a part-time job is very important and – uh – magnificent to – as college students from my batch. I have also a sum – a part-time job during my sum break. It was great because I made acquaintance with many kinds of people and teach many, many useful things, meaningful things. Apart from this, I own money. I will save this money to support my future career. Uh. Save money is also – is some kind of superficial things but I have – but I will – earning some valuable and social experience, it was great and, well, it was valuable to have social activities, which will teach us how to...  
I just want to say what I have said before. I also agree with the statement. Uh. I also – um – have three major reasons. First one is that having part-time job – part-time job makes a student's life colorful. Um. A – a student will have much – we have much free time. If we don't do something meaningful we can just play computer games and – uh – and hangout. Um. The second one is that we can make use of our time. Uh. As – as a college student, we have many time – we have much time to – um – uh – learn through ourselves. Um. I think in part-time job we can – uh – in that we can – uh – make life – our lives – uh – uh – make – make ourselves adjust to the society better and – uh – quicker. The second – the third one is that we can...  
I strongly agree that – uh – we should take part-time job because it's – uh – very use – it's very necessary and meaningful. Nowadays, many college students lack skills, lack – lack practical skills. They just study hard and get good grades. So, when they are entering into the society they will be very in-depth and adapt – adaptable. So it's a good chance for us to – to – uh – to enter into the society earlier and – uh – exercise the – uh – speaking– skills and some communication skills. I think it lays a good basis for our future. So, I think part-time job is not only for the position but for our future.  
I do agree. I think college students should take a part-time job. So take me, for instance – uh – I work as an English tutor in my spare time in Alabama and I choose to be an English teacher in the future. Uh. I taught small kids in my spare time, nothing on time, just – uh – general, just gradually and I teach them language points, vocabularies, reading methods or – um – listening, comprehension. I think it's really important that we have a part-time job and no matter what it is, it can help us broaden our horizon and train ourselves to be a better one, and – uh – from – um – by teaching them, I can know what I lack – lack and what I want – um – to do in the future, maybe I want to be an English teacher. Anyhow, I think it's important and it's necessary that we have...  
I support that students have some part-time jobs and I have several reasons for that. First of all, some people come from families, so they may have trouble to – uh – finish their school without problem of some money. So if they can have part-time jobs, maybe, this will help them a lot. Besides, after graduation, giving we're all entering the society and have a job, taking a part-time job may give them more experience about how to apply for job or how to do your job well. This experience will help them a lot – uh – when they finally graduation and enter the university. So, I think that is a good idea for the students to take up part-time jobs. With this, they will have more experience and some of them may not face...  
I agree with the opinion that we, college students, should try some part – uh – some part-time jobs in our free time. Firstly, doing some part-time jobs – uh – can – uh – doing some part-time jobs can earn some money. It is important for us to earn some money to support our study or some products we buy – we buy in our daily life. Secondly – uh – doing part-time jobs is – is good for our abilities. During the part-time jobs, we can learn how to face some difficulties by ourselves and learn how to work out them. Thirdly, finally – uh – doing – doing some part-time jobs is actually preparing for our future jobs. It – it had...  
Yes, I think it's very good to have a part-time job in our college life. As we all know – um – we should promote our ability and to increase our working experience – uh – uh – to – for the further – uh – to prepare really for our – uh – work – uh – working – working life, and if we go to the company, we won't – uh – worried and we will familiar with the – uh – the working conditions and the working – working atmosphere. And secondly – uh – it can make us earn money by ourselves and we do not do – uh – depend our parents that's why we reduced their – uh – financial burdens and – uh – if you want to – certainly if you want to buy things the – uh – to our parents and to our friends, we don't need to ask money from our parents and we want – uh – would like to do whatever we like if we have money – um – and if – uh – it can enrich our daily life in our care – college life.  
Um. Personally, I think – um – I agree with this statement. I think doing part-time job can benefit for college students and – um – there are two reasons. Um – the first one is part-time job can make grad – uh – university students to earn some extra money. In this way, they don't need to – to – to rely on their parents. They can, to the extent, can be independent and can spend the money on what they want to buy, and – uh – for me, I am also do part-time job. I am – uh – work as a private – uh – teacher for a primary school student. And the second reason is the part-time job can – uh – well prepare for the university students to the society. They can broaden their mind and invest their knowledge which will be beneficial for their – when they enter in the society and – uh – look for a job...  
Um. I think it's a very good idea to have a part-time job – um – during your college time since – uh – firstly, I think – um – you can have more work experience before – before you step into the society. Um – uh. When you have a part-time job, and you can get in touch with the people from – uh – from every social levels and maybe you will be a waiter and you can talk to those people – uh – who has different social identities, and it's a very good way to improve your – uh – your ability of oral expression. And secondly I think – um – uh – having a part-time job – uh – may be a very important financial support, you don't have to spend – uh – your – uh – spend the money from your parents or the time – um...  
I totally agree with the idea. In my perspective, a part-time job is very important for college students. As far as to – uh – college students that is not the only duty, but also they should too learn – learn more about the future career to promote the skills to make them – uh – more likely to get jobs in the future after their graduation. So a part-time job can – uh – give them more experience, can make them – um – learn – um – learn more about the society – hori – their – uh – uh – to enlarge their horizons. So, it's very important for the college students to get a part-time job to get more close to the society to make them more – uh – the challenge – challengeable in the future social life. So – uh – the – this is my opinion about a part-time job. That's all...  
I am agreeing with this topic. I think the college students have to take a part-time job. Just – just take me as an example. I take – I took a part-time job after I graduated from the senior high school and I made a lot of friends, and the – um – shopkeeper was very friendly to me. Uh. He helped – he taught me a lot of things and – such as how to – uh – sell the products and how to answer the questions – uh – from the customers, and – uh – they taught me a lot of – a lot of – uh – how to say – uh – they – they taught me a lot of things – uh – and – and I – I – I make a lot of – I make a – some money and – and it can – it can – uh – maybe have – uh – uh – it can help me to – uh – buy a – buy some things I like and – uh – maybe – uh – release my mother...  
I – I am not – uh – I disagree with this opinion because, although in the short term taking a part-time job may seem very attract – attractive to us because it can – uh – improve our ways to deal with people or improve our – uh – our – our practical abilities, and earn as much money. But I don't think in the long-term to – it will do us much good, because, you know, we are students. We need to concentrate more on our studies not on – not on those jobs. So we need to – we have to concentrate ourself on our – on our lessons instead of putting our – most of our energies in – on – in – uh – doing part-time jobs. So if we could take this part-time job, we will feel tired when we are taking lessons, so we cannot concentrate that much and that will...  
And – uh – as a college student I am agreeing with the – uh – agreement, uh. I can tell it from two factors, and – uh – firstly – uh – we can see it – uh – directly it can – uh – earn money. So many of us come from a poor family and – uh – maybe it's not enough to – um – live by the parents' money. So, we can – uh – cut burden of family – uh – by taking a part-time job and secondly, it can increase our experience and – uh – I think it's – it's a good thing to – um – have such experience before we have a really job.  
I agree with that if – uh – only if they want to – um – enlarge their – uh – visions and expand their heart and – but – er – a – and not just make money and – um – in your spare time you can go – uh – uh – you can do a part-time job related – especially related to your major and you can – um – um – teach you how to communicate with other people and know how to – um – teach yourself and this knowledge of – out, of course, can help you more – uh – uh – when you will go to work, um. Of course, you can make – make some money to support your life, and I think it's – it's – uh – very common thing nowadays in college, and – and so do I – I have a part-time...  
Uh, I agree with because I think – uh – doing part-time job can make our college life more colorful – um – uh – but – uh – we should approach that they first and if with that where we can do some other part-time job and there are some reasons. First – uh – it is a good way to help our families because as we know some people do part-time jobs because their families have – uh – don't have enough money to make – um – to make them have a – um – good college life, uh. If they do part-time jobs, they can buy whatever they want or buy whatever their parents want, um. Second, we can make a lot of friends because we know – uh – when to – when we do part-time jobs where we will meet different people from different just – uh – uh – school or from different schools or from different path, and we can study or learn something from this...  
Well, I think it's important for the college students – students to have a part-time job – um – because in the – in modern society – um – people – um – know students or children – uh – don't have the chance to – uh – to face the society, so we should develop our ability in the part-time job – uh – our abilities and we – and we should in – and in the part-time job we can make our life more funny and we can – uh – make a lot of friends with them and these friends may be useful for us. We can learn all the – uh – not all – uh – many – many things from them, and we can widen our knowledge. We can know more since in the – uh – part-time job. So, I think it's very important for us to have a part-time job.  
I agree that it is important for college students to have some part-time job as it will help them perhaps adapt to the society. Of course, when college students first enter in society they are so confused and through this experience they have about the society. Part-time job is a good opportunity for them to know more about the other side of the society. Also – uh – part-time – uh – they can earn some money in part-time job and – uh – it will make them through hardship their parents' money. Also, part-time jobs can make their college life more colorful and – uh – they – they will have a different experience during the college life, um. And part-time jobs can make them – make new friends with...  
Um, um, besides – uh – uh – taking a part-time job can offer you some expertise about different areas – uh – um – like you can learn how to – uh – deal with the datas, how to – um – how to – uh – communicate with others, um. And – uh – also, I think take part job – part-time job can – um – uh – can help you to learn how to balance your work with – with your – uh – with your time to have fun. And next – uh – also, I think taking a part-time – time job is important for us because it – you can look at it as a preparation for us to step into the society because society is very different from college life, uh, uh. Also, taking a part-time...  
Actually, many classmates are – uh – around me – uh – has a – have a part-time job and they always – uh – spend the weekend – weekend days to – uh – doing this – doing this – doing these jobs and that costs – uh – them most times. But for me – uh – I – now I just want to focus more time on my – uh – study. So I don't want to do the part-time job, but – uh – in the future, I will do it because I think it will – uh – because it will – uh – make my – uh – ability – improve my ability and – uh – uh – make me more – uh – practice to do the...  
As a college student I think, we college students should have a part-time job because as a college student – uh – all we have learned is the – only the textbook knowledge, but as we are now in the so – in the modern society, what really matters to our employment is not our certification because almost everyone has a certification. So the company judge a person's – judge a person by – mostly by his – uh – social – social appearance and some working experience. Also, I think we should try hard to – uh – work – uh – part-time really or to have a really job instead of just – uh – staying at school and learning some knowledge only not practically – uh – hence I say...  
I think it's very important for our university students to take part-time jobs during these days and there are basically three reasons. The first is that we need extra money. You may say that it's very – uh – uh – it's very easy for us to get money from our parents and grandparents. But actually that is not really enough for us, uh. For example, I have a friend who wants to travel to Europe – um – and – and needed like about 20,000 RMB. It's far more – uh – than what his parents can give him. So, he needs to do some part-time jobs to earn that extra money. The second point is that we can – uh – get some experience from such part – part-time jobs and it's very helpful for us to – uh – in finding – uh – future jobs and make us mature. The third – sec – uh – the third point is that I think we can make many friends in these part-time jobs and they are also very helpful in our future – uh – career and social – social activity. So – uh...  
Yes, I agree. I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job. In my opinion, have a part-time job can bring us a lot. Firstly, we can learn – we can earn some money on our own instead of asking our parents for help. Secondly, we can learn a lot of things that we can't study it in school. Last but not least, we can make lots of friends with different people. So, we can know more about the society around our people – uh – around us. So have a part – having a part-time job is very important for college students. Also, I want to have...  
I think it is important – uh – and – uh – we should – uh – uh – choose out – uh – the kind of part job. If we – uh – choose the – uh – kind of job it's – uh – not use our brain, I think it is use – useless. Uh. We need some – uh – extra days to – uh – train ourselves to – uh – fit – um – to fit the job and – uh – uh – not – not – um – strain our – uh – um – our body to – um – feel to – feel – uh – tired. Uh. It is not use and – uh – uh – and- and – uh...  
Well, I think it's of course very important and – uh – it is – uh – also a very useful access for me to learn some social skills which we cannot get from books and the class knowledge. Meanwhile, it comes with frequent rewards and money. We can use the money, make up our larger expenses. Definitely, we can release the – release the finance burden [***]. We can love our independence which is important for – to show in our future work. In conclusion, it is very important I think and – uh – we can learn more about some through your – such as communications with – communications which help us too much. Well, that's all.  
I agree with this statement. The following can support my point of view. Doing part-time jobs can help college students in so many aspects. On the one hand, doing part-time jobs can make us earn some money which will relieve our parent's burden. After all, our parents bears more efforts for our college fees. On the other hand, doing part-time jobs can improve us in so many aspects. For example, doing part-time jobs can exercise our ability to communicate different kinds of people and at the same time we will gain some exercise of doing some job. It will lay a good foundation for the development for our...  
Secondly, we can also accumulate the work experiences through part-time jobs, which will benefit our social job hunting. Campus work do not – uh – not only means academic study, but also many other meaningful aspects such as learning how to improve our work capacity. We can make – it's – best of use of our spare time to make our college life more colorful through taking part-time jobs. And the last, taking part-time job can let us adapt better to the society. The early we adapt to the environment of the society, the better it is for us to find a good job. At the same time, we can meet many different people in order to expand our list of friends and – uh – practice social skills. However, some other people hold that doing part-time jobs has more mis-advantages –disadvantages. The main job, of course...  
As for me, no. However, [***] may also – uh – like firstly [***] spend so much time doing part-time job by neglecting their study. Secondly, when taking part-time job, the student may be distract from their study [***] life in the society. As for me, I'm share the view that college student need to step out of the camp – campus and – uh – take some part-time job. [***] after all. It opens an – a window to know about the society, which is essential...  
Okay, I – I continue, and we benefit from what we do in part-time. The reason why we call it part is all because we do have plenty of free time and it is believed that most students don't know how to use their spare time, that making your spare time – making your time which is just simply used to sleep into a part-time job, indeed is truly a good way to enjoy the quality of life so it's – so when you – thus when you sleep or hangout, surprise – surprisingly – uh – time passed by. While if you do a part-time job, say, um, being a tutor, you can learn how to teach all by yourself to renew – to re – review your old – old day lessons as well, in that way we – who don't you – who – who – who won't admit it – uh – admit it's a good message to pick it up. Yeah, to – to pick up. In addition – uh – I think if we have more time or I...  
So, I think there are lots of candidates for us to take part in part-time job. First of all – uh – we have so much spare time and we should – uh – make use – make full use of them. Yes, and the second – uh – we can use this part-time job to make some – uh – uh – extra money to support our life – uh – such as buy something – um – we needed or some presents for our parents, and – uh – last but not least, we can guarantee some – some more wishful things that we use – use to not to experience – uh – which can help us to get into the society – uh – more easier and it's good for...  
Uh – um. As for me – uh – to have a part-time job is important – uh – because – uh – not only – uh – not only we – we can practice ourselves from – uh – through the part-time job, but also – uh – we can learn to – uh – get along with other people – other people. Uh. It is – uh – very important – uh – it is a very – it is a very – it is a very important – well, it is a very important aspect to learn how – uh – to – uh – get on well with other people – um – uh – and then – and – and – uh – through the part-time job – uh – we can improve our self – uh...  
