About taking part-time job, many of you have different idea to find it.  I think it is important for college students to take part-time jobs.  On the one hand, I think it can help the students to make money, and this money can help their families – can help reduce the burden to their family.  Moreover, I think the – I think when making money these students can learn the difficulties of making life by their own, and it can help them – it can help them to save money.  But On the other hand I...
I do agree that college students should take up part-time job because first many people don't have enough money and by taking a part time job, it will solve this problem and can – can help – help the – help their lives.  Second, many students can get some experience and widen their horizons by – by taking up part-time job because knowledge - knowledge  – you can – you can't get knowledge all from – all in class, some knowledge you must get out of the class and last but not the least taking a part time job I think...
I hold to the view that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  On one hand, we should not always depend on our parents who have sacrificed a lot for us.  As a matter of fact, we have enough capacity to earn a living by ourselves.  Having a part-time job is a good way to make a profit.  On the other hand, college students can improve their abilities by doing part-time jobs.  If a college student has a part-time job, he will know different people which may do him a favor in future.  There is no doubt that someone who has work experience can be employed by companies more easily.  In addition, college students have more spare time compared to students in middle schools.  They should spend their spare time on mean – on meaning...
I agree that it is important for college student to have part-time job but to be clear, the part-time job should not, in fact the student study and first of all part-time job can offer financial support to student on their study and on their own feet, so it is meaningful for student to support their study on their own and not rely on their parents.  Second, part-time job can offer student experience that they – they could not have in the college study and that will help students – students greatly in their later life and...
I agree with the thinking that students should do part-time job.  I have three reasons following.  First reason is we can earn a lot of money from the part-time job.  Also, it's not as much as in – in full-time job that is very much for our student.  Second is a good opportunity to practice your abilities – your abilities in – in many ways such as speaking, doing house work or managing.  The third one is it's a bridge to the world outside.  We are always studying and not connected to outside world, so I think part-time job is a bridge to the outside.  That's all.
I agree with the statement.  Thus, I think part-time job can give student an income, and we can use it to – to get us more [***] and doing job just – training for us to get close to the social – society.  We can learn something from the job.
In today's tough job market, students need more than just a degree to get job.  It's very necessary for college students to have a part-time job.  First, holding the part-time job can make students more allow [***] after school.  Significant work experience along with good references approved potential employers that you have the basic quality which make a good employee.  Second, every part-time job will help students financially, taking on financially – financial responsibility, they take some of the load of their parents.  Parents will not be around forever and so student have to gradually become responsible for all of their own expenses.  Third, the part-time job help them learn the – learn to budget and handling money.  Having some own money makes them appreciate its value...
Yes, I agree to lot first and it can help the college student to earn some extra money which can be used to take some extra course of doing something he think is more useful like taking a dance class or singing class.  And second I think it can help us to deal with relationship with people in society.  People in society are more defensive and more – more selfish.  I think so to do – so doing this I- it will change a lot and second I think it can help change the idea about society maintenance since takes society more idealistic while one is in part-time...
I disagree because some students don't have much after having enough time to study and they don't have much leisure time to spend so if you – if they should take the part-time job, they may have less time to spend on their study.  From my opinion, the college student's most important task is to study.  If they study well, I think they can choose a part-time job at leisure time.  So I think part-time job will be a...
Yeah, of course, I agree this theme.  I think we should take part-time job, because first we need the money of course part-time job can get very good income for us for living or study in Japan – in abroad, out of country and second I think take part-time job can practice your communication skills especially when talk with somebody else, communication, respond with other can know much more friends, can make me – make – make you feel better in your – in your work in future.  And the third I think you know in Japan, Japanese is our second language, maybe, English is the second language, Japanese maybe the third language and take part-time job...
I don't agree this point because I think college students should spend their more time in studying because if we go to do some part-time job, we only can choose those – those jobs such as waiter in a restaurant or something.  Before we have enough college, we can't do any professional job.  I think it is wasting time, maybe but sometime I think this part-time job can give you some chance to know more about the society.  So I think if you have some spare time, you can chose to do some but you needn't to do...
In my opinion, I think it's not good for student to do a part-time job because I think that – I think it's – it's just a waste of time.  You are doing a part-time job can't improve our ability.  I think – I think we have more important things to do in our universities.  We can read more books to – to get more knowledge and – or we can – we can do other activities to broaden our horizons and enrich our experience or we can do some sports to improve our physical level.  So – so all in all I think it's – it's not [***] to doing – to do part-time job in the university.
I think the first time – the first time on the job is very important.  I also agree with that because while young then maybe we like to learn about somebody.  So the first time we – we go to the job market, it's – it's a very good chance for us to learn about – learn from others.  So maybe we're going to a very large company that will be – that will be more – it will be a more success for people in that.  So it's our chance for us to learn from them and it's very immediate and fast.  Also...
A student can make some money from a part-time job which helps them to unload their finance – financial burdens as students from poor families cannot afford the college fees and our bank system failed to loan the college students enough – uh – in the past in the well-off [***] countries. As taking part – uh – jobs become a way for learning to meet their grades – encompasses in – uh – in – expenses income threshold of that. Maybe you're right. Uh, the young – beyond going – the young beyond going to the communities and this – taking a part-time job, students can know the – society – society – society better and – uh – learn how to get along well with people. They can improve their communication...  
Um, I think that, uh, college students, taking a part-time job is really a good idea, but I don't think it is good for everyone. Uh – uh, for example, those who want to be an engineer or a scientist after graduation, they should learn – they should learn more about science, not about the society and – uh – doing part-time job just – uh – just for money may be a waste of time and for those who want to go to work or learning business, they should – uh – get – they should get touch with society and – uh – getting – and – uh – taking a part-time job may be – may be something like some – is a – is a good – uh – is a good study in a society and – uh – they will learn more in society than in school. So, I think taking a part-time job is very good not for everyone, but for those who wants to go to work or just learning business, um, learn, uh...  
Well, someone says that it is important for college students to have a part-time job. Well, in my opinion, I think it depends. As long as I am concerned, me, myself, have some part-time jobs and I think it really helps, because I can be financially inde – independent. Um, that's really important to make me be independent of my family and my parents also love to see the change in my – in me, because I can do some financial decisions by myself and it is really helpful, but we are college students. So, part-time jobs should be...  
Uh – it must, according to our statement, for some students maybe their family is not aware of it. Another thing is, doing it to raise money to live themselves. For others, more other and – uh – their family are rich on a – and a part-time job is – uh – is an opportunity to exercise their social ability, social ability. For college students, studying in class is not out of their class. Um, me, um, the students more – learn more out of class and out of – out of class, they can take – uh – taking part in many activities. A part-time job actually is considered as a uh – tedious. Of course – of course, the society is still is very important, very important. So, if one student can have more time and energy and I think they should think about more to have a part-time job to think...  
Nowadays, taking a part-time job has become a choice for more and more college students to learn social experience as well as to earn more, some pocket money. As I speak, there are both benefits and drawbacks for college students taking a part-time job. On the one hand, ambition to gain an income, college students taking a part-time job can enjoy a more exciting lifestyle as they can meet people from all walks of life and – uh – develop a sense of responsibility which can't be learned in the classroom, on the other hand, students who take a part-time job may have less time focused on study and it's basic as if they're in both the part-time job and study. The busy life they lead may put their health at a risk in my opinion...  
From my point of view, I don't think it is very important for college stu – college students to have a part-time job, because – uh – we, the students are not workers. Our task is to be well educated, not to be – not to make money as much as we can. So – uh – absolutely, we should concentrate on our study and our competition. Part-time jobs sometimes are – most part-time jobs are very easy. So, you can't – uh – be improved through these jobs. That is to say, you can't – uh – get a high level, ah, when you – when you, ah, do these jobs. So, I think – uh – it is not very important for us to get part-time jobs during the life in our college.  
As a student, in – now, in my situation, I agree with this absolutely. Now, I'm a student that studied in Japan. So, compared to China, Japan, the expense is very big. So, I need to earn some money to reduce my parents' expense, but – but in some seniors it's a part – the – the – a part-time – the part-time job is also have – a – have this disadvantage. So, for exam – for example, I – now, I'm a master. So, my aim is for...  
Yes, I agree with it – it very much. I know to part-time job when I can take the balance between study and the part-time job. But you must do more to the other people. It seems to me it all depends on the attitude the student has – uh – thought the job, a, what he or she keeps in mind about this part-time job. Um. It has been a contending to that there are downsides and upsides to having a part job, ah, while, a, still studying. The main upside is, uh, students can, a, gain some workplace experience bef – before they – um – go to the social and the – for culture, they can actually – acquire some...  
Uh, uh, I agree, I am agreeing with this, uh. Um. I think – uh – I think a college student should – uh – uh – take – uh – some part-time job. On the one hand, they can – they can gather – gather some money to improve – to improve their life – uh – and – uh – do some – uh – do some – uh – accept – uh – meaningful things. Uh. Uh. On the – on the other hand, they can – they can, uh, on the – on the – on the other hand, they can take extra time to – for – take extra time for themselves – um – to improve themselves, um, because – uh – because, well, when – when they got it, they also – they also take part in – uh – the social. So, it is...  
Uh, of course, it's – uh – I have to agree that the part-time job is important for the college students. Uh, the first reason is that, uh, we can gain a lot of experience, I mean work experiences, um, you know I mean, we got to go to the – um – this complicated society and if you want so by themselves, then we – we have to gain a lot of experience. Uh, second point, is about money. We do a part-time job that we can earn some extra money, extra money that we, um, can make a lot. Uh. Next one is I might say, uh, some – gain ex – experience. If we can make some extra money, then we can share our family expense that we can take less money from our parents that they don't need to worry about...  
And now, I, I – I agree college students should have a – should have a part-time job, because in China, the students always stay with their parents from – from – from a child, from – from a child to the high school and the college. They are dependent. So, they – uh – so, so many of, um, so many students, college students don't know how to deal with their money. So, and then, they have – they have little social experience. So, part-time job can help them to have the – the – have some – have some – have some money and – uh – can help them to have some experience in the society. So, part-time job is important for the college students in China and also if – if they have a – have a part-time job, they can – they can...  
Well, I don't think that the part-time job is good for students. First, the part-time job will waste lot – a lot – a lot of time for – for students. I think they should use most of their time on studying and second, doing part-time job can't earn much money. The – the part-time job, most of the part-time job for students is cheap. The money even cannot provide their food or clothes. What's more, I think...  
I agree with that a college student should have a part-time job in their daily life, because most of my classmates or other friends will have one or two part-time job every weekend such as a tutor or something else like to work in a restaurant or in school. First, I think the part-time job will have us earn monies. As a college student in Shanghai, our – we – uh – every month, we will have to spend a lot of money in our stu – study of our life. So, um, it's also a burden for our parents. So, we have to – a part-time job to earn enough monies, uh.  
I think it's very important for the college students to get a part-time job. There are several – several – uh – several supports for this. For the first reason, I think part-time job can let the students earn some money. As the college students, now we have being adults. So, I think it's very important for us to make a life – living of our own and we should not ask too much money from our parents. They don't have any obligation for us to pay the money, pay everything we want and secondly, when we get a part-time job, we can know that it is very hard to have, uh, to earn some money. Then, we may care more about our parents and we will be more grat – gratitude for everything they have done for...  
So, I disagree with it. Uh. Some people may think that, uh, to do part-time job, uh, could ease the economic pressure, but in my employ – but in my opinion, um, uh, education has, uh, education has to – um – and – uh – uh – uh – education is a – uh – is – is an investment. It needs to – it needs to withstand a lot of high and energy doing it, uh. If – uh – if we do part-time job, uh...  
Um, uh, I agree with this. I think, um, the college-going – I think it's important for college-going students to have a part-time job, because, uh, first, uh, um, uh, during the working time, we can collect some experience, um, of society. You know, um, when the university students who stand – step out of their university, they will face many things that they never experience in the university. So, I think if we, um, have as part-time job in university, we can, uh, in advance to know about that, but I think, uh, one college-going student can't spend too much time on part-time job. Their pay – also it does – um – as it gets well have a bad influence on his or her, uh, study and the main...  
I should well know though colle – college is all – is – is our doing basic, but high school look – if high school students is looking forward to school and just don't rid of the burden, the parents or daddy works. In college, students have – have free time to – to build his experience. So, many students are trying to do the part-time job. In my opinion, it's a good – it's a good chance for college-going students, because the reasons are the following.  
I agree that we should do part-time jobs in school. Firstly, uh, we can learn money right in investing. There are many students who have no enough money to pave their life and in this way, we can earn some money to pay our – our – our fees and secondly, I think it can enrich our life – school life. Uh. We all know that in university, uh, we have a lot of free time and in this time, we can do some part-time jobs to enrich our school life and thirdly, we can get job experience from it. Uh, in one way...  
Uh, I think to have a part-time job, uh, is a good decision, because, uh, like if you have a part-time job, you can earn some money and you will not give your family a – a chance, uh, for your living and, uh, uh, when you will join – uh – when you join a part-time job, maybe you can, uh, make some new friends and you can talk with them and you can, uh, get a – a lot – a lot of knowledge and, uh, if you – if you have a part-time job, it's, uh, like you can have, you can experience, uh, how the people, who all live in the society and, uh, you can know more about what the so – society works or, uh, something like that and...  
Um, many students think part-time jobs are very important for college students and they, um, I think that maybe for some college students, they're important and there're others who don't think so. Uh. One of the – most think – uh – most think, because the benefit of the part-time job is the money and the – it – it might – might be a lot of – uh – income for college students, uh, and then, you can have work with the – have fixed accounts with parts and next is – is to again have experience and next is after that they leave – uh – leave the college and after their graduation, but I...  
Um, nowadays, some people say that people, uh, the students, college students, uh, should take part-time jobs. Some people think it is very important, but some people think, um, it's a waste of a lot of time. We should pay attention to our study. As I – as I am a student, I think, um, we should take part-time of – ta – take part-time job, because, um, it will, uh, we will learn some new knowledge and we will know some – what – what we should learn. Um, besides, it – we will get some important in – experience which may be helpful for our future job and we also could make some sense, uh, who will...  
Yeah, I – I agree with the point. I think college students should do – make part-time job, uh, as – as we all know the college time is very slow. We have very – we have many free time to do some – some work – work – the work outside of class. Yes, um, uh, from part-time job, we can learn many things, uh, and experience. That experience will be useful for our – our work. It'll be very helpful for – for our – for our – our life. Um. Part-time job – well we – we also can do part-time job to make some money, mainly to, um, uh, uh, help our parents.  
Um, I agree with, uh, your first idea and I think that it's important for us, college students, to take a part-time job and part-time job is important for us to have experience on the society. Well, uh, surely, we can bunch this for, uh, certain part-time job as we – not only we can have some, uh, some money, we can get for our labor. This can help us to, uh, lift extra burden on our – on our parents and – uh – and a precise estimate...  
I think it's good for college, uh, students to have a part-time job. Students can make some money from a part-time job which helps them to unload their family's financial burden. Some students from poor families cannot afford college fees and, uh, our bank system first to loan college, uh, students as expected may – as it's done. So, the government should take some more measures. In Denver, part-time job can help us to learn a lot of stuff which we can't know just by books.  
Nowadays, many people think college students should take a part-time job. As for me, I think college students should do some part-time job. There are several reasons we can account for. First of all, if college students do some part-time job, it can help students earn a living and reduce their dependence on their family for financing their studies. In addition, it also provides opportunities for students to apply their knowledge to practice. Last, but least, doing the part-time jobs can make students gather a lot of experience. It provides the talent here for them to find a good job in their future. What's more is it gives the student a chance to know the society to learn to be...  
Um, uh, I think, uh, it's important for me. Um, I can earn money to support my life's extra expense, um, besides, um, it's a good way to improve my ability such as the language competence, social skills, and the – I also can apply my knowledge, uh, to my job. It will be a good way to experience for me. In other words, I think entirely it's a good things. Um. It's really good for me. Now, I can have a try. That's all.  
I agree with that college students should take part-time job. Although many people say that taking part-time job is a waste of time, I don't think so. Taking part-time job is a good way to prove our abilities not only in the aspect on how to communicate with others, but also on how to do on things well. What's more, you can earn some money to support your studies so that you will reduce the cost of your family. The most important is that you feel delight by making money on your own. As to the view that taking part-time job will...  
In my opinion, I think it's necessary for us to take some part-time jobs, but we have to keep a balance between our jobs and our – our studies. Nowadays, uh, many people think that college students should not take a part-time job for several things. They just think as, uh, and they are the students. So, their duty is to try their best and try their all energy to study at the university, but I think, uh, it will – it has a lot – lot of good things after doing the part-time jobs. First, it, uh, can put on the – what we have learned in books into practice after doing the part-time jobs.  
Um. I think part-time job is – uh – is useful for university students, because, uh, we have some spare time and, uh, many students don't know what should we do. So, we can use the spare time to do a part-time job. It, uh, not only helped us earn some money, but also can we learn many things. Example, hardworking, perseverance, and patience and, uh, care for and focus on something and maybe some – and maybe how to communicate with other peoples – with other people. Um, part-time job...  
From my – from my point of view, taking a part-time job has two aspects for us. On the other – on the one hand, it provides us an opportunity to take what we learn into practice which can add our social experience. Besides, it can help us earn some money to pay our school tuition, try our best and, uh, we will do our self. On the other hand, from my point of view, taking a part-time job has two aspects for us. On the one hand, it provides us an opportunity to take what we learned from our daily life which can add our social experience.  
Well, as far as I'm concerned, I think, yes, I think that the part-time job is very important for college students. The first reason is, well, as college students, we learn most of the knowledge through book in – in – in classroom and, yeah, we learn – we – we were taught by our teacher that we – we don't know much things in the society. So, as the part-time job provides us a very good opportunity to – to learn, what is the real job is and what the real society is and the second, I think it offers us an opportunity to earn some money which can relieve our parents' financial burden, yeah, and I think it's very pragmatic – pragmatic method to, yeah, it's a very pragmatic method to relieve our burdens. So, I...  
I think university student is very necessary to take a part-time job, because a part – to – to take a part-time job, student can learn the – how to get along with people and then, know the society better. Furthermore, to make a part-time job provides a lot of the students with valuable opportunities to put up what has been learned from the books into the practice. What's more, students can also make, uh, some money which help – helps to unload their family's financial burden. It's especially important for college student who – who – whose family is poor. So, um, I think taking part-time job is very, very necessary. I also take part-time job in my university. In – in my first year...  
I think it is important for a college student to take a part-time job, because it may improve your abilities, um, during your daily life. During your spare time – spare time, you may mi – you may meet different peoples, um, and it's a real practice too. In addition, um, you can make money from your part-time job, um, and in, uh, release your, um, fiscal burden of your family. Of course, uh, you may feel happy in your part-time job. Uh.  
Um, I think, uh, in my opinion, I think, uh, the part-time job is very important, because our college students have a lot of time during our class. So, after classroom, we can do some part-time job such as the sales boy or sales girls and, uh, the part-time teacher. Um, uh, at first, at – at – as, uh, the part-time – part-time teacher, we can earn a – a little money to, uh, to support our life. In the meanwhile...  
Yes, of course, I totally agree with this opinion, uh, as we all know, as a college student, uh, we have many spare time after our classes. So, how can we spend this time? Somebody may choose to, um, play computer games and so on, but in my opinion, uh; to have a part-time job is meaningful. Firstly, we can earn some money to support our parents. As we all know, some college students, uh, come from poor family and they let – parents do not give them too money. So, have a job – part-time job is especially important for them. Secondly, doing some part-time job may broaden our eyes. Um, we can start studying much things from the part-time job, but as you...  
I hold the – I hold the view that college students should take part-time jobs.  I think it is very important for them.  On one hand, part-time jobs can help college students to make money.  This money can reduce the – reduce the burden to their families to some degrees.  Moreover, making money by college students can help them know the difficulties of making life by their own which can contribute to savings.  On the other hand, I think it is a good chance for college students to experience the society and gain experience.  It is very important for their future because they can experience the society...
I do think that a part-time job is very important for the college students, especially the students who are poor and not very rich.  For example, I have a part-time job in my university and I really go two times to – a week to my – to the building that I work – that I work at and that – and that doesn't take me a lot of time, but it can give me some extra money to buy anything that I want and also I can know some people that – who is very helpful and experienced.  This is a very important thing.
I hold the view that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  On the one hand, we should not always depend on our parents who have sacrificed a lot for us.  As a matter of fact, we have enough capacity to earn living by ourselves.  Having a part-time job is a good way to make a profit.  On the other hand, college students can improve their abilities by doing part-time job.  If a college student has a part-time job, he will know different people which may do him a favor in future. There is no doubt that someone who have work experience can be brought by companies more easily.  In addition, college students have more spare time compared to students in middle schools.  They should spend their spare time on meaningful things rather than on entertainment.  As a college student, I firmly believe that we can benefit from having part-time job so we shall do...
The same topic, it is so let's continue.  Well, as – as I said – as I said part-time job is very important for students, well, except for the financial support and the experience, part-time job can – can make students know more people.  Well, that means communicate with the society earlier, so this is very important for student who is lack of social experience and that will help student great a lot when they come to – when they really come into the society after their graduation.  Well, but we should also know this that...
I agree with the thinking that college students should do part-time job.  The first one is we can earn much money when doing part-time job even if not as much as full-time job but it's much enough for our college student.  Second reason is that it's a very good opportunity to practice our abilities.  We can do many jobs and many abilities will be practiced such as [***] or doing something by yourself.  The third reason is, it's a bridge to the world outside the college.  We are always studying and if we don't do part-time job, we can't...
I agree with the statement because I think the part-time job can give us extra money and we can then see things from the job.  If we attending the part-time job, we can training us – we can train us, and we can get close to the society.  That's a very good opportunity for us to get a part-time job, and we have a free time to really get a part-time job.  First part-time job can do just a [***] to...
[***] holding a part-time job during college is important for many reasons.  You may think – you may make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom like the basic qualities which make a good employee, attend responsibility, work ethic and ability to learn new skills.  Working experience also shows that you have had some real world how others experience it and then you can handle ourselves outside of the campus.  Having to focus on studies is not a valid excuse because there are many options available for part-time work.  Some of the most students – some of the most successful students are successful because their part-time job allow them to...
First, it can help students to earn some extra money so that he can take some – to do something I think is more worthwhile like taking a dance class or taking a signing class.  And second I think it can – it can help to – it can help to deal with people in society like – because people in society are more realistic and more self-defensive.  Thirdly, I think it can help to change his mind about the real society.  Many students in campus take society idealistic.  They think we are all good people not bad people and he can receive every – all the time but the realistic is not.  What I want to say...
I disagree.  Nowadays, many students spend their time playing games at – at college but most students spend their time study but very few which is not – not enough time for their studying.  I think this topic is different from people to people.  If student have enough time [***] study, I think they should take a part-time job but for students who not – who doesn't – who don't have enough time of study, I think they should...
Yeah, I agree.  I agree we should take part-time job.  The first – the first the part-time job can get you more easy to get into society in Japan.  You can know each other.  You can know Japanese people.  You can know Japanese culture.  It's very important for – for young student.  And second, part-time job can get very good income, get good money, can forbid or can – can – can support us living or study in – in Japan and you know the fee is so high.  And the third – third is [***] we can study Japanese you know, yeah take part-time job practice your Japanese skill, improve your Japanese level.  I think that's why that's very important and we must take part-time job, that's very good.  Of course...
I don't agree this point because I think the part-time job is not necessary.  Every person in college should spend their more time in study.  If we choose some part-time job now, we only can choose those jobs such as waiter in restaurant and this is – these are not professional jobs.  It cannot give us some good – some help but this job can give us some experience of the society, so if we have spare time, I think we can choose some of the part-time job.  But I – I agree with we should learn more in the college.
My point is – is not to do – to do a part-time job in our – during the university time.  I think that, for example, my – my classmates – some classmates may teach others in their part-time to get some money.  But I think it's – I think it's not – the money you get can't – I think that money you get will can't be – you know that, I don't know how to describe that.  The money you get is to nil and you waste your – waste too many time – too much time and...
Yeah, agree with that.  The job of a graduate, it's – it's more and more hard – it's hard and hard for – uh – the student, graduate student to go to the job market because the job is decreasing recently and that global economy is not very good I think.  So we should prepare well for the job market and we should work harder and – but before these – before this – before those, we should – we should work very hard to get to the job market and we should – should learn while we are in school and very, very, very and...
Students can make some money from a part-time job which helps them to unload their family's financial burdens and students from poor families cannot afford the college fees and our banks system fail to loan college students enough such that it – it might be incomplete, and taking part job because of way for learn to meet up with expenses in case it's difficult to meet. Maybe, you're right, it depends on young – young going to the communities and they are just taking a part-time job, students can know that – uh – associate better and learn how to get along with people. They can also maybe learn community – just skill and cooperation skill and this experience can help students to develop a greater sense of their participation, uh, and responsibilities – responsibilities and the teamwork spirit.  
I think that taking a part-time job might be a good idea, uh, um, but it is not very good for everyone. For example, uh, for those who want to be a scientist or an engineer, the students spend more time – the students spend more time, uh, in the society and, uh, they think – uh – and they think – and I think they should learn more about science not the society and, uh, for those who want to be – uh – who want to go to work immediately after graduation or the school learning period, they should, uh, keep touch in with the society and, uh, they should, uh, learn in society because they can learn more than in school. So – so I think the – so I think taking a part-time job is really good idea, but it is just for those who want to go to work or learning business.  
Um. I mean many students, maybe, do so many part-time jobs that they couldn't focus on their study. Um. I think that's not reasonable and is not feasible, since we are still students, um, our first task is to, um, do well in our study. So if we can do well in our study and we still have part-time I think do part-time job is okay, um, because it is really helpful and you can know the society more through part-time jobs because in universities it's just like a school and everyone is so kind, maybe, when you have a part-time – time job you will know what the people in the real society are like, so...  
For the question, um, college students, uh, it's – it's – it's important to – to have a part-time job. Yes, I would agree with the statement – agree with the statement. A part-time – uh – we can learn – uh – as a – as a college students, I think, we can learn more from the part-time job not only the money and – uh – if you just have the money, experience and, uh, something – and something – something other that's important, um, um. Um. But – but if you want to have a part-time job, um, importantly you should have a good – have a good grade and the grade is – uh – and so you can have more time and – and you think more – you think more about the part-time job. Okay, that's all.  
Nowadays, taking a part-time job has become a choice for more and more college students to learn social skills as well as to earn some pocket money. As I see it, there are both benefits and drawbacks for college students taking a part-time job. On the one hand, in addition to getting an income, college students taking a part-time job may enjoy a more exciting lifestyle as they can meet people from all walks of life and develop a sense of responsibility which can't be learned in the classroom. On the other hand, students who take a part-time job may have less time focusing on study and if they stick to – if they are in both the part-time job and study, a busy lifestyle really may put their health at risk. In my opinion, college students ought to strike a balance between academic study and part – part-time job.  
From my point of view, I don't think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job. Uh. The reasons are as – are as follows: Because – firstly – because we, the students, are not workers. Our task in our college is to be – uh – what – is to be – uh – well-educated, not to make much – much money, and – uh – at a – at school we should concentrate on our study and the competition, so – uh – part-time and – uh – most part-time jobs are quite easy. So you can't be improved through those jobs, um, and, uh, moreover, uh, we, uh, have to make effort to – uh – to get a high – uh – to get higher scores in our college. So, I don't think we have much time to do so – to do so, so I think it is...  
I have said that I agree with this opinion, but it will – it was a disadvantage as, uh, for example, e – I am – I am now a master in university, so I have – in school I have a lot of – a – reports and a speech, so I in the part-time take – take up my – uh – spare time I haven't – I – I haven't enough time to finish my report and the speech to print – complete – print – to compare my – it's also – uh – can't – as we can't – I can't – I can't have any good for sleep and rest.  
It has been contended that – e – there are – uh – downsides and upsides to having a part-time job while they – uh – while they are – uh – still studying. The main upside is students can gain some work place experience before they, uh, graduate from colleges. They can acquire some knowledge there that they can't learn from the school and learn from books. Um. They can a learn lot of, uh, um, word from – from society. Uh. Of course, the downside, uh, is – is, uh, a part-time job is – it might consume much time, such students can't, uh, take the plans of the part-time job and the – their study. They can't, uh, get the high, uh...  
I – I – I am agreeing with – uh – I am agreeing with it because – uh – taking – taking part-time job is an opportunity for themselves to improve their ability. Uh. It... Uh. They can – they can get lot of exercises for it and – uh – and – uh – and improve themselves. Uh. At the same – at the same time, they can learn to communicate – communicate with the others – uh – and prepare for – uh – and get a prior position for themselves before they enter into the society. I think – uh – I think it is a – a good – uh – a good chance for themselves. So I agree – I am agreeing with it.  
Uh. Okay – um – I want to give you an example of myself that – uh – I have – I had been a tutor – uh – about 4 months that I am – I have made about 5000. It – it can afford – afford my education fee for 1 year. I mean that's – uh – that's good for a student to earn so much money – uh – and I mean – uh... The second one is – um – at – a part-time job can adapt one's patience. You know, it's easier when we put time. That is a good chance for us to – uh – adapt our patience in order to – uh – that we can do better in – in the future that we – when we – uh – go into the society, right. And the third one – uh – if – we – possible that we have to ask for a contract – I mean at the same the time – uh – um – we got the – cash is enough, that – that when there's a...  
For – for me – uh – part-time job can help the college students to have some social experience so that they can find a – find a job and then they can find a – find a better job in the – in – in future they – after they graduated – uh – and for me I have a – I have a – um – I have a part-time job in our school – in our school and – and I – in our school and I teach the – the primary students – I – uh – teach the primary – primary students in – out – outside the school and I – I love – um – I love teaching – teaching him and if I – if – if – if later I – if in – if in future I like – I want to be a teacher I think I can teach my students like – uh – like the way I teach students – students now and – uh – and for...  
When it comes to the part-time job, I don't think it is good for students. The college students should use most of their time on studying. It make us with not much spare time. They should go to library. Go to – go to the classroom, to reading books and finishing their studying. Doing part-time job can – um – can get more help for them. The businessmen won't get – won't give them much money and sometimes they may even may hurt by the – by the people.  
A part-time job is necessary for college students. As I said – uh – the part-time job help – can help us earn monies and – uh – second, we can improve our social skills by the part-time jobs because when we are in jobs we have to communicate with other people and mostly adults. So we have to have friendship, have – um – um – pace – patience and be polite to everyone. And the third, we have to prepare for our job because we are more – almost graduate. After graduation, we will have to walk in – walk out of the school and begin to walk. So – uh – we have to do some preparation for...  
I think it is though important for college students to get a part-time job. There are few reasons to support it. Firstly, you can earn some money by your own. As the college students, we have been advised now and we should never – uh – not ask too much money from our parents. They don't have any obligation for pay – paying everything we want and we may know how hard it is to earn money and we will be more gratitude – um – uh – quite for – for what they have done for us. Secondly, we can get closer to the social situation that is much better for your – um – career life because you can know about the social status – uh – the – the social politics – uh – some – something – thing about politics, economics that you can never know from the book, but also – but from the...  
If we do a part-time job – uh – we could – uh – may – maybe – uh – it will make us overwork and the – and the final and the – as a result – uh – cost of – uh – cost is – cost us – uh – cost us – uh – we have – uh – uh – cause the energy to disperse – um. Uh. Some people – um – yeah, also think that the – uh – doing part-time could achieve working experience – uh – but – uh – uh – but as you – uh – but as – but – uh – as far actually most of – uh – our students do physical labor, only do physical labor, uh, um. I think – uh – it's – uh – deserve – uh – it's – uh – it's – uh – deserving – uh – it's not deserve it...  
Again – um – I agree with this, uh. It's important for college student to have a part-time job, um, um. First because they can conduct experience of society in their university and the second reason is that they can make friends with more people or communicate with more people. They can – uh – uh – exercise their – uh – skill of communication, uh, uh. After that I think – uh – while college students can – uh – can have a part-time – time job but he or she not – uh – should not spend too much time on that – uh – because if he or she does – um – their study will be affected – uh – uh – by that, um. I think – uh – the major of them is to study in university.  
I think part-time job is a good chance for students to know the society and to learn to be independent. Secondly, it's – it's a good way for students to get a financial reward and get some experiences from the society. Third – thirdly, get more practices and students can know their weak points and their strong points, thus they can strengthen themselves more correctly. But their part-time job also has some disadvantages. First is they will...  
When we graduate, a lot of companies ask us to have job – job experience. If we don't have such job experience, we have little chance to enter this com – company. But if we have such job experience, we can easily to enter it. So – uh – job experience is very important for us. In universities, we – we use our free time to do some part-time job and then they get the, you know, important job – job experience. After we graduate, we can enter our – we can enter the companies that we love to and – uh – uh – it's – it will be easy to enter it. So, I think doing part-time job in university is...  
Uh, I think to take a – a – have a part-time job is a good decision because you can earn money – uh – earn money in a part-time job and – uh – uh – you earn to give your family a backup – extra on – of living and – uh – then you can make many friends when you – uh – have the part – are doing the part-time job and you can talk with them and have a lot of – a lot of knowledge and then – uh – having a part-time job is like you are one of the – uh – you are a member of – of the society and you can see how the society works and – uh – uh – you can maybe – uh – uh – promote your like – talking skills and some other – and then, I think a part-time job will give you some interesting things in your life and you can enjoy your life in that way, uh.  
As I said before – uh – the part-time jobs can provide the students a lot of – a lot of money. They will buy what they want to buy. They – they gain a lot of experiences elsewhere when they're going to [***]. There is more than [***] and more money and – uh – make a better life. And so that's why a part-time job probably helps in accomplishing and although I don't like part-time job I don't really – I really can't give you a – a lot of substance really.  
Um. Part-time job is very important for us- uh – as I said – uh – before that and I think part-time job – um – is – um – um – yes, it's very important for us. We could – uh – learn more knowledge, more experience – um – learning. Uh. We can – uh – make some friends who may be help me – help us in the future and – uh – we will send some our disadvantage. We can – uh – change it or we can improve some our abilities. So, part-time job is very important for us in the – in the conclusion and – uh – we should – um – we should – uh – get more chances...  
Yes, I agree the idea that the Chinese children feel to – uh – make some part-time jobs. From this part-time job, we can have many experience. We can – uh – learn things. That's very useful and – uh – very good – uh – good for us. Very useful for our work, for our – for our life. Also, we all know that college life is a – uh – the time of college life for sure we can use the time to do other things – other things that we would like. So, we can choose some – uh – some things that we like to do. Also, from the some – from the part-time job we can learn – we can earn some money that we can – uh – through this money we can buy some things that we like. Also, we can buy something for our parents, our friends.  
I am agreeing with the first opinion. It's important for us to – for us college students to take a college – uh – to take part-time job. Uh. It has a lot of advantages. Of – of course, we should take an appropriate balance between the study and the work life. Uh. The balance – the advantages of – to take part-time job – take a part-time job can be various. First is we can – we can [***] for part-time job in at least two aspects. First – uh – we can earn some money. Um. The money can help us to alleviate the burden on our parents and second, it's – doing a part-time job...  
I think it's good for college – uh – students to have a part-time job. In the process of doing part-time jobs, students can exercise their social skill despite they can learn how to correctly handle the relationship with their partners. A part-time job can help students recognize the value of the money. In general, part-time job can help us to learn a lot of stuff which we come to know just by books. So, it's – uh – good for college – uh – students to have a part-time job.  
Nowadays, many people think that college children should take a part-time job. As for me, I think college children should do the part-time job. There are several reasons we can account for. First of all, if college children do the part-time job, it can help children's earn a living and because they are dependent on their families for financing their stud – studies. In add – addition, it also provides opportunity for children to applying their knowledge to practice. Last but not least, doing some part-time jobs can – most children get a – a lot of experience. It provides a guarantee – uh – for them to find a good job in the future. What's more, it gives the children a chance to know the society to learn to be independent. In my opinion, I...  
Um. I think it's important – uh – it's important for college students to have a part-time – part-time job and it means I can earn money to afford – afford my life expense and – uh – besides it's a good way to improve my – our abilities such as the language – language [***], social skills – uh – what's more I can apply for – apply my knowledge to my job. It will be a great experience for me. You know what it's a good thing because learning is really good for me. Um. Maybe – uh – I actually have a try. Yeah, yeah, that's all.  
I – to the view that taking part-time job will effect student's study, I wouldn't agree with that. If we programming our time properly, we are able to cope with the problem between study and – uh – part-time job. In my opinion of – in my opinion, we college students should have dependent life. Most of us – our students – are adults. We shouldn't just cost our parents' money. In other words, taking part-time job has more advantages than disadvantages. We should learn frankly cost terms in many aspects...  
And I think – uh – doing some part-time jobs can give the students a chance to know the society and to – to learn how to be independent. Just we have entered the college, we are facing the society and so after doing some part-time jobs we can have a rec – recognize of the society better. And the third – third, I think – uh – after doing some part-time jobs, we can get some financial reward and some – which is – uh – which can help to unload our family's financial advantage. Also, we can get a lot of, well, working experience which is better for our future work. Uh. Since we have done some work now, so we...  
Um. But I think we should do part-time job – uh – um – after thinking. Uh. We couldn't yield much – yield too much time on part-time job. Um. If it is – uh – not good to our study, we should stop it because – uh – we ask your students and we should – uh – and we should study well first. Part-time job maybe can help us to learn something but it's not the whole life. So we should – uh – we – of course we must – uh – we must use to maintain our study. Study is very important. Uh. If we haven't...  
From my point of view, taking part-time job has two aspects for us. On the other hand, it – uh – provides us an opportunity to take what we learn from our daily life, which can add our social experience. Besides, it can help us – the – need more help from other people. From my point of view, taking part-time job has very helpful us. On the one hand, it provides us an opportunity – an opportunity to take what we learn into society, which can add our social experience. Besides, it can help us need more money to pay our school tuition and – uh – channel ourselves.  
Yes, undoubtedly, we have to admit that – uh – well, the part-time job is very important for college students. Yeah, the first is it can provide a very good opportunity for us to – yes, such as – uh – internship, right, to work and it's very – it's very, very great experience because we will go to the society sooner or later. And second, we can earn some money through the part-time job which can relieve our financial burden. But I – I also want to say part-time job is important but we shouldn't make let it – uh – disadvantageous because sometimes we have to focus most of our attention on the study and I think that's the real important one. Yes. So, part-time job is important, but study is also important for college students. Yes, so that's it. Um. That's my opinion.  
You know what, I like part-time job and I like a lot of things from part-time jobs, and also I make – uh – many, many money. So, I think it's very useful and it's very meaningful for university – university student to take a part-time job. If you feel boring, just take a part-time job. If you don't – don't – do not – uh – don't know how to do – how to spare your time, just take a part-time job. I guess it's a good chance for you. So, come with me and take a part-time job. We can make some – do – do some tutor of – and do – or we can send – uh – some advertisement paper or you can just do some part-time job in the internet. It's very special. Um. So, what...  
Yes, it is important to take a part-time job and to – uh – enrich your experience and during your part-time you may meet different peoples and – uh – it provides a great challenge for you to come in – communicate with others, and you may make new friends and make money from it. It will release your economic burden of your family and it's – um – it will make your life more colorful. During your – during – during your study time in – in your university, and why it is so important to take a part-time job though, because- um – we have – you have much time in college...  
Uh. Yes, I agreeing with the point because I think a part-time job is very, very and very important because it can widen our eyes. Um. Reading the books sometimes – uh is – is – uh – boring, so doing some part-time job can reach our help and – uh – and – uh – we can make some money and – uh – learn some things – some things to support our life and our parents were happy with that because we can earn money by ourselves.  
Just as I said, have a part-time job for college students is meaningful. Now, second one, I want to said it might – have a part-time job may broaden our eyes, improve our ability. For example, have a part-time job may improve our knowledge and so on and – uh – it also helps us to be independent. Uh. The third one is like have a part-time job may make your daily life and the college life more colorful. As we all know, you have so much time and do not know how to manage. So have a part-time job, it help you to solve these questions and problems. Um. Part-time job, as we all know our parents...  
