Although, I know that smoking is not good for people's health.  I think it is important – it is impossible to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country.  First of all, many people smoke.  It is – it is the fact.  Many of them – and many of them are men.  They all can go to the restaurants for many reasons such as business and friend's parties and so on.  These – these men many times can't restrain themselves from smoking so if restaurant ban smoking, it means that this restaurant may...
Well, as far as I am concerned, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for one thing smoking is bad for the people's health.  Smoking a lot is – is really bad for your lung, for you body, and it can cause – second smoking is also bad for the people who is around you.  Second-hand smoking is more worse and – and will make people uncomfortable.  I don't like the restaurants that people – that allow – allow people to smoke because it doesn't have a comfortable environment and open real...
My opinion is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  First of all, smoking is harmful to health.  It will now have a bad influence not only on the smoker himself but also on the people who stay around the smoker.  So if someone smoke in a restaurant, all people around her have to breathe the air which has been polluted.  The probability of lung cancer will rise if a person always stay in the polluted atmosphere.  He will – in addition, restaurant place is where people eat food.  Smoking will make the environment being dirty and dirty environment...
I agree that smoking should be total– should be totally banned in the restaurant.  First of all, as we all know smoking is harmful to the person who is smoking and also to the person who are around him.  So if the smoking is not banned in the restaurant as restaurant is a place where people gather together to eat seems smoking there will be very harmful to both the person who is smoking and the person who is eating and that – and that will not harm the – harm only one person but a group of person.  Second, the smoking spends a lot of money which I think well can be...
I am agree with idea to ban smoking in public places.  I have three reasons.  The first one is that smoking is very harmful for our health.  Not for the – not only for the smokers but also for other people.  The second one is that it will interrupt others, cause during smoke the smell that will interrupt others in eating, drinking, or other things.  The third one is that it's not good for the environment because the public place is – is not big enough and the smell or the something will to come [***].  That's all.
Smoking is not good for us and it will cause cancer in our body.  Just for this reason, we should ban the smoking in restaurant and restaurant is not for people to smoke.  We should protect this environment in restaurant and let everyone have and enjoy the entertainment and have good – good feeling so that we can eat the food happy and if someone want to smoke he just can go to...
It is well known fact that millions of people die every year from lung cancer as a result of smoking.  So many countries prohibit smoking in public places, however, some people think it disturbs their individual freedom and selection.  To my mind, smoking in public places especially in restaurants should be banned.  Restaurants are for eating, not smoking.  People do – people who do not smoke suffer from fumes and smell.  The scientists are sure that passive smoking is harmful to – is harmful for our health and at the same time smoking is affected to – it's affected to our health.  For example, when pregnant woman is smoking, she should understand that will harm baby in the womb if smoking so.  Moreover, his life can be at risk.
I agree with this statement.  First, I think smoking is bad for our health.  As you know, it's very bad for lung and many people take cancer because of having smoked for large years and second I think smoking is taking lot of money, it cost a lot as we know a pack of – a pack of cigarettes can take about 20 yuan, more than 20 yuan and some even 1000 yuan.  And third last thing smoking is bad for environment.  People who smoking often drop the leftover all around the– around the ground which makes it very – makes our environment very bad and fourth last thing is sometimes...
I agree – I agree to this topic, but I think if you completely ban the – completely ban, the restaurant should place a special room for the smokers who want to smoke when they are having lunch or dinner in restaurant.  People think smoke is – lot of smoking is harmful too.
Of course, I don't like smoking.  I don't want.  I hate because I don't smoke especially in restaurants.  In restaurants, we eat something, this some place we eating, the smoking is harm – harmful to men's healthy – health, you know that.  So especially in restaurants, in bathroom that is in some place you never forbid to smoking.  Yeah, if you want to smoke please stay in public place but I suggest that it's better not smoking at all and so damn hard – damn harmful for your healthy, for your lung, so please no smoking in the restaurants.  Okay, am I right?  I have finished.  Smoking...
I think it isn't a good way to preventing the smoking because some of people are – are smoking for long time and some people in restaurant they – they are accustomed to smoking, so I don't think burn – banning all smoking in restaurant is right.  But I think it is a good way to prevent these things by dividing the area of smoking or nonsmoking.  Those people who often smoking may stay in smoking area, and it will not influence the people who doesn't smoke.
In my opinion, I think it's a – it's a good idea because I think smoking is – I – I don't smoke.  I think smoking will hurt – is not good for your health and sometimes when you smoke, you often disturb others, when others is do something the smell of smoke is – is very disturbing.  And it – it make others can focus on – it can focus on his – his – his health.  So I think – I think it's a good idea smoking should be banned.  But maybe – maybe this can't be execute now – nowadays but I – but I really want to.  Yes, I...
I don't agree with – with this idea because the smoking is so normal that we can't compare – come – we can't sub – subside [***] to separate from us.  Then maybe it's – uh – with our time and if for restaurants todays, they maybe – maybe the – maybe the – maybe the people are only so discouraged.  So I think we should – we can make some condition to discourage – to decrease this – this – this people.  We should – we can make the smoking – smoking – smoking air and not smoking air very clearly if we do this...
Should – uh – smoking be banned in – in public space? It has become when – uh – fashionable involved today to reduce smoking. So, however, although actually smoking can be harmful, I do not think it should be to compared to [***] with the – uh – positive side of smoking plus smoking and bad for – bad for his health many people who relapse. First time it's given in slow – uh – concentration, then people like to smoke – uh – people exchange or when they are relaxing with friends up – up to the point it's left to [***] throughout the world make huger profits from heavy – uh – taxes on cigarettes. It provides for which are used to – for building school, hospital and so on. The tobacco industry is also...  
I think that restaurants is a place for people to have food or chatting with their friends not for smokers to – uh – smoke and so I think it should – should be completely banned, uh, uh. The smoke should – smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants and – uh – I think smoke is a really bad habit and it's not good for health – uh – and it's very harmful thing our environment, it really influence others. So, I think – uh – so I think – uh – there – there should be no smoke in the – the restaurants – uh – and – uh – uh – and I think – uh – banning smoking in the restaurants is a really good idea. Uh. So, it's a really good idea and this will make our environment a better place and – uh – so it's good for the health of others and – uh...  
From my view, I totally agree with this point. I really hate smoking, and especially in restaurants if someone is smoking there, it makes the atmosphere very awful lot of times and it makes me not want to eat anything. So, it is very important to ban smoking in all the restaurants to give us, customers, a good environment to have meals. And maybe someone cannot quit smoking, um, but I think there should be a – this – a small period – uh – such a small period of time – um – because it's not only you – uh – in the restaurant.  
For the question smoking should – uh – smoking should be completely banned – banned in – banned at all the restaurants in the country, as for me, I hate smoking. So, I agree with the statement very much, the reason are two sides I want to. So one hand – so one hand, the restaurant is a – um – is public place. When one is smoking, someone may be hated it and – and the smoke and the smell can have a bad effect for the – to the body. In fact – uh – even – uh – if passive smoking and passive smoking has more damage for the people. Smoking in restaurant is irresponsible for – uh – for public for the – uh – and other hand – on the other hand, smoking before – after 18 something is – uh – is not very good for I think. So – um – smoking – I think smoking is...  
I disagree not as a college campus chances are that you will see students smoking. In fact, smoking is no longer uncommon for the college students. The world's streets are filling up with them. People have divided opi – uh – two opinions. Some people think college students should be banned from smoking, since smoking does harm to both the physical and the emotional parts of a young individual, especially college students, who are easy to get addicted. Others think college students should be left free to make their own d – decisions. As the adults, they should learn to be responsible for their own health and behaviors. In my opi – opinion, college students should be banned from smoking on university campus because it is a public – uh – place where students live together.  
From my perspective, I think it is absolute that smoking should be – uh – completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Uh. The reason – the reasons are as follows: Firstly, smoking in public places, especially restaurants, is very harmful for both smokers and nonsmokers. And smoking can trigger many kinds of cancers. Moreover, secondhand of smoke is more toxic. And smoking in public places or like home and hallways and restaurants may lead to the serious consequence to the – uh – interpersonal relationship of the smoker. Smoking in the – uh – public or office may cause – uh – hatred between nonsmokers and smokers. So, I think – uh – it is absolute that smoking should be banned – uh – completely.  
I can't agree this opinion totally. Smoking is – smoking should be abanded, but completely abanded. It is necessary – it is not necessary to complete abanded. Smoking is surely is not – uh – good for health so – and my father also likes smoke – smoking. So when I in home, I every day to – try to, with my father, to give up smoking, but in some opinion – a smoke – smoking also reduced – uh – pre – pressure and give – give...  
I think – uh – smoking is very bad to our health. The reason is – uh – if you take notice in some places, you will see the fact that most smokers are young people and – uh – even some are middle – eh – school students. It is very bad, eh. Why do so many smoking? I think that smoking is very pleasure some – eh – someone believed that they can refresh themselves – eh – by smoking, uh. In fact, smoking is bad habit which has great – uh – eh – harm to – eh – our health and – uh – for the our family, for the our child – uh. The – uh – study of smoking shows that many kinds of new disease have something to do with the smoking. Smoking itself...  
I – I am agreeing – I am agreeing with it, uh. I think smoking is a bad habit, uh. On the one hand, it is – it is bad for – it is bad for themselves – for themselves who is smoking, uh. It can cause a lot of – uh – disease, uh. On the other hand – uh – it is – uh – it is bad for our environment – uh – because smoking can cause lot of – uh – of – of – uh – bad things, uh, uh. At the same time – uh – uh – uh – at – at – at – at the same time smoking can cause a lot of – uh – environment problems – um – so – so I am agreeing – I am agreeing with it to banned smoking.  
Yeah, I do agree and I think the whole world should be – uh – should ban smoking and the first reason is bad health. Uh. Smoking is – um – bad for people's health and it can lead to a lot of disease, cancers. I mean the second one – um – expense. If we spend a 20 million per day to buy a pack of cigarette, then in 10 years we can buy a beautiful car. The third one is about air pollution. If everyone in this world smoked, then our planet will be surrounded by the smoke. It's – uh – uh – uh – it's bad for our planet and it's bad for our health and it used a lot of money. So smoke should be banned, right? It should be banned – um – in the nation and worldwide because it's a...  
I think that smoking should be forbidden – um – because the – the smoking isn't – is not only – isn't – uh – because the smoking is not only bad to your health, but also bad to other people's – people's health. So, I think we should forbidden smoking in the public and – uh – the smoking is bad for your lung if – if you're smoking a lot and your lung will be – will become very bad and then maybe – may – maybe you will get a cancer and – uh – and if – and then if – and the smoking is not – is – is a bad – uh – bad behavior if the children – if the children – if the children see or see you smoking in – in your home and they will imitate you. And so if you're bad smoker and then for children if you're smoking in – in your home, it's – it's very bad for the child...  
I think that smoke – global smoking forbidden is necessary. First, smoking is harmful for our health, not only for ourselves but also for the others. Second, smoking wastes money, especially some smokers are students, they have no course fees. The – the only income of them is from their parents so – and they may – they may use some part – partite through the smoking. What's more, I think smoking forbidden in...  
I agree that smoking is totally bad – uh – no matter it's for country or for people themselves, uh. First, smoking does harm to people's health and so many people as they keep smoking for – uh – uh – many years, they will have more risk to have – uh – cancer or some other health problems develop. It will be easier to be safe – uh – than other people who do not smoke in their life, uh. Second, smoking will do harm to other people, especially for children, if one's father likes smoking, then it will be dangerous for his children to grow in this...  
I think it's too much – uh – for us to banned all the – banned smoking in all the restaurants. I think it is too severe and I think smoking is more of a kind of personal choice and – uh – people know the damage of smoking, but they still choose – uh – choose to smoke, it must have some reason in it. Maybe they want to release some stress. Maybe they are – um – for some certain reason they can release some pain on their body. And – uh – we should not ignore other people's right, but I – however, I don't mean that – uh – it is okay for smokers to smoke everywhere. We can give them some particular place in the restaurants for them to smoke in. We should treat them as a...  
So I strongly agree with this fact, so in fact – uh – China I think it is – uh – impossible for – uh – it – it is impossible to – uh – to achieve the goal. Um. But still a few days – a few years ago, the government took some measures to forbid it on the streets – uh – but it's not going to work – uh – for two reasons. One – uh – uh – well first – uh – um – for two reasons, so first – uh – most of them are not included colleges – uh – second...  
And I can't agree with this because – uh – I think it is – uh – okay for people to – um – abandon smoking in the restaurants because it is a public – uh – public – uh – place and – and – uh – if someone smokes – if somewhere someone smokes, it will affected other people. Uh. But I think it is unnecessary to – uh – ban the smoking in the whole country because – uh – although and the smoking is – uh – bad for our healthy but some people the – uh – the – uh – their – their press – their pressure – the pressure is very heavy so they need one – um – approach to relate – uh – release their – um – their pressure. Um. During smoking – through smoking they can relax themselves – uh – in their life.  
I don't think so completely be banned smoking is – is to because we know although smoking is harmful for health and – but also it's not only harmful for health but also to the environment. But – um – we all know maybe for some smokers smoking is a good way to pleasure himself and refresh himself from the work stress. If completely banned, most – too – too lows – good health – heavy smoking, he maybe get crazy or is not...  
I agree that people should not smoke anymore. Ci – cigarettes, it's a bad thing and all of us should not smoke anymore. Here, I will give you some reasons. The first, smoking is harmful for health. It is not harmful for the smoker who smokes cigarettes, but for the people around – around them. We all know that cigarette has some bad thing in it. If we're smoking for long term, it's very harmful for our bodies; and second, it is – it is wasting money. We all know that smoking needs a lot of money.  
I think smoking is not completely bad. Uh. I think it's up to – um – everybody like – uh – like – um – smoking is a normal – uh – phenomenon in our society and – uh – maybe – uh – maybe some people will think – uh – too – too much – uh – you – you smoke too much you will have – uh – you will have a bad – you – uh – you will be unhealthy and something bad will be in your lungs – uh – you – maybe you are going to die. But I think – uh – some people just think they can relax when they are smoking and maybe it's – uh – maybe some – uh – uh – sometimes – uh – smoking will – uh – help them to do well in their job or get – get their – get their life – get their life – uh – more interest and like that – um – uh – smoking – uh – I think – uh...  
I totally agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants completely and in the country [***] and my family is a heavy smoker and – uh – I suffered from the secondhand smoke for nearly [***] and I think it costs and I personally I don't like smoking and I don't like to smoke [***]. I don't smoke because actually – actually – actually too much will cause death if we will send the smoke from public place and so this is bad. So, I think it does harm...  
Nowadays, some countries – uh – um-hmm – have a – have a policy and they will ban the smoking in the – in the countries. Um. As I – as I am concerned, I think that – uh – it is very good. I think smoking in the public is – it is not – it is very, very bad for the first – uh – for the first – uh – the first – um – it is very harmful for our health. Smoking is so – is so – um – is not – is so not good for our health and besides in the public we should be polite and we should do take care of other's health. It all – it is also important so I think the ban – uh – we should ban smoking in the country...  
Yes, I agree this statement that smoking should banned. As we all know, smoking is very bad for our health and also it's bad for – uh – if you are a smoker, you also will en – um – endanger the healthy of the parent – your parents, your child and – uh – your – your com – companions. As we all know that – uh – some people have died for smoking – uh – if someone smoking, it's easy for them to – to – to – to – to – to – to – um – to get cancer, all kinds of cancer, such as – uh – stomach cancer, throat cancer. All kinds of this. Smoking also is...  
I'm sorry I am agreeing with the opinion that smoking should totally banded in country and I – I do not like smoking most and I should – I mean I think – uh – it should be banded. Smoking is not harming – do harm to the smoker themselves but also can do harm to the nonsmoker. Of course, smoking is a waste of money, time, and – uh – it can po – po – polluted the environment of course. And – uh – smoking – smoking can cause a lot of disease too. And – uh – for some heavy smokers, it can cause smoker – it can cause a dangerous bias...  
Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is not harmful to themselves but also harmful to others. Secondhand smoke contains hundreds of harmful chemicals. It can cause cancer, heart – heart disease and – uh – mental – uh – problems, especially for children. Secondhand smoke can affect the health of children. Therefore, I hope all the smokers can give up smoking for themselves and – uh – also for the people around them.  
Yes. As we all know, there are many people smoking. Although everyone knows smoking is harmful to us, giving up smoking is not easy, but addicted – but addicted to – but addicted – it is quite easy that's why there are more and more people smoking. More than 90 – 90% of lung cancer caused by smoking and lung cancer risk of smokers are 18 times over the nonsmokers, besides secondhand smoke are also harm to us. It's – it also do with your – the harms of smoke. From my point of view, the best way to keep healthy is giving up smoke for smokers all good as well as for others.  
Um, uh. I think it's our good manners. First – uh – um – smoking can increase the risk of cancer for smokers, besides it's also bad for others. Um. Of course, your ordinary families, smoking will cost a big money and – uh – it's – uh – have heavy burden for the life. Um. In other words, it's really not good manners for people to have, not only for smokers but only for others – um – especially for the kids and the – the old people. Um. Yeah, that's all. It's my answer.  
I agree with this statement like – uh – smoking should be abandoned in the – in all world. I think that smoking is bad for our health, especially to men. Men – many people, especially men smoking a lot in – uh – everywhere, in every public area, in home – at home and so on, not only affect their health but affect their family and others. With more smoking – with more smoking is a bad habit I think. People should...  
I agree with the statement. Nowadays, we know there are more people smoking, not only the old, the youth, but also the middle school students have been indulged in smoking. What – what about the smoking reason? They may feel like upset with many things of daily use work. That means they can start using it to adjust – uh – their mood, but I think it's useless and just to – uh – avoid it for – uh – several times. There are many bad – many bad – uh – aspects about the smoking. It's – uh – first, it's bad for our body just like our lungs and our – with – passed through the passage. When you smoke more and more, the function of your lung and...  
In my opinion, of course, smoking is very, very harmful to our health and I can't understand why so many people like smoking too much. They're often smoking when they do other thing, even – and – uh – some – sometimes they even not realize they're smoking. I think – I think even we have – I think although we have too much pressure, but we could – uh – relieve this pressure in other ways, but not smoking. Maybe we can do some sports or have a chat with our friends or to find someone...  
Smoking is harmful. Nowadays, more – more and more people have realized that smoking can do harm to people's health. However, some peoples yet enjoying smoking. Why? Because some of them think it is a kind of fashion, some think it is of [***] at some and others think that smoking can refresh themselves. In fact, smoking is a bad habit. It can cause a lot of disease. Meanwhile, smoking is a waste of money, besides heavy smokers may cause danger to life. Smoking is harmful and it is not only bad for smoker themselves but also bad for an...  
Well, in my opinion, I – I – I do hope that we can ban totally – yeah, ban smoking totally in our country or the world because I hate it. You know it – smoking does not only – does not only, yeah, hit – not only is bad for the person who smoke it and not only but also it – it – it's very bad for others, yeah, and it pollutes the air, right? But, we have all – I – I – I also think that there are so many people who are addicted to smoking. They just cannot help it so we have to think for them – think for them, yes. So, I think we don't have to ban it totally. We can – we – we can arrange them with some smoking room so they can smoke in this limited space so – and when they get out the – get out of...  
Actually, I do not smoke at all. So – so I – I also hate smokers because my roommates, they all are smoking highly – highly meaning it's so I feel very bad when I am in the dormitory. Smoking is very harmful to one's health. It contributes a lot of lungs cancer from which many people have died in the past years. It also can cause many diseases. You know what if you smoke you – you do – um – have a much greater chance of losing your health. What's more – um – if you smoke, maybe other people will have a bad – um – bad opp – impression on you because – uh...  
In my opinion, smoking should be banned in our society. As we all know, smoke – smoking is bad for your health and it may increase the rate of lung cancer and during you're smoking the people around you will influenced because – because your behavior will harm to them as well and – uh – smoking is not a good habit. It may spend your money to buy cigarettes. It – uh – it will cost a large amount of money and – uh – if – uh – if you feel depressed you will – will want to smoking and in public...  
Um. Yes. Um-hmm. I really like this topic. It – it's – uh – still like it's a fantastic and terrific. Um. I think – uh – smoking is a bad – bad – a – um-hmm – um-hmm – a bad in this because it hurts our body and – uh – also hurts our spirit and – uh – it will have a bad effect on our lessons as well as our college life. Second, um, smoking is a – a bad – uh – um-hmm – information – information to the children because the children...  
Of course, I agree with the opinion. Uh. Smoking, it need to be burdened. Um. I have many reasons to support my ideas. Firstly, as we all know, smoking is badly for our health, many people died because of smoking every year, such as some diseases – um – come from the smoking. Secondly, some people like smoking in a public area. In my opinion, this is a very bad habit because smoking is not harmful to ourselves. Sometimes in public, you may affect other peoples. Other people may smoke a lot secondhand smoke because of you smoke in a public area. I think this is very, very...  
Although, I know smoking is bad for people's health, I think it is impossible to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country.  First of all, many men smokes.  It is the fact and many of them can't restrain themselves from smoking and they go to the restaurant for many reasons such as business, friend's – friend's party and so on.  If restaurant ban smoking, it means that this restaurant may lose many customers.  Therefore, restaurants may chose not to ban smoking in order to make small profit besides if government is willing to give up these profits.
And further smoke – smoking is bad, more money will be spent and – and it is not only economic but also very healthy.  So I do think that it is a good thing to do.  Restaurant is a place to eat food, not a place to smoke.  So if you want to smoke, you go outside; you want to eat, then no smoking, that is very reasonable and very acceptable.  I think people will – all people don't like the people who is smoking at the restaurant.  So if the restaurant want to be attractive then it should be completely banned smoking so that...
My opinion is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  First of all, smoking is harmful to our health.  It will have a bad influence not only on the smoker himself but also on the people who stay around the smoker.  So if someone smoke in restaurant, all the people have to breathe the air which has been polluted.  The probability of lung cancer will rise if a person always stay in the polluted atmosphere.   In addition, restaurants are places where people eat food.  Smoking will make the environment being dirty and dirty environment cannot attract consumers.  Undoubtedly, restaurants are public places, so they should have their own rules which can be accepted by all the people to...
Smoking cost a lot and – and especially when in restaurant when people it seems they can – it can cause a desire for them to smoke.  So if not banned, most people who is smoke – who can smoke will have a great possibility to smoke in the restaurant and that will cause a bad environment, harmful environment in the restaurant where –where the air in the restaurant will be polluted and the food will not be so fresh, so I think it should – it should be banned that the smoking in the restaurant not for the – not for the person who is smoking but also for the person who is eating in the restaurant...
I agree with the idea to ban smoking in public places such as restaurant.  The first reason is that it is harmful for health.  As you know that smoking is not only harmful for smokers but also harmful for other people who are near them and no people will like others for harm themselves.  Then, the second one is that it's not very good for environment.  Smell and the smoke will too harm for the environment.  You can imagine that white – bad smell around the world.  No, so it's not very good for smoking in public places.  That's all.
Smoking, I don't – I don't agree with the statement – don't agree with the statement.  Smoking is not good for our lungs.  It will cause cancer in our body.  Just for this reason, it should be banned in restaurant.  If someone smoke in restaurant, others will feel bad and if others absorbs to smoke, they – it may cause them get cancer and people can go to WC2 smoke, not in restaurant.  Restaurant is for people to...
Besides smoking is also bad for the smokers – smoker's self-body.  Smoking should not be persuade – persuade at any times, especially in those public places such as restaurant.  In the other hand, we live in democratic world and everyone has the right to do what he wants to do and this is freedom.  In fact, everyone must respect other people's feeling and we have to cooperate with each other.  I think that can be some – can be some smoking rooms along the street for smokers but smoking at restaurant should be banned.  [***] I want to say that banning smoking is necessary for our health measure – measure.  In my opinion, my – we have to prohibit advertisement of tobacco on mass media and parents have to explain damage of tobacco.
I agree with them that smoking in restaurant should be forbidden.  First, it is very – is bad for the health both for the smoker and the people around smoker as we know smoking is bad for lung and many people take cancer because of smoking and thirdly – secondly, I think smoking is taking a lot of money.  It costs a lot, a pack of cigarettes can take more than 50 yuan, some even take 1000 yuan.  Thirdly, I think smoking is kind of dangerous.  Some people drop the leftover who is not – who is not put off and lit a fire – and lit a fire and thirdly – fourthly I think smoking can do bad things to the environment...
Many people hold the opinion that smoking is harmful to their healthy – health but I think it is freedom for the smokers to smoke in the restaurant.  The restaurant should place a special room for the – actually really wants to smoke and I think they shouldn't smoke in public or around the people who don't like smoke.  But I think the restaurant should give – give an opportunity for smoking a special room.
Up, yeah, I got there.  That means no smoking in restaurant, am I right?  Of course, no smoking.  I don't like that.  I don't like the smell.  That's [***], well, that's not so good.  I hate it.  First, you are smoking, you affect other people.  In restaurant eating that's healthy; smoking is not healthy, the smell, come one, that is not so good for us.  Of course, this should be forbided.  Second – well, second, I will say I suggest that everybody should not smoking especially in public place. Yeah, especially in restaurants, no cigarette, don't forbid, never never smoking.  Of course, I don't smoke at all.  I hate it.  Am I right?  Am I good?
I don't – it is reasonable to ban all the smoking in the restaurant.  First many people are customer in smoking for a long time, so it is very reasonable to do this thing.  But in the other side, the smoking will – will do harmful to all the people, and there is also people who doesn't smoke should be prevent – prevented, so I think – I think this way is good to – for these things, we can divide the place into smoking area and the nonsmoking area and people can choose the place where he want to stay.
Yes, I think smoking should be banned because smoking is – the smell of smoke is – smoke is really disturbing and it – it will disturb others.  So for example, my – my father often smoke in our home, and it really make me can't – can't breathe so – so I hate – I – I hate people who is – who is smoking.  I think the people who want to smoke can stay alone and smoke herself – smoke him – himself alone and try not to disturb others.  You can stay in – in – in another space or in another room, don't smoke in front of the public.
I think the smoking can – smoking can be allowed in the restaurant, but we should separate the smoke people and the non-smoke people.  And the smokers themselves should have – have a – a sense that this is bad for children and older people.  They should keep away from these people when they're in restaurant.  And if they do this I think we don't – we – we don't have to separate them very, very, very – I don't think it's absolutely to separate them.  We just – we just have to keep them away and keep them from...
Uh. Should smoking be banned in public places? It has become fashion – fashionable in the world today to people smoking. However, although I feel that smoking can be harmful I do not think it should be – uh – banned completely. Uh. That means – that means the opposite – the positive side of smoking is smoking – uh – and other for health many people should be [***] it even improved – uh – concentration, many people – uh – like to smoke before extent of when they are relating with strength. A similar point is that governments throughout the world make a huge profit from having tax deducted – uh – on cigarettes – cigarettes. That's probably why I suppose which are used for building school, hospital and so on. The tobacco in – which is also played a important roles of – um...  
Uh. I think that – uh – banning smoking compared to the – in – older restaurants it's a really good idea. Because restaurants is for – uh – for those who want to have a food or chat with their friends, not for smokers to have a smoke and I think – uh – uh – the restaurant is – belonged to us, not just for the smokers. So, I think if the – if the smokers influence others – uh – that's – uh – that's not good. So – uh – as this is known to all, smoking is really bad for others environment. Uh. For others health – uh – health and – uh – it is not good – uh – not good for the environment. So – um – so I think – uh – so I think – uh – smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants and – uh – I think – uh – I think – uh – I – if we can imagine that, if they are not...  
Maybe, someone who are having meal with a person who is smoking, feels very uncomfortable that it is very – um – in – embarrassing for him to say it out. Um. He might think it isn't right. So if we can make this policy that we ban smoking in all the restaurants, so such – uh – such problems can be avoided. We can enjoy our time with our friends and without any cigarettes. So it is very important and I really – I strongly support such policy could be applied in the whole nation. Um. Smoking is really – uh...  
Um. For the question, smoking could be completely banned in – uh – all the restaurants in the country, I think anyway if you – if one – if one people is addicted to smoking and they shouldn't – uh – they don't hurt other – shouldn't – shouldn't hurt others – uh – and they shouldn't – they shouldn't smoking, smoking and – uh – um – in – in some public - something – uh – public places like restaurants. And the restaurants is not allowed totally for just – is – uh – the restaurants belong to – belong to the society – uh – the society or the people. And – uh – anyway smoking people shouldn't do – shouldn't – shouldn't – and smoke – shouldn't smoke in the restaurants in the country. Okay.  
Nowadays – uh – college campus chances are the university students smoking. And smoking is no longer uncommon for college students. Towards this phenomenon, people have divided up to opinion. Some people think college students should be banned from smoking since smoking does harm to both the physical and the emotional health of a young individual, especially college students who are easy to get addicted. Others think college students should be left free to make their own decisions. As elders, they should learn to be responsible for their own health and behaviors. In my opinion, college students should be banned from smoking on university campus because it's a – a public place where students live together. Smoking on campus will pose health risks to both smokers and nonsmokers. Yeah, it is a good...  
From my point of view it is – uh – very – absolutely, yeah, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in our country. The reasons are as follows. Firstly, smoking in public places, especially restaurants, is very harmful for both smokers and nonsmokers as smoking can trigger many kinds of cancers, moreover secondhand smoke is more toxic. And – uh – secondly, smoking in public places like home and office or restaurants may lead to serious consequence to the interpersonal relationship of smokers. Smoking – uh – on public places like restaurants may cause hatreds between nonsmokers and smokers. So, I think it is absolutely that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in our country.  
I also have the – I have the feel that I couldn't agree this opinion totally. I think smoking is – uh – not for health and when I – uh – come near in restaurants, so beside – people beside us if smoking we – I hate – uh – I hate this meal. But when I came to China, or when I come to Japan, the Japanese – uh – Japanese smoke – uh – Jap – uh – Jap – uh – in Japan – uh – well, some – some people have – have pressure. So, smoking can reduce their – a – uh – pressure in some – in some...  
Yeah. I think – uh – uh – smoking caused our so much money – uh – besides many place and caused by carriers of – uh – uh – smokers. Uh. Today more and more people, all over the world want to give up – uh – smoking. If you want – uh – if you – uh – asked a smoker, please don't be start. It is very good for your – uh – family and – uh – child. It is good for our future and it is good for the – uh – earth. So – uh – let's smoking – uh – no smoking in the world and I think sport – smoking will also made you refresh yourself and made you happier. Yeah – uh.  
Uh. I – I am agreeing with this – uh. Smoking also could – also – uh – also spend a lot of money and especially for those – uh – for those who – for those – uh – who – who – who can – uh – get – uh – less money. Um. At the same time I think – uh – it is – it is best for their – that family especially to child – uh. It can – uh – it is best for them to – for them to grow up. Um. Um. By the way I think – uh – I think – uh – our – our – our society should – uh – ban it – uh – and – uh – take – uh – some measures to – to get over – uh – to cover this problems.  
Right, thank you. Um. We can't just – uh – smoke – um – because just we won't smoke. We had – we have to care about others around us. Right, we – uh – I know some people are add – add – addicted to the smoking the cigarettes. But we have to – uh – care about others, and – um – we don't – some people don't want to smoke the secondhand smoke. It's bad for some – someone health. And secondly, if 20% of the people on this world to smoke, I mean 1.3 billion, our planet will be damaged by this smoke. And third one – um – the sign of the no-smoking – uh – the no-smoking sign cannot stop people smoking. Um. I think the best way to quit is to set...  
Smoking has – smoking has bad effects and – uh – effects – um – to the children because if – if he has been smoking is – as first smoking he has - has not – um – is bad – uh – to the children's health because especially for children's lung because children – child – uh – our child – our child's lung is developing. If the – if they – if the – if they smell – smell some – some bad things in their lung and then their lung will – will have – have a bad effects and – and – uh – and for the – and – and if you smoking at home, you – when your children will imitate you and they will smoking too an – um – and – and – and it's – it's where form a – form – form – form a bad smokers. So that it will be – maybe our children will teach and will – they are – they are as – and will teach your grandson, or maybe granddaughter to smoke and – uh – and it is no end – there is no end.  
I think smoking forbidden is necessary for everybody. Smoking is not only harmful for the smoker but only the people around them. The sec – as we all know, the secondhand smoking is more – even more harmful than the smoke – smoking itself. What's more, if the students start smoking then they will smoke until their – all their life. Um. And I think smoking is not good for our – for our choice and it make – make our teeth yellow.  
I agree that smoking is bad for country and for people themselves. For country, smoking will lead to crime or some other – uh – safe – uh – security things. It will do harm to social peace and for people smoking will have – uh – do harm for their health and will also – uh – hurt – uh – their friend, children or other relatives. So, I think smoking is bad – uh – and we should stop smoking or ban smoking to some degree to keep people grow up in a safe and clean environment.  
I don't agree with the – uh – thought of banning all the smoke – smokers in a res – in all the restaurants because I think it's too severe. Um. Smokers, they choose to smoke although they would know there must be some damage to their – um – health. Um. They still choose to smoke because smoking really can give them something like relieving the pain, relieving some stress. I think we cannot ignore their feelings just for – um – maybe more people's benefits. We should consider all the people's benefits. Uh. It – we – it is kind of – um – I think a right for them to – uh – to – a place to smoke. However, I don't mean that – uh – smoking caused – can smoke everywhere. I strongly suggest that...  
Um. Second, the smokers – uh – is more or less – uh – is – uh – um – much more than we expected. Uh. But as the – uh – but as this – the topic – uh – I think – uh – it is the – uh – um – um – um – uh – and even if – even if the government – uh – forbid – uh – forbid the restaurant to do it, I think – uh – uh – due to – uh – due to risking the reduction of – uh – profits – uh – restaurants – uh – uh – the – uh – the – the people – people who run restaurants are – are willing to obey the rules. Um. Um. Let alone the smokers – uh – so – uh – it is – uh – um....  
Um. I can't agree with this – the – uh –measure. Um. This measure is not proper – proper in that I think – uh – because – uh –there are many different people in our lives that... Uh. For public spaces we can – uh – stop the smoking because it's a public place for all the people, but – um – I think if they are in their homes, I think they have their rights to smoke – um – and I think many people in the – in the society have heavy pressure. They need one answer to relax the – relax their – themselves. If we – um – develop – uh – if we denied the – this right of them, I think it's too cruel for them and – uh – uh – some other people. Uh. Uh. In – uh – in our society...  
We all know if someone smoking at a restaurant the – in – the atmosphere is – uh – is very unfriendly. Also, people who are along with them will feel as the – um – a mix of something else. And if, in fact, to other people who is – who is sit – who sit in the restaurant. So if someone wants to smoke he or she should go to the restroom or other closed space, so that they couldn't have influences on other places. If someone's...  
Now, I will give you the example. My grandmother, who smoke for a long time and smoking make – makes her health, her body became weaker and weaker and now she – she can only sit on her back and she can't walk anymore, all because of smoking and she gets – uh – serious – the – today. If we don't smoke, we can have – we can live longer. This is – um – and we know that, we – we all know that smoking is very harmful and I have ever told my grandmother but she didn't listen to me and – uh – she said that – uh – I don't think it is very harmful for my body and if so, I think...  
Uh. I think I disagree this – uh –with this – uh – point – uh – this point be – because I think smoking is not completely bad. Maybe sometimes – uh – sometimes some people will it's – it – uh – smoking too much will give you – uh – will make you unhealthy and – uh – maybe your – uh – tongues seem bad or [***] before – uh – because of – because of it but when – uh – when I want – I have a interview – uh – uh – invited a girl who is from last year, and – uh – she lived in my ha – uh – house and every night she – uh – she would smoke. But I – but she thinks it's – uh – she can relax when – when he was smoking and – uh – it's a kind of life she like. And maybe smoking will – will – uh – will help – help her to do better in her job like – like – like that. And – uh –I...  
Well, smoking should be banned in – in the restaurants will come for [***] and then for, I believe, households trying out to send [***] because – uh – this [***] it will be sent, a lot of people will – um – but after all this act [***] for the public health in this, it is so [***] I still think this [***] should be allowed in public places, although [***] but especially...  
Um – in a restaurant, we should – uh – could – uh – we could – uh – tell – we could eating – uh – and – uh – but smoking because it is not a polite behavior and some people will – we will now – we will think that we have a bad manners. Uh. At the – uh – um – we – we could – uh – we could not to influence others, people who – who smokes. So – um – we should – uh – we should – should be more polite and more – um – and more – uh – pay more attention to our behaviors. Uh. I think it is very important. So – um – it is – um – it is very important for us to be – uh – to – uh – to – to obey some...  
So about the – what I say, we know that smoking is very bad for our healthy – uh – and other it's also bad for our environment. It – it will produce some else effect where carbon dioxide that will – uh – uh – bad for our environment. It also bad for our body. Our body, we can know that many people, many people, we can from the report that many people have died for – uh – died for – died from smoking. So, it's very bad for our healthy. So, I think we should ban. So I agree – agree the statement that we should ban – the statement we should ban. Um. Smoking is also – is also very...  
I agreeing with – uh – the statement – uh – that smoking should totally banded. Uh – not only because – um – of problem of smoke, but that also it's actually smoking is something very harm to our body and to the nonsmoker. And smoking is a bad habit, of course, but unfortunately I think I will inspire like, although we know smoking is – uh – not a – uh – good habits such as here and there is a number of people are falling in love with this and smoking – smoking can cause a lot of disease and – uh – it's where in our society – uh – this has the money or time and it can do harm to the smoker in the field but others and...  
Smoking have not – have only negative effects. So, it must be banned. In fact, smoking is a bad habit. It can cause a lot of diseases. Anyway, smoke – smoking is a waste of money. In fact, carelessly smokers may cause dangerous fires. Smoking is harmful and – uh – it is not only bad for smokers themselves but also bad for nonsmokers. Therefore, I hope all the smokers can give up smoking for themselves and – uh – also for the people around them.  
As we all know, there are many people smoking. Also, everyone knows smoking is harmful to us. Giving up smoking is not easy but addicted to it is quite easy. That's why there are more and more people smoking. More than 90% of lung cancers are caused by smoking and lung cancer risk of smokers are 18 times over than nonsmokers. Besides, secondhand smoke are also harmful to us. In order to reduce the harm of smoke, from my personal view, the best way to keep healthy is giving up smoke. For smokers, all good as well as for others. It's time for all governments in the world to seriously consider alternatives to the total...  
I think – uh – smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Um – first – uh – smoking can increase the risk of cancer for smokers. Besides, it's also bad for others. Um – of course, through ordinary family smoking will cost a – a big money and it's having heavy burden for the life. In real world – um – it's really a good manners for people to have not only for smoker but only for others, but esp – especially for the kids and the older peoples. Um – that's my – uh – opinion.  
Smoking should be – uh – banned forever. Because smoking is – smoking does harm to our lungs. Um – if man – if a man smoke a lot when he would – when he is young, his health will affect it – his – his – his lungs will influence a lot and the maybe affect his children. So I think and the – and the smoking is cost a lot if a man smoked – uh – much in a day. This will cost – uh – much – m – many – much money in the – and I think – I think smoking – so I think smoking should – uh – be abandoned.  
When you smoke more and more, the function of our lung and our response – respiratory passage will not work efficiently as usual. As – and as we all know scientific research shows that smoking is not harmful to smoker themselves, so. And – uh – but also – uh – also related to public health they may in – influence their families, their re – relatives. So for the sake of – uh – the smokers – the – himself, for the sake of the smokers' family, for the – for the sake of the whole world, I think they should – uh – give up smoking right now. If you don't smoke the...  
In my opinion, the people who smoking should – uh – think about their family and friends. Of course, their family and friends are very – are very – are very care about them. And – uh – everyone is very important to their family and friends. So, we shouldn't smoking too much and – uh – and ignore our family and friends' opinion. They are always loving us, so we should – uh – keep our health and – and have a longer lifetime to protect them. Smoking is too harmful to our health, so...  
Smoking is harmful. It has been established at large smoking has made up a half a – half of the population in China and the smokers are becoming younger and younger. Even include – uh – some little school students. Nowadays, more and more people have realized smoking can do harm to people's health. However, some peoples, they are enjoying smoking. Why? Because some of them think it is a type of fashion. Some think it is a – it is of [***] as far in adults think that smoking can refresh themselves. In fact, smoking is a bad habit. It can cause a lot of disease. Meanwhile, smoking is...  
Absolutely! I think smoking should be banned at restaurants, right, so at restaurants because restaurant is a place – is a public place and where people having lunch, having dinner. So smoking should abso – well, absolutely banned. First is smoking is bad for everyone, right. It does no good for everyone. And second, as I have said before, restaurants, it should be a clean place. The smoking would totally ruin people's mood if they have dinner, to enjoy their food and – uh – it – it's not – it's – it's very bad for people to see some – someone is smoking at the restaurant. So, I think the smoking should be banned in the restaurant and not only in restaurant but in public space and it would be best to ban smoking everywhere.  
Today, smoking is a rather spoiling habit all over the world. Not only in the adults that use but also middle-school students have been engaged in smoking. Many of them think that smoking is a smart symbol. However, smoking is harmful to one's health. It contributes lot of lungs cancer from which many people have died in the past years. It also caused many diseases. You know what if you smoke you do have a much greater chance of losing your health. So that, stop smoking and – uh – you can live a wonderful, healthy life. Especially for my roommates, I want to say that to – say some words to them. Do not smoking in the dormitory. Our dormitory is so disgust...  
Yes, smoking is bad. Smoking will influence – influence your health and other people's health. When you are smoking people around you will – will – will – will do harm to – to their health and – uh – smoking is – is so bad behavior. In public if you smoke, people will feel not happy with – and – uh – you – you will get just the smoking, you more and you will get just too and the smoking will increase the rate of cancer...  
Yes, I really like this topic. Um-hmm. I think – uh – smoking is a bad – uh – word, because – um-hmm – it will affect our body, our spirit and – uh – will have a bad effect on our lessons as well as our college life. Also, it will have a bad effect on our fresh health. We need that fresh health so we can survive. In the meanwhile smoking is also – will have a bad effect on the children because the children like – uh – uh – imitation. So, they will do after...  
Just as I said, I agree with the topic. Uh – the third thing I want to say is that smoke is also very expensive. As we all know, there are many expensive cigarettes all over the world and some people always buy some expensive cigarettes. It may cost probably much money and – uh – increase the burden of our – of the life. And some students around me smoking in the dormitory. This made me really upset. I think they are so selfish because the smoking impacts – impacts me and – uh – I hate the smell of the smoking. So I sometimes argue with them, but they didn't agree with me. They think this is playful even...  
