I think part-time job is important to university student; however, it cannot provide everything.  University student can gather social experience and their skills to communicate and interact with people in society from their part-time job.  However, some student do part-time job prior to their academic studies and they actually focus on part-time job, damage their grades and their study, and they cannot build solid foundation of their future career and future life.  I think that is not very worthy.  So I think if the student has spare time and energy, they can put them to a proper part-time job.  However, if they are already very busy with their study they should not...
I think that anyone in college should have a part-time job because reason one is for the financial reason, so everyone in college is not a kid, they have to prepare for their – prepare for their future and they have to ready for to take responsibility of themselves and for their family, so make some money to support their own life is a little big – little big step and reason two is for the social experience, so we are not just study – we are not just for studying our majors in school, so we have to experience a lot of people and lot of social events so once we get out of the school, we have prepared for it, so that...
Hello, I agree with this topic because I have several reasons.  Firstly, I think part-time job is very better to – to let us college students to know this world, to know this society, and it to know how – how tough the society is and it is – it is better for us to adapt to the society in the future.  And secondly, I think part-time job is very helpful for the – for our practical ability and from this part-time job, we can communicate with – communicate with other persons and we can also exchange our ideas with others.  It is...
I have to say whether I agree with that or disagree with that.  Actually, I partially agree with the point that students have to – it's better for students to do some part time job.  I think the most important thing is to find something to do – eh – after class.  It doesn't have to be a part-time job.  You can travel or you can attend some school circle or you went out with your friends.  But – but if you do part-time job, I think part-time job is – and I think it's better than – it maybe better than other things because by doing a job, you can prepare for your future.  You know, when you – when you really start a real job; the part-time experience will help you to...
I'll go with the statement that college students should have part-time job for it is the first step for them to be self-independent and also the step for them to entering into the society. It is very useful for them to have more experience and learn some knowledges that they would not learn – learn in the classroom and can help them to develop some other abilities. It is also very important for them to earn money by themselves for the college students ought to share the burden of the family and they would be proud of themselves if they could have some part-time job.  
I agree that it's important for college students to have a part-time job. The reasons are as follows. First, have a part – having a part-time job can help a – help us earn some money by our own which can share some economic burden with our parents and, uh, if we have some money of our own we can spend – spend the extra and something we – well, like we haven't something that's generally or buy something we wish to. Second, we can get prepared for entering the society after we graduate from the university. We want to be more experienced.  
I agree that the college students should take a part-time job. Um, as far as I'm concerned, my roommate, uh, my roommates all, including me, all have a part-time job during our first year in college and it doesn't really take much – take much time, but it makes us, uh, extra fortune. I think there are many benefits, uh; university students can get from taking a part-time job. First of all, they – it's, uh, tough for the students to contact with the society. Every student is usually, uh, locked in a school and do our – our academics. It's very important to have this chance. Secondly, the students can make an extra fortune and they don't have to rely totally on their parents. Someday, we have to be inde – independent from our parents. So, it is good to try to be independent now than – than some time later and also...  
I think part-time job is important for university students, because, uh, university students are in a situation before they enter the society. So, they have to do some part-time job to compact with the society and many of my classmates take, uh, part-time jobs like tutors and volunteers in museums and they find that it is a good experience to improve their abilities in many ways such as the communication with people and the way to – and the computer – and the ability to use computer skills and so on. I think part-time job is also a good way for students to balance their study and work at the same time and I think...  
I think it's important for our college students should do part-time job. My reasons are as follows. Our college students are always in contact with our teachers, our students, our folks. We are not exposed to the society. We don't know how – we don't know our – these changes happened, that happened in our society. So, I think if we choose to do a part-time job, it's good for us to make a contact with the society. The third reason is that if we choose a part-time job, we can make people...  
I agree with it, because I think it is a good chance to give yourself a good exercise. You can earn money with your own hands. Actually, it is no shame to earn bread with one's own hands no matter what kind of work he does. We can reduce the burden of our parents. We can exercise our abilities such as communicate with strangers. In my – from my perspective, the money we earned, we can not only buy new fashion things and [***], but also buy gifts for our parents, we can enjoy ourselves. Spare time is, uh, uh, in my opinion, earn money during our spare time is better than hang out. We cannot only buy things with...  
I think for college student a part-time job is important, and it's very beneficial because part-time job can provide them with social experience and their skills interact and communicate with people and they can give – and they can give them firsthand knowledge of their jobs and what – what they will do in a future career.  However, it's important to keep in mind that part-time job can provide everything and the most important task of the student is to study knowledge and complete their academic – complete their study at university, and I think if they put part-time job prior to their academic study is not very worthy because it can cause you...
I am agreeing with that topic reason one is financial reason.  So we – we can make some money to support our own little life.  That way, we can spend for ourselves, maybe it's not completely independent – financially independent but we can almost can try – always can try and point – reason two is for social experience, so once we get out of school, we are prepared for the all kind of stuff that we haven't experienced in our school.  So through the part-time job, we can meet a lot of people and experience a lot of social events so that is good for us I think.
Okay, I – I agree with this topic because firstly I think this part-time job is better for us to know this world, to know this society.  And it is better for us to know how tough the society is and we can – we can adapt to the society in future better.  And secondly, part-time job we can practice our practical – practical ability like communicate with other persons we don't know and certainly we can – we can know making money is not very easy thing and from this part-time job, we can also – it is better to help – help us to save money and let me – let us know how important...
I partially agree with the point that students – it's better for students to do a part time job.  I think that finding something to do after class is very important for students.  It doesn't have to be a part-time job.  You can hang with friends or travel or it can be some school activities.  But I think that among them part time job maybe the best to explore your regions because by doing a part-time job you can get more prepared for your future when you have to start a real job and you can – you can know friends that from – from other places, from the world that is different from you and...
Before being a college student, most students are studying very hard and spending most of their time to – preparing for the entrance examination to get into the dream school, so they don't have that kind of experience to be by themselves or take care of themselves. A part-time job is a very good practice for them to live alone or to do some job and connect with the real world. If the students cannot finish the part-time job, it would be hard for him to finish the usual job and it is a great preparation for them to do some small jobs...  
It's important for college students to find a part-time job. The reasons are as follows. First, it can help us earn some money of our own, and we can share some economic burden with our parents. We can use the money on some things we like such as traveling. Second, it will help us get prepared for entering the society after we graduate from the university. We may be more experienced and it can – it can help us find a job more easily. And the third – uh – it will make our college life more interesting and more meaningful. We need to do nothing...  
I agree that college students should take a part-time job, um. It – it can do many benefits to the college students. Not only can they have a chance to contact with the outside world and a society which may – um – which will help them greatly when they get a job. Also, it can help them to make an extra fortune. Thus, they – they should – uh – they – uh – they should not – they will not totally depend on their parents. Some people may consider that a part-time job will hurt the student's study, but I don't think so. My roommate and I, all take a part-time job when we are in the – well, in the first year of our university life, and it doesn't take much time. Still we've got a very good – uh – scores in our studies, but manage to do – uh – some extra job in the – from the internet. So, I think that it will benefit and no harm and it's a – a very good choice for the university students to do a part-time job.  
I totally agree with the statement. I think it's important for college students to take a part-time job. I think part-time job is a good way for college students to know about the society better, and I think through part-time jobs, college students can grasp skills like communications and computer skills, and it's – will be practical for their later life. On the other hand, college students should learn to balance study and work, and I think it is very useful, and some students have to earn a living by themselves. It is a good way for them to live on themselves and learn how to live independently, and I think it's an important step before they enter the society. So...  
We can meet people. We can make friends with them when we do this part-time job, and we can protect ourselves. We are familiar with the – our homework, but we are not familiar with doing the work that was commanded by our boss. We are – and we have no idea how to communicate with our boss and how to deal with the work he gave us. So, if we choose to do a part-time job we can predict our ability. So we – so we can – we can have the experience and when we are doing a full-time job, for once we can feel...  
I agree with this – uh – because I think it is a good chance to improve our abilities to communicate with strangers and – uh – uh – I can earn money with my own hands. I think it is a good chance to give yourself a good exercise. Uh. We can reduce the burden of parents and earn. And – uh – we can exercise our abilities such as communicate with strangers. The money we earn that we can buy many things such as new fashion things and the [***] and the things you lack, but also get gift for your parents – uh – you can buy some books to read – um – foods to eat, [***] to use...  
