We should ban smoking.  Some premises now say that no one can smoke cigarettes in any of their offices.  Some governments have banned smoking in all public places.  It is a good idea though it takes away some of our freedom.  As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment.  Smoking can lead to many diseases such as lung cancer.  Smoking affects nonsmokers more than it does smoker.  Ratio of passive smokers getting ill is higher than that of smokers.  So many nonsmokers are against smoking in public places [***] smoking is greater, it is connected with known effect of smoking.  That's smoking...
I disagree with the point that people should smoke – people smoke first of all cancer - smoking everyday can cause cancer and it will – it will bring up a lot of pain and much money should be paid to the hospital for cancer secondly.
I also agree the point about that smoking should be completely banned and all the restaurants because in my opinion, smoking is bad for the person and we all know that smoking may damage our body.  At the same time, the people around this people who is smoking will also be damaged and they will – they will absorb – absorb the polluted air and it will – it will also make...
These days some people say that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  I agreed that totally.  Smoking should be banned in restaurants for various reasons.  The first reason is that smoking is bad for the – the first reason is for the health and safety of people.  Respect for nonsmokers that have chosen not to smoke is also another important reason.  Although, people do have the freedom of choice to choose if they want to smoke or not, smoking should be banned in restaurants because tobacco smoke is a health hazard and restaurant...
I think I couldn't agree with more.  I think not only the restaurants should ban the smoking but all public places should ban smoking especially in restaurants because there are always many people sitting around in the restaurants and eating, chatting with friends and smoking can make damages to our health, not only for the smokers but for some others else and non-smoking.  I think smoking is very personal – personal issue, so I think you can't influence others, dis – disturb others.
Restaurants and all of the country that I don't think – really think so.  In my opinion, smoking should be banned in all public places but shouldn't be completely banned all of the country.  And the reason why I think because smoking should be banned in public places is that when – when some people smoke in public places, the others have to – the – the others would be influenced by the smokers, which – which isn't pleasant.  While on the other hand if they smoke in their private places, I think it's just okay.  If we ban smoking all – all over I think...
I think that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants around the country because – because I think there are many reasons.  Firstly, I think smoking is prohibit especially in the restaurants where it will harm to other people.  The other one smoking can pollute the air and some poison in the smoke can do harm to our lungs and this may result in many diseases and [***].  And secondly, I don't think the smoking in the restaurant is a civilized behavior and today may have a lower quality and they will be often throw the – the cigarettes anywhere in the restaurant, this will – this will...
As far as I am concerned, smoking should be banned in all the public places such as restaurants, theaters and public squares.  On the one had, smoking is harmful both for smokers themselves and others.  It is reported that every year smoking cause millions of deaths around the world.  On the other hand, smoking pollute the air.  Just imagine that you are sitting in a restaurant full of smoke, how can enjoy your meal there.  Besides smoking is bad for the elevation of country's image in the world.  So I think smoking should be banned in all the public places.
I think as far as I am concerned, smoking should be banned in all the places such as restaurants, theaters, and public square.  On the one – on the one hand smoking is harmful both for smokers themselves and others.  It is reported that every year smoking cause millions of death around the world.  On the other hand, smoking pollutes the air.  Just imagine that you are sitting in a restaurant full of smoke, how can you enjoy your meal there, so I think smoking should be banned in all the public places.
Nowadays, banning smoking in a restaurant is a hot topic between people.  Some people think that smoking should be completely banned at restaurant in country but others think smoker should not be completely banned at those places, but most of people who supported the – who support the second opinion are smokers.  From my point of view, I think smoke should be completely banned at the public places.  Smoking is harmful both for the smokers and people nearby.  Places such as restaurants are public places and smokers could not do such things to do harm to others.  Otherwise, smoking can cause a lot of diseases such as lung cancer and so on.  What...
I think smoking should be banned in all the restaurants.  It not only hurt smokers but people around smokers.  I remember that there were reports about danger of smoking which claimed that second-hand smoke is more dangerous.  Once, drawn into the lungs, it may convert some cells into cancer cells with nuclei multiply.  The person is [***] die.  So smoking is a way to kill oneself and the people around them.  Why isn't – isn't it banned?  In the restaurant, people around you is not familiar with you, right and did you have to be killed or get damage...
There is no doubt that smoking is one of the most cruel killer in the world.  Until now not only smokers but secondhand smokers suffer from poisoned smokes – smoke and disease resulted from it.  Many public places find that no smoking but it doesn't work.  However, I insisted that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  In my opinion, smoking is direct way for suicide [***] and murder.  Smokers hurt their own lung and at the same time the people around the smoker also breathe in the – in the poisoned gas especially...
I think – I think smoke should be banned in every restaurant and some public place because the public place which means it's public.  It's gather – well, in some place where gather many people and because of this smoking will cause a lot of pollution in air.  This air pollution will cause the disease and do some harm to many people's healthy.  And I think it should be banned because health is the most important thing for every – for everyone and we needed to – we needed to show our concern for healthy and we know everybody wants a long life and some enjoyable and comfortable life.
I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants.  Reasons are as follows.  It is well known fact millions of people die every year from lung cancer at restaurants or as a result of smoking.  Many countries prohibit smoking in public places; however, some people think it's disturb their individual freedom [***].  To my mind, smoking in public places especially in restaurants and places should be – must be banned.  Restaurants are for eating not smoking.  People who do not smoke suffer from fume and the smell and the scientists have showed that passive smoking is harmful for our health at the same value.  Smoking is not – is not – smoking is...
Of course, smoking is a bad thing for our health.  It can make our lungs dirty and it will make our life shorter than if you don't – if we don't that.  [***] that.  Also, it's a – it's a lot of – it's a lot of money.  We will spend so much money on the smoking part, also one part for individual and for other if you smoke, you will hurt other people's health and also [***] in the public will be published.  So I don't think – so I think it's necessary to setup no smoking area and – and everybody know that it's a must – it's a must.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  Smoking has proved to be closely linked to many different kinds of major diseases such as cancer, heart problems, and lung diseases.  Doctors also warned us of nicotine, tar, and many – many other toxic substance contain in the cigarettes.  We are even informed that cigarette smoking may [***] not only smokers but also the nonsmokers.  Statics show that smoking takes life of millions of people in the world every year.  All this lead us to believe that smoking does kill.  Through educating himself and strengthening his own willpower, every individual should resist the temptation of cigarette.  Society as whole have to enhance health awareness.  Health institutions are supposed to show their responsibilities of...
Smoking is absolutely not a good thing, so we – we must ban it, but we needn't ban it right now completely because there are so many people smoking everywhere and if we ban smoking immediately, there must be a lot of controversial statement and it may cause some [***] thing, so we – we can't ban smoking, but we must ban in a – in a right way, not in this way and – and...
I will say – I will say no to this topic because I think smoke or not smoke is a free right for everyone.  Everyone has the right to try to smoke or not smoke.  The smoke is of course is not healthy and maybe affect others.  It is always considered as a bad thing, but we suggest the students not to smoke but cannot force them.  They have the right to choice smoke or no smoke.  The college should set more smoking room or smoking corner for the student who just cannot stop smoking.  So I think it's considerable choice, so cannot force them to	 stop smoking.
I agree with this opinion because as we all know smoking is harmful for people's body, so if somebody is smoking at the restaurant, the people around him or her will feel uncomfortable and everybody has – has the right to enjoy the fresh air.  So I think the restaurants should ban people smoking in it.  People can – people can smoke in special room.  If they do so – if they do so, they can smoke and other people can enjoy the...
I can't agree more with the topic that people should be banned completely – should be – should be banned smoking completely.  First, smoking brings us illness and death, so why not have it banned and without cigarettes, we also can – we – we also can come up with better way to express a friendship to and to make us refreshed and – and also cigarettes is a major threat to people's life – to people's life and it causes cancer.  Finally, I want to say that although cigarettes may – may make some people feel...
I agree this action very much.  I think smoking in the – in the restaurant is not very right to – to others.  So – so who – who smoke in the restaurant must – must be banned – be banned.  Smoking is very harmful to our health, and – and I – and I feel smoke on the people – the people besides you - you may – maybe – may be...
I think smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in our country.  You know when I was a child my father also smoked in our house and I have – have cough and don't feel very comfortable and I hate the smoke smell now.  So I believe in the restaurant, there are many women and child [***] they are not like the smoke well, they need a healthy environment.  So for their health, I think it should be completely banned and beside I think smoking in the public occasion is not a pride way and is not what a gentleman should do.  So smoking – so smoking should be banned in the – in the restaurants in our country.
Well, as for this topic, I don't think it's necessary for us to forbidden the smoking totally.  For example, maybe sometimes smoking can help us – well, can help us, yeah, thinking.  But smoking too much isn't – is very, very, very bad, is very bad for health so – so we – sometimes we may use smoking to help us thinking but we can't use it, we can't smoking too much, that's all.  That's all.  I still have time?  Oh, kidding.   Also smoking...
I agree smoke is bad to our body and it – it also make cause – cause some problem to the environment and it may – may also – may also and it can...
Yes, I agree that, uh, smoking should be forbidden.  Um, because I think – at first I think smoking is bad for – bad for the long-term health.  And, um, and second, I think smoking is bad for everybody's long-term health and smoking is bad for – bad for skin because I am a girl, I – I really – I'm really careful of my skin and if people smoke a lot and their skins get it worse.  Uh, uh, and, uh, smoking can, uh, can affect the non-smokers and then let other people smell bad, yeah, um, uh...
Allowed, um, I agree with this opinion.  I think smoking should be allowed completely.  I have two reasons.  The first, um, the healthy, um, of the people who smokes themselves is very important, um, but, uh, stop smoking absolutely is good for their health.  And second, I think smoking is also bother others in a public place.  For example, I – in my part time job, um, I – I don't like – I don't like people who, uh, who smoke all the time like...
I think it's quite a good idea and I will, uh, state some reasons to support your idea.  And the first, smoking is, I would say, oh, no, it's not good for our health and only by this way, um, can people, uh, smoke less.  And if they smoke in public areas it will also cause some harm to, uh, other people, not only themselves.  And second, if and there are rules like this people will smoke less than before.  If there's lots – there are lots of rules like this and they will, um, they will unconsciously smoke more.  And the next one, in public areas and there are many children – children and they will...
I agree with the argument.  We know it that – uh – smoking is very bad.  They kill more people than a [***] car accident and – uh – so on.  Smoking – many people die from lung cancer and heart disease each year from smoking.  So I honestly think it should be banned and – uh – I'm XX – I'm XX years old, but I don't smoke.  My grandfather died of – uh – lung cancer about X years back and it's just cause a great sense of denial and emptiness if uh – if they – if I lose – if you lose someone who is at the [***].
Okay then I will tell you something about my opinion about this question.  I agree with this opinion, so I think smoke should be banned in the country.  Then I will tell you some reasons about it.  First, I think – first, I will say I don't smoke.  It is bad for our health and I don't like people smoke in the public space.  Then second, I think it disturbs – smoke in the public space disturbs others.  So we shouldn't do that thing.  Third, I think smoke makes the environment poor, so it should be banned in the country.  That's my opinion about this question.
In your words I don't – I disagree with that statement of smoking is completely banned from all the restaurants because the restaurant, it belongs to the service industry.  And the [***] of the service industry is to meet the consumer's – to meet the consumer with what they want and what they do.  But the consumer – the type of the consumers is not just one.  Someone like to smoke, but someone don't like to smoke.  So complete ban – ban – ban – banned of smoking is not so good I think.  We must – we must – uh – we must – uh – we must – uh – repeat – we must – we must say that the [***] we could...
I agree with the smoking should be stopped in the restaurant because the restaurant is a place to eat.  Smoke is – terrible [***] if you eat the food.  And it's not good to [***] here, so it should be stopped.
Uh. Si – since many countries have passed the – uh – the laws to ban smoking in public places, so I think we should also ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in our country. And as we all know smoking does huge harm to people's health, both for smokers themselves and the others who are besides – uh – who be besides them. Uh. On the other hand, when – when – imagine that when you are in a restaurant and – uh – smoking, the smoke rise and – uh – rises and – uh – fulfilled the house, how can other people have their meals, especially some...  
Uh. Someone did survey on the – on smoking. They – the survey show about 200 people, 3% of the students got the – um – smoke. This is a badly news. It's bad for our health to smoking. It can make all smoke inside the lung and lung become more and more black, and if you're often smoking, it's bad for your family also because they do – as there is a lot of smoke into their body. I think some students smoke for fun. However, it's a bad habit. I think some students smoke. Um, uh. They can do some exercise...  
So, in my opinion, that I agree that smoking should be banned – uh – in our – as well as in our office from trying this – from – and – uh – also I think because that – the – the smoke is – smoking is harmful for our people. So – uh – if the thing – and the people they can now – they will all live a better place. Also, in some public place people, they always – if – use – at least smoke in – either smoke – either in – and smoke again to – just tell to stop it.  
I agree with the topic. I think smoking is harmful to health and we will – uh – improve the – uh – health of the – uh – smokers – uh – if – if they – uh – if they are banned to – if they are banned to smoke, they will smoke – uh – less – uh – and – uh – uh – will do – uh – do less harm to their body. And – um – also – uh – ban – um – banning smoking can provide – uh – good environment for other customers – um – uh – and for the restaurant – uh – it will also – uh – easier to – uh – clean- um...  
I disagree to – uh – prohibit smoking in the public space – place. So since I think that it is for a freedom for the person to smoke. Although we also know that – uh – smoke is very bad for the health, but I think we should – uh – keep a special place for them to smoke or we can have the special – special food or some special things instead of smoke. But we don't have the right to stop them to smoke. I think it is a respect to the individual freedom. So, I disagree to prohibit smoking in the public place. For example – um – if a person feels upset they will have the way to – to have the stress come out – come out or come off. So, I...  
Of course, I disagree because at first – at – at the – as firstly, it's – uh – it's – uh – to – it has a long his – traditional history from generation to generation. And secondly, it has a huge market through the world and every country I believe that hundreds of – uh – many million – hundreds of people would like to smoke, including men and women. Thirdly, it do not harms to a human's health if the people can control it, the account. The fourthly, it can protect the environment cause the most – uh – most – uh – most smoking is for – from the cigarette and the cigarette is from the – the herbs and the plant herbs it can ab – absorb the – out the carbon dioxide...  
Well, as – um – of they asking me guidance, smoke should be – must be forbidden in the society and so it's – uh – not – uh – good for the person who is smoking and not to the person who is around the smoker. We know that – uh – smoke contains many – uh – the harmful – harmful things. It's – uh – bad for our healthy and also the – the secondhand smoke – uh – is more harmful. So, it's not safe for the – those people who do not like smoke, do not want to smoke, but they have no choice. This is not fair. And also – uh – in fact, nowadays, the cigarette is – has now tripled up at – uh – least some reason I think, so many people – I know many of my friends...  
I disagree. I mean there's some smoking everywhere. There are 6.5 millionaire people in the world and – and about a 1.2 billionaire of them are smokers which made up to 20% of the world's total population. Smoking is very harmful, it's very bad. Smoking costs a – a great a – a great – a lot of men still waste a $200 million each year in the world, uh. Second, smoking does harm to healthy of the smoker and even people near them, about – uh – 3 million...  
I quite agree with this opinion for the following three reasons: First, smoking is harmful not only to the person himself but also to the surrounding people. It is just like killing. We cannot permit killing, right? Many people actually get lung cancers because of such secondhand – such passive smoking. And the second, there are many – most – uh – there are many restaurants that have smoking areas and therefore people can smoke in the permitted areas. Last – uh – but not least, to ban smoking is also good for the smoker's health. It is good for their children and it is good for their family. So based on the three points, I quite agree that restaurants should banned public smoking.  
I partly agree with the opinion that smoking should be banned all over the country. Uh. For the sake of the smoke – smoker's own health, it is – uh – it is better to quit smoking and also for the health of the people – oh – uh – around the smokers and banning – banning – uh – banning smoking all over the country may do good to the health of most of the citizens. But it is the citizen's freedom to smoke. If we ban smoking all over the country, it's uncons – it's in conflict with the spirit of the constitution. So, I think smoking can be banned in some public places, such as – uh – underground and – uh – uh – underground stations or restaurants, but in some places smoking is justifiable.  
I agree that the smoking should be banned. First of all – uh – not smoking is good for smoker's own health. It helps out the – them. It helps them live a long life and also healthy life. As we can see that most smokers – most smokers' teethes turn to yellow color because of the smoking, that's bad for their health and then – then the next – some – some people say that smoking should only be banned in some public places, but as I say – um – smoking at home should also be banned because the smoke is harmful for their children and also their family members. I think a man should be responsible for other people surround him also and the next one – uh – smoking should – uh – also attribute to the world's pollution, uh, eh.  
I think it is necessary to ban smoking all over the country. First of all, smoking does harm to the people who smoke. Um. There are more and more scientific research show – showing that smoking is related to lung cancer. Um, uh. The – the people who smoke cigarette – um – suffered more risks than the – than those who don't and – uh – they can get a cancer. And secondly, smoking is no – that is not good for the environment. The smoke can make the air in the city more and more polluted. The air...  
Uh. From my point of view, smoke – uh – smoking should be banned in public place – places. Uh. First – uh – because – uh – in public places there are many people so they may be easily exposed to secondhand smoking – uh – uh – environment which is to some extent bad for their health if someone smokes in public place. Moreover, if smoking isn't bad – banned in public places – uh – many people may smoke where – uh – wherever they like. As a result, the surrounding environment will be polluted, uh. What's more, smokers themselves may be likely to get disease. Uh. In the world in order to create a healthy and ease the harmony environment – uh – uh – as far as I am concerned, smoking should be banned in public place – places.  
Um. I think – um – I've – I myself – uh – don't agree with this statement. First of all, I think that – uh – cigarettes and tobacco is actually a part of our economy nation – nationally and also it's kind of an important in the – an important sector of international trade and our economy will – uh – will – perhaps our economy will collapse if we just take this part out of it. And secondly, I think it's an important sector in our social activities – activities, especially for entrepreneurs and some male come – and some pre – presidents or some – um – important figures. And sometimes I think it's important for – it's necessary for people to relax because some – because man usually will smoke as a two – one or two cigars to relax themselves after a hard day's work and I think that it's important for a nation to win tax.  
I think that smoking should be banned in public places because it is extremely harmful – re explained on the re – the reasons as follows: First of all, there is no doubt that smoking does harm to the health of human beings. So, smoking must be banned for the sake of other's health. Um. Secondly, there has been a great – uh – increase in – uh – fire accidents – uh – caused by smoking in recent years and we have also seen the ground littered with cigarette and thus smoking proved to be a source of pollution for the environment that's very, very harmful for ourselves. So, smoking in public places should be seen as an immoral behavior and a unhealthy – unhealthy behaviors.  
I do think that smoking should be banned in all public areas in China and I think actually it was – uh – exactly stated by our public regulations published recently. Because, firstly, smoking is really harmful to the health and the mental states of the – uh – smokers as that contains the harmful materials like nicotine and other things as well shorten their lives and – uh – worsen their health state. And secondly – uh – especially for public areas, smoking is no longer a private thing but something will harm the welfare of others around. So for the sake of others, you should regulate yourself and do – uh – and do – do something too for – for the sake of the public. And for the situations I think smoking should be banned completely and totally and more measures ought to be taken to – uh – make sure of it.  
Just there's some people say that smoking should be banned anywhere in the country, but I – I disagree with this statement because I think smoking – uh – is harmful, it's right, but it's a free choice of – of – uh – every person. You should not make decision for them. If they want to do harm to their health, it's their choice. We have – uh – we have – uh – we – we should not – uh – we should not stop them to do so because we have no right to stop them. For us, we just – uh – we can just insist our idea and our belief, um.  
From my point of view – uh – smoking should be completely banned in the whole country, because smoking is very harmful to people's health. It is also a way of wasting money. People is addicted to smoking will be very harmful to his – uh – to his – to his magnificent feelings. People consider it as – many people consider it as a way of relaxing. From my point of view it will – it was – it was – it was not good. People can select many healthier way of come – way of relaxing, such as running, jagging – jogging and swimming.  
Uh, I agree with the statement, as our knowledge on smoking is very harmful to both smoke – to both smokers and other people – uh-huh – uh – for both smokers and other people. Uh – and – and for the smokers, smoking do harm to your lungs and – uh – you will get lung cancer. Um. As for the other pe – as for the other people – uh – you will – uh – sec – uh – actually you will smoke secondhand – uh – secondhand – uh – [****]- um – and as well the environment as well and do harm to the environment, um. But for me you're very good.  
I think – uh – smoking should be forbidden, because it's very harmful for our health, not only for oneself but also will – uh – seriously affect people around you. And – uh – maybe someone will refute that smoking is a good way for their relaxation, but – uh – I think there are many other more healthier ways to – uh – for them to relax like doing sports, like listening to the music. They are not – I think health is the most important things we should take consideration. If we don't have good health, we will regret in our own time and so I think smoking is – should be for...  
I agree. I think smoking should be banned completely in our country in – in the most restaurants. I think smoking does harm to people's attitude and when people near me start to smoke, I feel disgusting. The smoke – the smell of the smoke – smoking is very bad and I think people who smoke is maybe he has a bad manner because he smokes in the public place; and even if you smoke in the private place, I think it isn't – not rightful because it does harm to yourself and your health is very important. So smoke can help people maybe relieve their burdens, but it is just a method and it is not lasting. I think people should think it over before they smoke in the restaurants because restaurants is a public...  
I support that smoking should be banned everywhere in the country and I have a good reason for that. First of all, smoking is bad for our health. We all know that if people smoke a lot, it will damage his lungs and – uh – increase his chance to get cancer and – uh – smoking cannot only hurt his own health but also it's bad for people who are around him. So, I think smoking should be banned in public place – places. Besides, when people smoke, there will be ash and – uh – rubbish everywhere and it may destroy the – the environment and – uh – it will be hazard for those who work hard to clean the road. So, I think it's bad for people to smoke and I think it should be banned for them to...  
I agree that smoking should be banned – uh – in some public places in the country. Firstly – uh – smoking is bad for our health. The – the – the – the person who smokes will – will certainly do some harm to his own health, but also the people who smell in – who smell the cigarette will also cause some damage to his health. Secondly, smoking – the smoke is – uh – the smoke will cause some air pollution, and – uh – as we all know the air in our city is now – now worse and worse, so we should – uh – prevent smoking in order to protect the air. Third, finally – uh – smoking in some certain places will cause damage, for example, while a person smoked in a foreign...  
Um. Yes, I think that it's very good to – for government to have the ban to – to – uh – prohibit the smoking in all the restaurants in ac – across nation. As we all know that smoke – uh – that cigarette contains many – uh – harmful – uh – harmful materials like nicotine and – uh – as well harm our own health and other people's health and as well also pollute the air, and – uh – if the – the restaurant is a very small places – uh – we will – um – and we're all sitting here and to eat and – uh – the – and the smoking will – the smokes – uh – smokes will – uh – affect the air quality and will impact our – um – our – uh – bone – bone to – have our bone, teeth and – uh – our life health and it will make us feel very – um – duh – uh- uh – uh – disgusting. So, I think – uh – smoke must...  
I am – uh – not totally agree with the statement. Although smoking will – um – harm people's health and – uh – uh – cause – uh – lung cancer – um – smoking also – um – makes some people to relax, to relieve pain. And – uh – as – uh – restaurants is a public place, they should be – uh – satisfy all kinds of people's need, not only the nonsmokers but also the smokers. And they – uh – also the restaurants could set a certain – a particular place for the smokers they can – they only can smoke there and the nonsmokers in another place, so they will not be affected by the smoking. And this – uh – in this way, we can respect the rights of all peoples – um – and they in the...  
Um. Yeah, I am agree with – uh – I – I think – uh – smoking should totally be abandoned – uh – throughout the country, uh. First – firstly, I think – uh – smoking is very harmful to the health, not only – uh – the health of the smokers but also of the people around, uh. Since – uh – when you have a baby at home – uh – it will be – uh – the smoking will do harm to its health too, uh. And some – uh – lots of people say – uh – smoking is a way to release their stress. I don't like to say. There are so many ways to release the stress, why smoking. It – it means you can go – uh – go to play tennis and do some sport. It is good for your body. Uh. It – it's...  
Uh. I disagree with the idea. Yes, I must admit that smoking is not healthy for people, but we can't ignore the fact that smoking for some people is – is they are – uh – in part – uh – is they are an important and a necessary part. Exactly, smoking not very too much, just smoking a little is not – uh – uh – um – are not so harm to people. And besides smoking, the production of tobacco can also have a great profit to benefit many countries – developing countries. So ban all – uh – uh – uh – smoking, firstly, it's impossible; and the secondly, it's – it's not – it's – uh – no – no benefit to – to people all – all over the world.  
I am agree with this topic. I think – uh – smoking should be banned in the public place – uh – because – uh – as we all know, the smell of smoking is very disgust and – uh – take me as an example. My father is a smoker and he always smokes – uh – in front of us – uh – but I know it has a lot of bad effect on us. It can – uh – make our body unhealthy and I think – uh – smoking should be banned – uh – in the public place because – uh – many people would – will suffer from this – uh – from the smell of the tobacco and also it had a bad effect on our lungs. And I think – uh – the government should take – uh – actions to ban, to – uh – prohibit the smokers' smoke in the public place and – and I think the smoke...  
Well, I disagree with this opinion because – uh – I agree with this opinion because smoking is both harmful to – to the smoker and – uh – the people around him. If the smokers – if the smokers – if we allow smokers to smoke freely, they – they will – they will smoke as much as they can and that will do damage to their lungs and their e – eventually their – their – their – their health – their health and they cannot live as long as ordinary people who don't smoke. So – and you know secondhand smoke is very harmful to the people around – around the smoker because – and – and this damage is even more serious than the damage that is done to the smoker himself. So to – for your – uh – for the smoker's sake and for the people around him, I think we shouldn't allow them to smoke and...  
Yes, I agree with the topic because – uh – I think smoking is really bad for our health. Even for – um – even if we smoke just for a little bit, the smoke is still in our lungs. Uh. It remains in our lungs and – uh – the smoke itself contains a lot of dangerous chemicals that even humans cannot – um – cannot get rid of it. So – uh – so – uh – yeah, it is a very – it is very true, very – um – a positive way to ban – uh – smoking from – uh – our country. And – uh – although – um – he said that – uh – smoking – uh – smoke – uh – cigarette – I mean cigarette company has – uh...  
I agree. Um. I think somebody will – will say – uh – no harm because we think smoking – smoking can – uh – certainly reduce – uh – pressure at the same time but – um – if – uh – there are many ways to – uh – re – rele – release pressure. I think – uh – that like – uh – running or listening to music or something like that. And – uh – smoking is the first way I think and it's not – not only do harms to yourself but also do harm to – to other peoples and even – and even the – the – the fact that and – and even though you have so much pressure, you can never do such things are too – too – too bad and I think they can...  
Uh. I agree with it because I think smoking is harmful – um – and there are some – three reasons – uh – for the person know – uh – I think it's better for his or her own health – uh – and if – uh – she or he smokes a lot – uh – she will get sick and his lung will – uh – become – uh – better and better – worse, worse and worse. Uh. And the second for he or she's family mem – members, as we know – uh – secondhand smoke is much more harmful than the one-hand smoke – uh – if – if there are – uh – if – if one smokes – uh – the – he or she's family members will get more hurt – harm – uh – and if – uh – uh – for a man – for a woman with a – huh – uh...  
I think we should ban smoking in our country – um – because smoking or the to – tobacco is very bad for our health and – uh – it – the – it will also do harm to our society because if one people smoke year – uh – for many years – uh – he may be very – uh – weak and we and the society may lose the labor. And – um – do you know that many people die of smoking tobacco every year so smoking is very – a very bad action – um – in our society. So, we should ban smoking in our country because – um – if there are smokers in your home...  
I don't agreement with the op – opinion, because we know that it is not – it is – uh – giving up the smoking habit – uh – uh – some incentive – uh – uh – the government told them – tell them to give up this habit –habit, they will feel very anxious and may – they may smoke more. Also – uh – smoking can help them relax and – uh – if they want – someone wants to smoke – uh – it is his or her right. And – uh – yeah – also I think that – uh – in the public areas we should – uh – they should not smoke, but in the privacy areas – uh – they – uh – they – uh – it is their right and – and – uh – if – and the smoke industry will be destroyed if we banned smoking throughout the country and many people will lose their jobs and it is...  
And I partly agree with this suggestion – suggestion. As we all know, smoking – uh – does harm to people's health – uh – and – uh – uh – theoretically it should be banned in public places, because – uh – if people smoke they do not harm their – themselves but also – uh – be harmful to the people around them. However – uh – we all know it is very hard to quit – quit smoking so – and I think we should – uh – uh – understand the people who are addicted to the smoking. Uh. We should – uh – uh – have a certain rule for them to – uh – smoke and because – and – and – uh – if this do not disturb – disturb others, it can be accepted. Smoking – uh – I think, we can...  
Firstly, I think in nowadays' society and many people – uh – have much pleasure in their jobs or study so – um – we can understand that these people need smoking to – uh – relax – uh – but actually smoking is – uh – unhealthy, is not good for us. So – uh – I think we will – uh – abandon this – uh – this behavior in our – uh – society, in our nation. Uh. But – uh – because of this – uh – if we abandon that – uh – smoking – uh – many companies will – will shut off, so it will affect a lot and makes a big difference. So – uh – I think before we abandon...  
Uh. As for me, I hate smoking very much. So, I don't like smoking – uh – and I think it's not appropriate for smokers to smoke in public areas, because it does not only here hurt their health but also hurt other's health, besides it destroys – uh – our city or our country's image and it – uh – uh – it damages the environment. But I think this is not the reason for us to deprive the rights, the interest of the smokers. So, I think – uh – maybe we should not ban the smoking completely. We should – uh – we should give them smoking room for the smokers because for – as for them smoking is a part of their life. So – uh – I think we should – uh – we'd like...  
And I think I agree with the topic that – uh – uh – the smoking should be banded in all – all – all of over the – uh – the restaurants. Uh. First – uh – firstly, I think it's harmful to everybody's health, especially other – uh – other's – other's health and you may like smoking, but I think it's a private activity and we shouldn't – uh – compelled it and on to other people. Um. When you are smoking in a public – uh – public – uh – a place like a restaurant, it must – may spoil other's – um – health; and secondly, I think it has – uh – it's very bad for the – uh – restaurant's reputation and why there is some bad smells and it will spell – spoil other's mood as well. So, I think – um – smoking in a public area, especially in restaurants, is very bad for we eat food in the – uh – in restaurants and we have...  
Yes, I agree. We all know smoking is harmful for our health and the restaurant is a public place for people to eat meals. Smoking in restaurants is very rude. Also, the taste of smoke is very bad. It will have a bad effect on the other people in the restaurants. Last but not least, we all know passive smoking is very bad for our health. When you smoke, other people in restaurants, including your friends, will get passive smoking. So, banning smoking in the restaurants is very necessary for us and I hope that there is nobody smoke in the restaurants from now on.  
I think – uh – it should – should banded. Uh. I – um – I don't like – um – some people smoking in public – uh – and also – um – more and more people think – um – smoking in public is not good. Um, um. And – uh – um – some – some restaurant is – uh – is a – um – five star and – and – and the – and there are no – um – uh – and there is clean – clean and – um – comfortable and if smoking in there then it's not good and – uh – um – some people in it – uh – in will see residue of...  
Of course, I agree. I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants for various reasons. We all know that smoking is harmful to our health; however, secondhand smoke is especially harmful to lungs of – uh – persons with asthma. Tobacco smoke is a pull for trigger of asthma symp – symptoms. That is why I am extremely to – agree that smoking should be banned in the public so that the nonsmokers should – will live in a bad place. Furthermore, the secondhand smoke causes heart disease and disturbs the child physical development. So, banning smoking is public place – in public place such as – uh – restaurants is the best idea.  
I agree with this statement. The following can support my point of view: Smoking is bad for our health. When people smoke cigarettes, it will produce some harmful gases. You know if these harmful gases enter our body, people may suffer from lung cancer with them going on. And at last, people may die of cancer. On the other hand, smoking – when people are smoking, they will form an atmo – atmosphere. This atmosphere will make people feel uncomfortable or even dies. It is completely bad for people around...  
Today, smoking is a widespread habit all over the world, not only the old, the youth, but also middle school students have been engaged in smoking. Many of them think that smoking is a smart symbol. However, smoking is harmful to one's health. It contributes to a lot of lung cancer from which many people have died in the past years. It can also cause many other diseases – disease. In other word, if you smoke, you do have a much greater chance of losing your health. Furthermore, scientific research shows that smoking not – is not only harmful – harmful to smokers themselves but also a threat to public health, especially to woman – women and children. Therefore, many countries have made – made laws forbidding smokers to smoke in public places, such as cinemas, stations, hospital...  
Nowadays, more and more people have realized smoking can do harm to their – people's – uh – health. However, some people still enjoy smoking. Why? Because someone like think it is a kind of fashion, some think it is great fun, and others think that smoking can refresh themselves. In fact, smoking is a bad habit. Smoking is a waste of money, besides heavy smoker – smokers may cause lung cancer. Smoking is harmful and it is not only bad for smokers themselves but also bad for non – nonsmokers. Smoking caused more...  
And of course, I agreeing this statement because I think smoking is very harmful to smokers. Also, smoking is harmful to nonsmokers who are always victims of secondhand smoking. And the smokers may have bad influence on their choosing an [***]. Maybe – uh – there was somebody say that – uh – said that or somebody say – um – smoking – uh – sounds cooler, smoking is good and smoking gives rise to the – uh – to the – uh – tobacco industry and – uh – constituted a large income to government finance – uh – but I don't think this is a reasonable reason because – um – smoking is very dangerous for our health. There are only disadvantages of smoking, yes, on...  
And so – um-hmm – I agree with the – with this statement that smoking should be abandoned in the public place. Uh. You know – um – smoking is a – is – um – not good to our health and if you smoke – smoke too much, you will have more cancer – uh – you may have at least higher chance to get the cancer than others and if – if you smoke in the public place and you will influence others who don't like to smoke. Uh. So – uh – uh – such as my father and he always likes to smoking so and you know – um – he does – he doesn't have a very good heart condition and my mother always – always feels very angry about his habit.  
As for my part, I think – um – uh – I think – uh – smoking should be banned completely in our country. It is necessary because – uh – smoking, it – uh – always do harm to our health – uh – our – our – our lungs, our – uh – our – our brain – uh – as a – as our blood vessels. Uh. What's more – um – smoking also – uh – impact – have a great impact – uh – on our family member and as well as people around us – uh – especially the second – sec – secondhand smoking. Um. It is really bad.  
As we all know smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment.  Smoking can lead to many diseases such as lung cancer.  Smoking affects nonsmokers more than it does smokers.  Ratio of passive smokers getting ill is higher than that of smokers.  So many nonsmokers are against smoking.  In public places, the harmful – the harm of smoking is greater.  It is connected with known effect of smoking that smoking pollutes environment by giving much poison [***] into the air.  Thus the government ban smoking is very necessary and important to us.  It is [***] to protect our health and environment, so many people especially nonsmokers...
Secondly smoking will – it's a bad habit.  If we smoke in the public area, we will interfere with others.  It's not only harm to yourself but also to other people's health.  I think it isn't a good habit to smoke, so I disagree with people.  At least, they shouldn't...
I think smoking should be – should be banned because it will damage – it will damage people's lungs and not for the people who are smoking in public but also the people who stand around those – those people who smoking and smoking will damage the people's – people's lungs and I think it also keep everybody healthy.  Smoking in the public should be forbidden and everyone should ban together.  We all will do this and when we work together to ban smoking the things will have good – have good result and this...
These days some people say that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.  I totally agree that.  The first reason is for the health and the safety of people.  Respect for nonsmokers that have chosen not to smoke is also another important reason.  Although, people do have the freedom of choice to choose if they want to smoke or not, smoking should be banned in restaurants because tobacco smoke is health hazard in widespread health goal [***].  Many people have chosen not to smoke for their health.  Yet when in a restaurant nonsmokers and are breathing in secondhand smoke while sitting in the nonsmoking section of a restaurant.  Also employees of the restaurant must breathe in secondhand smoke while working.  When person does smoke...
Again, I don't – I think I would not – I think restaurant should ban all the smoking.  Smoking is damage – can make damages to the smoker's lung or the some people else.  They make air – they – the smoke – the smoke make air polluted, so I think it's not – it's unfair for the people who don't smoke but he – he were smoked in the restaurant and restaurant is somewhere we needed clean and safe for us to eat a meal so...
Topic about banning smoking in all public place – in all restaurants over the country, I think that we – I think that we should ban smoking in public places.  First of all, smoking is not a good habit which can cause lung cancer and many other diseases.  Secondly, if one person smokes in public – public places, then other all around him – him or her would be infected, especially for children – children when people smoke in the room with children, then these children will be – it is very bad for the kids.
I think that the smoke – the smoking should be banned in the restaurants all over the country.  I think there are many reasons and firstly I think it will do harm to people's health.  I think as one of the poison in the – in the smoking can to pollute the air and can do harm to our lung and resulted in many diseases that can hurt people.  Secondly, I don't – I think people do smoke – smoking – people smoke in the – smoke in public have no – have a low quality and they may throw cigarette end into anywhere in the restaurant which will become to the restaurant environment, and thirdly, I think it will be a bad lesson on children and...
As far as I am concerned, smoking should be banned in all the public places such as restaurant, theaters, and public square.  On the one hand, smoking is harmful both for smokers themselves and others.  It is reported that every year smoking cause millions of deaths around the world.  On the other hand, smoking pollutes the air.  Just imagine that you are sitting in the restaurant full of smoke, how can you enjoy your meal there.  Beside smoking is bad for elevation of country's image in the world.  I believe if smoking is banned in all public places, most of us will breathe in more fresh and clean air and health condition of all people will be greatly improved.
As far as I am concerned, smoking should be banned in all the public places such as restaurants, theaters, and public squares.  On the one hand, smoking is harmful both for smokers themselves and others.  It is reported that every year smoking cause millions of deaths around the world.  On the other hand, smoking pollutes air.  Just imagine that you are sitting in a restaurant full of smoke, how can you enjoy your meal there.  Besides smoking is bad for elevation of country's image in the world.  I believe if smoking is bad in all the public places, most of us will breathe in more fresh and clean air and the health condition of all the people will be greatly improved.  So, I think...
Nowadays banning smoking in places such as – such like restaurant is a heated discussion between people.  Some people think that smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in country; others thought that smoke should not be completely banned.  But most of people who are supporting the second opinions are the smokers.  So from my point of view, I think we should ban smoking and completely in the restaurants.  I couldn't agree more with the personal opinion.  Smoking – smoking is harmful for – is harmful for both the smokers and people nearby.  Restaurants – such places like restaurants are public places and smokers should not do harm to others.  What's more?  Smoking can cause many...
I think smoking should be banned to not only for the smokers but people around smokers.  I remember there were reports about the damage of smoking which claimed that second-hand smoke is more dangerous.  Once drawn into the lungs, it may convert some cells into cancer cells with multiply.  The person is [***] to die.  I think some people who gather – have – have got addicted to smoking and have to give it up but to protect both the people in the – in the restaurant smoking should – should be banned because it is a way, just a way to kill oneself and people around them.
Just imagine a situation that you are eating your delicious meal but table beside – beside you – but beside you give out choking smoke, do you still have a mood to enjoy the meal.  Based on many – many surveys, smoking can result in many kinds of disease which lead to death and newborn babies are influenced by smoking, so who wants to take a risk to getting badly disease.  Many men form a habit of smoking at – at certain time such as after meal, they cannot help doing that and – help doing that and the other people have no choice but to tolerate it.  Above all, what should we do?  I think the government should start a serious...
As we know, the restaurant is the place we eat and we need – if we eat, we will – we are more probably be – be harmed by the air pollution like smoking.  This gas is very harmful, as I think.  I – I will go dirty [***] and feel – and feel sick if someone smokes behind me.  It's strongly felt – it's strongly terrible if smoking in the restaurant.  So I think we should ban the smoking in the restaurant and definitely do something good and I think if the – if someone smoking in the restaurant, I will definitively will not go to the restaurant because it's - I think it's – it's not so much healthy...
For example, when pregnant woman smoking she should understand that her unborn baby in the womb is smoking also.  Moreover his life can be at risk.  Every year more and more babies are born ill or even dead because of bad habit of their mothers.  In conclusion, I want to say that any smoking is [***] health of nation.  In my opinion, we have to prohibit the advertisement of tobacco on mass media and parents have to explain the damage of tobacco to their children.  We are responsible for future of our children.  Those countries who have already prohibited smoking in public places have done a big step forward compared to the countries who have not done it yet at all.
Just I said before for the individual part – for the individual parts, so it's a waste of time and it also hurts, damage – damage to your health and others in the – in the public or in such others.  It's pollution in air and it's also hurts or, how to say, it's more damage to – to – to other – to other health so I think it's – it's much to – to the – the no – no smoking part for our [***], how to say, it's a better action to our health, I think.  That's all.
Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in country.  Smoking has proved to be closely linked to many of the most fatal diseases such as cancer, heart problems, and lung diseases.  Doctors also warned us of nicotine, tar, and many other toxic substance contained in cigarettes.  We are even informed that cigarette smoking may greatly jeopardize not only the smokers but also the nonsmokers.  Statics show that smoking takes life of million of people in the whole world every year.  All this lead us to believe that smoking does kill.  Through educating himself and strengthening his own willpower, every individual should resist the temptation of cigarette.  Society as a whole have to enhance health awareness, health institutions are supposed to show the responsibility of informing the public of the above-mentioned facts.  It's time for all the restaurants to ban smoking in the country.  After all, health is the most...
Banning smoking is not only the – is not the only way to – to do this and we can educate the young people not to smoke and tell them the – the disadvantages of smoking and it is the - it is – it is the right way [***] and smoking should not be banned and it has lot of work for us too do not have confidence and – and – and you [***] to do this cleverly and I think...
I think any customer should have the right to choice smoke or not smoke.  It is a responsibility of the restaurant to give them this choice.  There are many restaurants that have the smoking room or the smoking areas.  I think it's really a considerable thing.  I don't think it is actually right to forbidden the customer no smoking at all.  This only thing we should guarantee that the smoking customer should not affect others who is not so interested in smoking.  So I think in restaurant, smoking corner and smoking area is necessary for the customer who smokes and the other who not smokes.
I agree with opinion – I agree with this opinion as we all know smoking is harm – harmful for people's body.  So I think we can't smoke at public and so in the restaurant we can't smoke.  If somebody smoke, people around him will feel uncomfortable and everybody has the right to enjoy the fresh air, so I think it's better to prepare a special room for the people who need to smoke and so they can smoke in that special room and other people can enjoy the fresh air.  So that's a good idea.
I can't agree with – agree more with the topic that it is – it is no smoking in the restaurants.  First smoking will cause illness and death to people and it is – to people and it is – it is clear that smoking will have something to do with – with – with some kind – some kind of cancers and besides smoking will cost people's money and we know that restaurants are public – public place so I think smoking – smoking in...
I agree this very much.  I think restaurants must be – be no smoking.  Smoking in the restaurant is not very pride to the public and every - every –every country – countries have - has – has laws to ban – to ban the smoking in public place.  So – so smoking in the restaurant must be banned to – due to it's not – not advantage to our – our – our health and...
I think smoking should be banned in all the public places such as a restaurant.  When I was a child, my father often smoked in our house and I feel very uncomfortable while he smoking and about the smoke smell.  In the restaurant, I think there may be many women and child – and children, smoking in the restaurant is not – is not healthy for them.  And it is reported that every year smoking cause millions of death around the world and smoking pollutes the air.  Just imagine that you sit in a restaurant full of smoke, how can you enjoy your meal there.  And besides I think smoking in the public occasion is not – is not pride way and is not what...
Still smoking.  Well, also, someone think that smoking is – also if you ban – if you are forbidding the smoking totally completely then this is – well, the – there – there will be lots of people who lose their job, so you have to be deal with this.  It's very – it's really a complex program.  So to get rid of this can help [***] maybe it's not a very good idea to – to stop – stop people from smoking.  Yeah, that's all.  That's all please.  That's all.
Well, smoke you may – you may easy to get a cancer and you – you – you may be have some problem with your family and – and you can – you can – you may feel bad - -easy to [***] and you learn it also easy to...
Yes, I – I agree that smoking should be forbidden.  Um, at first, uh, smoking is bad for people's health and smoking can cause cancer.  And, um, the second, other who smoke – smoking, uh, is bad for other people's health and smoke – if you smoke you – you will affect, uh, non-smokers and – and the second reason is that smoking is bad for the environment because, uh, if you smoke and you let other people smoke by and it's very bad for the environment.  And, uh, at the last I – I think smoking is bad for skin, uh, I think every – every girls – every girl can care their skins, uh...
And then smoking is bad for others as well.  Think about this if you don't smoke but you have to, uh, you have to – in a situation and that the person who sit next to you smoking all the time, it's very – it's terrible.  It is not for children.  In those case young ladies it depends.  There is an increasing number of young ladies who smokes today I think it's very bad.
I think it's a very good idea and I will state several reasons to support my opinion.  And, and the first one is as we all know that smoking is not good for our health and so if we do like this and people, people will smoke less than before and they will live longer and get less diseases.  And I think it's very, very useful.  And the second, that if, we, we, uh, do this, uh, by rules, uh, it will be more surely reduce the amount of people who smoke and I think it is very useful and the second in public there is – there are many children and they will – and they will learn from the people who are smoking and they maybe try to smoke when they get older...
I agree with the arguments.  Smoking is very bad for our health and it kills more people than a [***] car accident and so on.  Uh – I think that the world would be a much better place without smoking.  I suggest – uh – government to take action immediately and stop that [***] of smoke from coming out of a person's mouth and make them happy and invincible from smoke.  Everyone will be smoke-free from the banning – banning of smoke.  Uh – overall I think the world would be – uh – smoking damages – it damages our body gradually in a number of days...
Okay then, I will tell you something about my opinion about this question.  First I want to say I agree with this opinion.  Smoke should be banned in the country.  Then I will tell you the reason of it.  First, I will say I don't smoke.  I think it's bad for our health.  So I don't like people smoke in the public space too.  Then second, I will say smoke in public space disturb others.  So it's a bad thing for others.  Third, I think it makes the environment poor, so I think it should be banned in the country.
In a word – I disagree with the statements of all the restaurants will be banning – ban the smoking in the country because the [***] of the restaurants – they meet the consumers' – what they want.  But just not one type of the consumer is – it – it – it's – they have a lot of types of consumer and someone like to smoke, but someone don't like to smoke.  We must try our best to meet their habit.  Eh – and for example, to open different rooms for the smoking people and the non-smoking people.  So – and the absolute and the – in other –in the other...
I agree with the smoking should be stopped in the restaurant because the restaurant is a place to eat.  The smoke smell will influence – influence the food and – and uh – smoking is not good – is not good for a person's health.  So the smoking should be stopped in the restaurant.
This many countries have passed laws to ban smoking in public time – places. So, I think we should also ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in our country. As we all know, smoking does huge harm to people's health both for smokers themselves and the other's people who are beside – who is beside them. On the other hand when imagine that when you are in a restaurant and the smoke – uh – full fills the whole house, how can you have your dinner especially if you hate smoking? Other people's behavior will make you unhappy. I believe as smoking in all public we...  
In a word, we stop smoking. As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment. Smoking can lead to many diseases such as lung cancer. Smoking affects nonsmokers more than it is smoke – smokers, really all passive smokers getting really higher than that of smokers. So, many nonsmokers are against the smoking. Some people think that it takes away some of our – we – um – I think it is one side feel. If one wants to smoke he may smoke in private not in the public places, in fact most smokers still have the freedom of smoking. So I think smokers had better give up smoking, not only in private places but also in the public places, everywhere. It will be beneficial to all of us.  
Well, in my opinion that I quite agree with the idea that smoking should be banned in our country all over the world and we all know that many, many people died from the disease caused by smoking and – uh – we all know that smoking was – is really bad for people's health. I think – I think through this – uh – ways of – ways to ban the smoking and – uh – it's – uh – the people will have a better life without smoking. Also in some public places, we can always find some people smoke and then neglect – uh – some other people's feelings. Uh – uh. So, it's also bad for other people's health and – um – ourselves...  
Uh. I agree with the fact because I think smoking is harmful to the smoker's health. Uh. If they are banned to smoke – uh – in the restaurants – uh – they will have to smoke less – uh – and – uh – it would do some good to their body. Uh. I think – uh – uh – smoke – uh – banding – um – banning smoking – uh – can provide a nicer environment for other customers. Uh. Also, it can protect the environment. Um. Um. Uh. Also – uh – a – and...  
I still disagree to perhaps the – the smoke – smoking in public place. So, I think nonsmoking in public place is unfair for the smokers. Although smoke is not good for their health but they – there it helps them – they have little option for them. So, just like I said if someone has stress they will have way to come out. So, I think smoke is the option for them to – to – uh – to release the stress. But if – if we prohibit them to – to do this, I think it's not respect – uh – their freedom. It is also a human right, I think. So, I disagree to have the non-smoke in the – uh – public place. Uh. For the de-stress I think – uh – currently some country...  
Of course, I disagree because the smoking has a long traditional history from generation to generation. It can date back to – date back to the – the – uh – the big – the eight simple ways. And secondly, it has a huge market because different people must have the millions of people to smoke. Yes, thirdly it do not harms to human health if – if everyone can control it. Because the – fourthly, it can protect the environment because the smoke is almost – uh – from the cigarettes, cigarettes is almost from herbs. Twenty herbs, it can protect the – the carbon dioxide. It helps to absorb – absorb the carbon dioxide...  
Okay, let's go on. Um-hmm. I want to say, it's very – the – the cigarette – banning cigarette is really not cheap. But with a lot of money and – uh – it's – uh – harmful, it's not good for world health. So I am just wondering, why don't those people who smoke use – just give up smoke and – uh – use this part of money to buy some healthy foods like – uh – fruits or any other things and they can't – then in the more – uh – good things, I think, and also – um – you know, smoke is not good for our environment. You know, I mean I don't – I – I guess there are many people in this – in this global smoking are indeed, so we can guess how many – how many, you know, harmful – guess, harmful – harmful creatures are supplied in the air every day. And, you know, the...  
I think that smoking caused the harm to the health of smokers and even the people near them. About – uh – 3 million people die of disease caused by smoking every year. Luckily, more and more people have come to the life with greater help of smoking. Two are the led the total amount of – of whether tobacco protection has jumped up from over £14 billion in 2000 to £37 billion in 20-year period. It's – uh – in the near – that the number of smokers will suddenly increase eventually. So, I think – uh...  
Nowadays, some people propose that public restaurants should ban public smoking. I quite agree on this based on the following three points. First – uh – smoking is harmful not only to the smoker himself but also the surrounding people. It is just like killing people, coming from the [***], of course not. Many people will get lung cancers because of such secondhand or passive smoking. And the second – uh – actually many restaurants have smoking areas. So, the smokers who are prohibited from public smoking will – will not be so uncomfortable. And the last but not least, it is good for smoker's health actually and it is good for their children and good for their family. So, based on the following three points I quite agree that restaurants should ban public smoking.  
I partly agree with the opinion that smoking should be banned all over the country because – uh – banning smoking is good for the smokers' own health as well as to the people – uh – to the health of the people all – all around him – uh – all around them. But speaking of – uh – viewing from a legislative perspective, smoking is citizens' freedom. If it is banned all over the country, it's in conflict – uh – with the spirit of constitution. So I think – uh – banning smoking in some public places such as underground – uh – uh – subway stations and restaurants is acceptable but in some – uh – respectively private occasions I think smoking is justifiable.  
I agree that the smoking should be banned. First of all ban smoking is good for smoker's own health, it helps them live a long and more healthier life. As we can see that most of smoker's teeth turn to yellow color for many years' smoking life. That's ugly and also it's a sign of unhealthy life. Second, smoking in home should also be banned because we all know that secondhand smoking is extremely harmful for people. Therefore, smoking in their homes is harmful for their children and also their other family members. I think adults should be responsible – responsible for the person around him. And thirdly, the pollution in nowadays' world is very extremely serious – um – and smoke contributes to it – to – to – to the...  
I think it's necessary to ban smoking over the country. First of all, smoking does harm to the people who smoke. There are more and more scientific research – research show that smoking is related to lung cancer, the more one smokes, the more risk he will have – have to get a lung cancer and smoking also does no good to the people around the smokers. Secondly, smoking is not environmentally friendly. When you smoke more, the more polluted the air is. If the air is more polluted then – and the health of the people in the environment will no longer...  
Uh. Smoking is – uh – uh – is – um – is bad for our health and – uh –it should be banned because – uh – if – uh – if we – uh – smoke – uh – uh – just for one time we will get – uh – addict to it and we will never stop – uh – we will never stop – uh – from – uh – smoking – uh – anymore. So it – it is bad and also we will – uh – it will cost a lot of money – uh – but – uh – for us to buy tobaccos and – uh – which is – uh – um – some kind of expense – expensive. So it's – uh – it is not – uh – good for us to – uh – to smoke in public places and I think it should be banned.  
Um. I think it's necessary to – to prevent smoking in restaurants because the restaurant is a place for people to get together and have some delicious food. If there is someone next to you and who is smoking, it definitely will ruin your atmosphere having lunch or dinner with your family and I think that smoking in an – uh – in a restaurant is definitely unhealthy for the people who are smoking and the people around – well, around them and maybe it will make the food – uh – it will make the – that – it will make the environment in the whole restaurant become even worse because we – we know that it is always half-crowded with people in the peak time in the restaurants but if there are some people smoking there, then it will definitely make the environment a wholly disaster and I think that smoking in restaurant is actually not polite or the people – uh – no – no – no matter or the staff or the...  
Um. I think smoking in public places should be seen as an immoral behavior in our society. Since it is not merely an individual business, it – uh – uh – makes a difference to everybody in the society. Every – everyone should have – uh – mutual communities – uh – and – uh – including smokers. I think it really sounds true in both arguments. I think one – first – all of us belong to the society. Um. The – the mutual benefit must be – uh – subordinated to general society. What's more, smokers can also benefit from this find which helps them get rid of smoking over the years. So we should ban it by authorities, by laws. Uh. It's very, very useful.  
I think smoking should – should be totally and forcefully banned in – at restaurants and actually, as stated in our public regulation, smoking should be banned in all public areas for the sake of the society because firstly, smoking is really harmful to the smokers themselves as it contains harmful, poisonous materials, components like nicotine or – and other things which will harm their lungs and their smoking just as their breathing system. And so, and – and then secondly, smoking – uh – is really bad for the – for others around the smokers because the smell of the smoke contains the harmful materials which will harm the – uh – the people at the restaurants who have come for food, come for smoke and for the sake of the public welfare I think smoking should be really completely and...  
These days some people say that smoking should be banned in – uh – in the country but I disagree with the – with statement because I think we should educate more than to – uh – ban the smoking because I think it's just a personal choice. We should not – uh – we should not make decision for our – uh – for others. If they choose to harm their health, it's their own thing. Uh. It's none of our business but I think it is necessary to ban smoking in public area.  
From my point of view, smoking is very harmful to people's health. So, it is – should be completely banned in the whole country. Apart from it's harmful, harmful outcomes on health, it is also a waste of money. Many people will addicted to – to smoking died earlier. People consider – many people consider it as really relaxing. From my point of view we should encourage those people to have – to tackle wherein – how they – how they relax in some ways such as running, jogging, swimming and – uh – we can do many things to distract his addiction.  
Um. This time I disagree with this statement – uh – because smoking is...  [***]. No. Um – uh –smoking is worst habit and – uh – my father is a smoker. He – uh – he just – uh – relaxed by smoking. [****] Yeah. I don't know – I don't have too many reasons for my – uh – for my – uh – opinion.  
A restaurant is a place for us to have a good time and – uh – together with the families but smoking will really affect our mood and our quality of eating. I think the smell is very hated. Um-hmm. And the smoke – smoking from the bigger go – uh – bigger horizon, smoking is very harmful for our health not only oneself, but people around you. It's not a thing – um – related only to you but to all the people subconsciously. Maybe some people will really feel it's their freedom, it's will relax, a way of relaxation but I think living in a society; we should consider others' opinion. We should...  
I agree on the ban on smoking at – uh – most restaurants in our country because smoking does harm to people and – uh – people have – it's very important even if smoking can release people's burdens, their nervousness or their emotions. It does harm to them too. I think people should think it over before they smoke and even if they smoke in the public – in their private rooms like their homes or in the house, I think it is rather not a wise because – uh – smoking has a disgusting smell – smell and if your room is start to smoke I think that guy – uh – has a bad manner and – uh – I don't agree with smoking in the public place and I think it's wise to ban on public smoking in the restaurants in our country.  
We will – uh – hope that we should – uh – ban people smoking in the restaurants. And I hope they are waiting for that. For most times, well, smoking disregards, well, people's health. We all know that if people smoke a lot, it will da – damage his lungs and increase his chance of getting cancer and – uh – smoking can also bring some problems to people around them. So – uh – in restaurants people also because it's their – it's be – when people smoke it will bring more harm to others. With smoke – when people smoke there will be ashes and rubbish everywhere. This may destroy the cleanliness of the environment and will trouble to those who – who have to clean. So, I think it's better you put a ban on smoking in the restaurants and I support the...  
I agree that – uh – uh – smoking should be banned in our country. Firstly, smoking is bad to people's health, not only the one who smoke, but also the people who are – who sit beside him or her. So – uh – secondly – uh – we should – we should ban smoking because – um – it will cause some air pollution. As we all know air pollute – our environment is getting worse and worse. So, it's our responsibility to protect our air and our environment. Finally – uh – smoking in some certain places may cause some dan – uh – may cause some dan – danger. For example, if a person smokes in the forest and they drop the cigarette care – uh – carelessly it may cause a big fire which will – which will – um – bring great damage to the – to the...  
Yes, I think that's very good ideas for the government to ban smoking all around the restaurants in the – uh – nation. As we all know that – uh – cigarette contains the – the – uh – the – uh – harmful materials like nicotine and – uh – it was a bad product – products – uh – uh – nitrogen and – uh – uh – and air pollute – and – uh – as well as polluted the air and – uh – uh – do harm to both our health and other people's health. And the restaurant is a place rather inclusive and – uh – um – uh – lastly the – uh – e – uh – trash here. If someone – uh – smoke in the restaurants – uh – and then the air pollution will be very bad inside and if some baby or pregnant woman have the – have – uh – have – uh – your – uh – dinner in the restaurants they will fall uncomfortable and disgusting and that will harm their – uh...  
I am not totally agree – disagree with the statement. Although smoking may lead to – to some – uh – lead to the health problems and may cause lung cancer, so certain people, they really need – uh – to smoke to maybe calm down, to – uh – relax or to – um – relieve pains. They need – uh – uh –this kind of particular need. And the restaurant is a public place; they should – uh – meet the needs of all kinds of people, not only the nonsmokers but – uh – also the smokers. I think the – maybe bad distribution maybe set a certain place for the smokers. They only have – uh – they only could – can smoke in this particular place and then the smoke – um – they won't affect – uh – the – the nonsmokers. So, the – uh – in this way – uh – what – uh – we could – uh – raise...  
Uh. I think – uh – that smoking should be totally abandoned – uh – throughout the country – uh – so – uh – for two reasons. Uh. Firstly, I think smoking is – uh – very harmful to the health of the smokers and also the health of the people around. Uh. For example, when – uh – there is a baby – there is a baby in the home – uh – maybe – uh – yeah, apparently he – it will be – uh – um – yeah, we can see that. And secondly – uh – uh – the – the cigarette have – and the cigarette have high price and why because the government – uh – is – is not supportive – uh – um – for smoking and – uh – secondly it's – I...  
I disagree with the idea. Yes, I must admit that smoking is not healthy for people but exactly I – we must ignore – we – we can't ignore the fact that – uh – smoking is – um – is – uh – uh – for some people is a necessary and important part. So banned all – uh – so ban smoking will make some people feel very sick and ill, making them feel unhappy. This is not good, I think. So besides the production of smoking can have a group – great profit – uh – benefiting many – uh – benefiting many developing countries. So – uh – the great usage of – uh – tobacco is also very important for some developing countries to have a better – a better life standard. To have a...  
I can – I can't agree more – uh – uh – with the topic anymore because – um-hmm – because I think the smoking should be banned not only in the restaurants but also in the pub – in all the public place. As we all know, the smell of the smoking is very ugly – this – disgusting. And – uh – take me as an example. My father is a smoker and he always smoked. He always smokes – uh – in front of us. And I think it is – it has a lot of bad effect on us – uh – not only on the whole body but also on our – uh – yes, maybe mental – maybe have a – a lot of mental dis – uh – uh – dis – dis – uh – maybe have some mental – uh – maybe not only on our physically but also mentally and I think the government should take actions to – uh – prohibit the smokers smoke in the public place – um – because the...  
First, I want to say I agree with those people's opinion of – of banning smoking totally because – because smoke – smoking does only – not only does harm to the smokers themselves, also can cause damage to the people around him. First, smoking, we all know that's – is very bad for people's lungs. So if we keep smoking for a very long time, our – our lifespan will be shortened and that is a – a very – a sad, so – to – for the smokers' sake we should ban – we should stop them from smoking and – uh – we feel that – um – by scientific research that that smoke – smoking – uh – smoke – uh –that – uh – uh – smoking does not do more harm to the people around smokers but also do – do – as more harm to the people around...  
Uh. I agree with the topic and – uh – out of – uh – cigarette kind of people say that – uh – a good – uh – cigarette companies – uh – paid a very large number of – uh – money to our country for their – uh – company but still the health of our – uh – society is more important than – uh – money and – um – cigarette can cause – um – many health diseases of course and – uh – nowadays issue like global warming is also affected by – uh – smoke. Uh. So it will be better if – uh – the – uh – um – if smoking is really banned from – uh – this country.  
Okay. I think, I – I – I – I agree with that. Um. Uh. In the restaurants we have – have – we are, as known, most people are having a good time in restaurants, enjoy their dinner and if you smoke and, yeah, yeah, good mood will be broken by you. And if you are – uh – maybe you – it's your hab – habit and it's a bad habit and – and – uh – uh – the other point is that in most – uh – watch – uh – before – before they now – uh – have – have – have a cigarette, so – uh – waste and it has no good, no it didn't have any good. Uh. Um. Uh. Um. Um. So it's a harm to – it's do harm to themselves but also to other peoples and they maybe want to release the...  
I agree with it. Because I think smoke is harmful and there are three reasons. Uh. First of all the personal reasons – uh – it is bad for themselves – uh – her or he-self – uh – him or he – herself. Uh. If we – he or she smokes a lot – um – uh – her – his lung will become worse and worse. Uh. Second, for their family members, as we know secondhand smoke is much more harmful than one-hand smoke. Um. Uh. For example, a man – a – a woman who have the baby who don't allow – uh – will not allow her husband to – uh – smoke in their house. Um. Second for society, as we know more and more people – uh – have – um – lung cancer and if they don't smoke – uh – well, our...  
I think we should ban smoking in the country – uh – in – and the restaurants because – um – smoking is very bad for our health. Uh. We know this truth for many years but every year the smokers are rising and rising. So – uh – smoking is not only bad for – uh – the smoker's health and also bad for the other people around the smokers. So, in the restaurants there is a – a – a place for people to use things. So – um – when you will smell this – the – the smoke of smokings you may feel a very bad temper. So, we should – um – banned smoking in the restaurants and many years people die of smoking tobaccos every – um – so...  
I disagree with the topic because smoke – uh – we know that it is not easy to giving up the smoking habit. If the government helps the smokers to give up this habit they will feel very anxious and relieved – uh – smoke more also. Or if they – if someone want to smoke – uh – they will feel more anxious and more stressed and the – uh – the smoking can make them relaxing if they don't – um – uh – they can't smoke – if they can't smoke or – uh – he – he or she will feel more anxious and – uh – know how to – to give up this habit. Also it is his or her right – uh – to smoke, if – if he or she wants that – uh – it is not – uh – to smoke in the public area and the smoking in the private, it is true – uh – that if we...  
I think smoking should be banned in the restaurants but we should have a – a – a certain room for people to smoke. Uh. First – uh – smoking – uh – the – the smokes is in – uh – the smell is not good and if we – if it was – uh – it can – uh – uh – influence our appetite and also the – uh – the gas is the – uh – emits will – um – do harm to our health. Um. But as I have mentioned the people – uh – can't quit smoking and – uh – it's very uncomfortable – uh – uncomfortable if they do not – uh – smoke – uh – on time. So, we should – uh – understand them and if we should do that we...  
I think – uh – smoking in a restaurant is, well, bad behavior and we should ban that because – uh – smoke – uh – because it's affect – it affects – um – people's health and it still – uh – affects the atmosphere that people – our environment that people – uh – have to live. So – um – I think – uh – in the restaurant we shouldn't – uh –smoke and the smoke is a very private behavior. So we should – uh –smoke is a perfect – uh – private space, and not in the public space. So – uh – if you want to smoke – uh – want to smoke and you really desire to – um – uh – so you will go to the private space and in the corner maybe – uh – smoke.  
Uh. As for me I hate smoking very much, so I don't think it is very appropriate for smokers to smoke in restaurants or some other public areas because – uh – firstly, it damages their – uh – the smoker's health. Uh. Secondly, it also damages others around the smoker's health. Besides it also – uh – it also destroys the food, I think, it will make the food less delicious, I think. It also destroys the environment. So, I think we should ban smoking in restaurants or in the other public areas. But – uh – I think – uh – we should not deprive the other smokers' interests because they have their rights to pursue what they like. So, we can build more smoking rooms for them. Maybe we can have some smoking rooms in...  
Um. From my point of view I think we should ban smoking in every – uh – in most of the restaurants and there are basically three points. The first is that I think it's very harmful to other's health, especially those who do not smoke. I think it's not responsible for the smoker to smoking or to smoke – uh – in the restaurants – uh. It is a public – uh – place and we enjoy food there. So, I think it's a bad behavior for us to smoke in the public area. And the second point is that it will make bad smell which will possibly spoil the reputation of the restaurants – um. I think – uh – it will not only – uh – uh – affect the – what – uh – uh – the fame of the restaurants but also may cause them health problem like cancer. And the third point is that – uh – I think it's not a bad manner for a gentleman or a lady to smoke in the – uh – public – public place it...  
Yes, I agree. We all know smoking is very harmful for our health and the restaurant is a public place for people to eat meals. Uh – smoking in restaurant is very rude. Also, the taste of smoke is very bad. It will have a bad effect on other people in the restaurant. Um – last but not least we all know passive smoking is very bad for our health. When you smoke other people in restaurants, including your friends will get smoking – uh – will get passive smoking. So, banning smoking in the restaurants is very necessary and I hope there is nobody smoke in the restaurant from now on.  
I think it is – should – should banned it – uh – banned – I – I think – uh –– I think – um – some restaurants in – in – uh – some people in – in – um – five – uh – in five-star restaurants is – uh – um – is – um – feel – uh – angry, if you are smoking on the – the – they are sitting – you are all – um – uh – bad man and just – um – um – and I think you – it will – and – uh – I will – I will feel very un – uncomfortable in this and it's – um – and the restaurant is – are – restaurant will – um – will...  
Of course, I agree. I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants for various reasons. We all know that smoking is harmful to our health forever. Secondhand smoke is especially harmful to the lungs of the p – person with asthma. Tobacco smoke is a problem for trigger of asthma symptoms. That is why I am extremely agree that smoking should be banned in the public so that the nonsmoker will live in a better place. Furthermore, the secondhand smoke causes heart disease and disturb the child physical development. So banning smoking in public place, such as restaurants is the best idea.  
I agree with this statement. The following can support my point of view. As we all know, smoking is bad for our health. If you smoke cigarettes it will – it will produce some harmful gases. If these harmful gases enter people's body, after going out people may suffer from lung cancer. At last, people may die of this cancer. On the other hand, when people smoke cigarettes they will form an atmosphere which will make people uncomfortable or even dies. Um – uh – smoking is not only for us but also bad for people...  
However, now for the governments have even considered prohibiting the sale of tobacco. This is due possibly to the political power of the biggest tobacco companies and – uh – possibly to the fact that so many people, particularly influence – influential position in society are habitual smokers. Tobacco farmers and – uh – workers are also sorry about the legislation. In fact, smoking is not only a matter of habit but also a matter of profit. If you don't smoke, don't start. Give up smoking for the sake of your health, for the sake of your family, and – uh – for the sake of the whole world.  
Nowadays, more and more people have realized smoking can do harm to people's health. However, some people, they'll enjoy smoking, why? Because some would like think it is a kind – kind of tragic. Others think it is a great one and others think that smoking can effect themselves. In fact, smoking is a bad habit. Smoking is a waste of money. It's that, passive smokers may cough and it's just bad. Smoking is harmful and it's not only bad for smokers themselves but also bad for nonsmokers. Smoking caused many ills. The most – the most dangerous illness caused by smoking is lung cancer. That's all. I hope...  
Okay. I continue. Um – I can't find any single – uh – sing – sing – single advantages of smoking. You know, cigarettes are made of – uh – tobacco. Toba – uh – tobacco contains nicotine. Nicotine is very harmful. It's – uh – it's very harmful. Yeah, it's very harmful to us – for us – uh – harmful just for our health. When you smoke a ... – cigarette you are not taking only – uh – nicotine inside your body but also you take certain of – uh – other chemical, chemicals also. So, I think this statement is very good for everybody. So I agree with this statement because when you smoke you are – um – uh – you are disturb – you are disturbing others because you don't know what – you don't know if – uh – if your neighbors or...  
Um – as we all know – um – so I – I think this statement should – uh – smoking should be abandoned in the public place. First of all, smoking is not good at our health. Uh – it's – uh – the – some researchers show that people who like to smoking or smoke may have a higher possibility to have the cancer than other people who don't like to smoke. And the second, it will – uh – cigarettes will cost you too much. Uh – it will – uh – actually cost you too much – um – and if you can save this money you can do something more meaningful with this sort of money. And – uh – such as my...  
Um-hmm. Um. Smoking – uh – is bad for our health. Uh. What's more, it – it can make – uh – smoking can also make – uh – the air – um – uh – fresh – um – fresh? So, in my opinion – uh – it's really – uh – necessary to ban smoking completely in our country. Uh – not only for our self, our family – our family member – uh – our people – uh – but also our – our environments. Uh – it – it is really important – um – um – because our health...  
