I think it's not – smoke good for my health – our health and – uh – good for our environment. We will – if we want to – uh – um – become – uh – healthier people, we should not smoking and – uh – now, the society want to – uh – healthier and – uh – environment, the – we should – uh – keep – uh – keep – uh – healthier and – uh – smoke – not smoking. I want to start – I want to cut my father but – uh – he doesn't cut it. And – uh – so I – I – I – I am not – I am not – I – uh – prepared it. If – uh – someone...  
I feel on the smoking cigars, they reduce a pressure but more than, I think smoking cigars will hurt our body and to take as more pressure than we have ever to think. I think it's also hard that people who are familiar with will not be just as much harder, it's very like smoking at home but it doesn't know when he was smoking – uh – smoking a cigar has hurt our body, also my mother and I. So I think if you want to care of your family or someone you loved with, you had to stop smoking cigar. Just as I said, I know you are socialized maybe, we should just smoke with...  
I think that it is necessary to ban smoking completely. You see that first – uh – when – uh – people smoke it is – um – uh – it is easy for him to smoke again and again, again and finally he will become addicted to smoking. Researchers have found that more than 50% of the people who have tried smoke will turn into addict – uh – addiction into smoking so that you say that ban smoking completely is very necessary. Presently, smoking is harm to your body. Whatever the reason you smoke – uh – the reason from smoking may be ranging from many part – many, for example, like – uh – making your thought more active or other reasons but it will harm to your body. A relative of mine died because of...  
I agree with that. Maybe some people say it's really cool to smoke and – uh – it may be – um – makes their head clear to think other things but I don't think so. There is two side of smoking and – uh – we can find that the better side is – uh – more – is more than the good side. It really do harm to – uh – ourselves and others. It harm – it do harm to our hairs and it raised the risk of cancer. Others may not like smoking but you urge them to smoke with you. It's really not a good thing. I think we should ban smoking.  
And I also think smoking is waste the people's time and the money and the – although it has – although it has – on the other hand – uh – it has a good influence on them but is – it is hurt their bodies at first and – uh – I think is – is very – is very harmful to their bodies and – uh – if they are smoking everyday then they would get cancer. So I think – uh – everyone should – should – uh – start to – to just give up smoking. Give up smoking and – uh – I think – uh – smoking is also very bad for the – our health. So we don't want – uh – so I think everyone should end smoking – um – for their – for their family's health, their...  
Yeah, maybe we can't generalize smoke issue, right, but – uh – you shouldn't smoke in pub – uh – in public place and the restaurant is a public place – uh. Besides too there are so many other peoples, maybe they don't want to smoke. And if you smoke in restaurants they will become – uh – harm – uh – and – uh – uh – this will do harm to their health – uh – maybe the children and the women in the public place and – uh – they don't want to smell the – uh – smoke – uh – smell. And – uh – uh – if you – uh – uh – perhaps – perhaps for people it's better not to smoke in the restaurants. Besides restaurant is a place for people to – it – uh – smells and you smoke in the place and – uh – this will disturb others and – uh – uh – it's not a good way for you to communicate with others and besides – uh – smoke will do harm to the health – uh – uh – but besides the restaurants...  
I decide – uh – there are about half our people in China smoking. Many young boys and girls have the habit of smoking. Now, they are only middle school students. Smoking causes many illnesses. So, we shouldn't – uh – we should ban the smoking. A lot of people always cough because of smoking. The most – uh – serious illness caused by smoking is lung cancer. Meanwhile, smoking is a waste of money. Besides, careless smoking is...  
And if the child with the smoking grows, then they could not do well in their health or – and do – do well in their lives, and – uh – do well in the society. It could bring about his life and – uh – smoking is a society problem, we should achieve – we should – we should solve the problem as soon as possible and – uh – try our best – uh – to describe the harm to the child, especially some weak child – weak – weak to – weak child – children. And – and – uh – and we should found a re – re – reason to...  
Uh – I think – uh – smoking, maybe for women, it is a easy drawback to letting – um – no-smoking. But – uh – uh – if – uh – to let a man to stop – uh – stop smoking, it is so difficult because some – um – men, much more than – men like smoking than women. Maybe some women – some men has – uh – smoking a – a very long time and – uh – they love smoking maybe more – uh – uh – over some else things, such as my father. He has a smoke – he has smoking over 20 years. Twenty years, I am 20-years-old today – uh – today. Um – so long time smoking is...  
I think smoking – uh – no-smoking – uh – at the restaurant is – uh – not reasonable because – uh – smoking – uh – firstly smoking isn't a right behavior I think. And – uh – besides – uh – smoking – uh – at the restaurant – um – is very – uh – dangerous – uh – because – uh – uh – uh – the restaurants – restaurants are the – uh – are the place – uh – are the places that many people – uh – that have many people – uh – and – uh – uh – in that place – uh – smoking – uh – may – uh – uh – are – are more likely to – are more likely to arise – uh – accidents such as fire and – uh – um – uh – what more – uh – um. They – uh – it would – uh – it – it – it will – uh – it would cause – uh – cause some – uh – cause – uh – air pollution – uh – air pollution and – uh – um...  
I think not smoking is a good idea. If you are not smoking, I think you will have a good health because cigarette is bad for your health. And – uh – second, if you are not smoking, your parents and your friends – uh – will love you a lot of. Because the cigarette company bad as it gets to – to the people and – uh – better to the health of men. Finally, I think if you are not smoking you were building a good a relationship. Do you agree with me? Not smoking...  
If one – if someone smokes he will get this – uh – disease. They will be – they will get disease ease – easily and they will be dead easily. Uh – so many – so many people are dead and – uh – uh – both – both would still – uh – and would – would – would have – uh – knowledge and the – and the experience. What a pity? Uh – so many talents – uh – they are of – uh – they are of the disease. So we should – um – we – we should pay more attention to our health. We shouldn't smoke. Smoke does no good to our health. Um – smoke should be – should be banned completely among everyone, every students, every family. Every country should – uh – seriously – must be serious – uh – about...  
I agree with it.  I think – I think that the smoke should be forbidden too and the smoking is a bad thing.  It is bad to people's healthy, it is bad to people's body, and it will leave some ills, some bad things and it will – and then it will – it will – it is bad to the air environment and smoking will make the air to – to be fog and they will made other people to – to uncomfortable, so I think the smoking should be completely forbidden and smoking is – it will take a lot of your money.	
I think it's not right to ban smoking completely in the country because we also have many people who smoke and if they are not allowed to smoking, they will feel very uncomfortable.  And I think since the smoking will – will do harm to other – other people, I think we can make some special places for them to – for the smoking people to smoke there and they will not affect others health – health.  And I think we should control smoking people not by banning it completely.  We can tell teenagers how bad the smoking are.  We can tell all – all the people who smoke...
I agree with – uh – this statement. I think smoking is – uh – bad for your health and – uh – your body – um – because I think – um – I think – uh – not smoking is good for your body and – uh – health, um, such as like my father. He is a smoker. He is love smoking. I don't like that. I want to – I want him to – um – quit it, but he doesn't – he doesn't cut off it. So, I am very great – quit this. I want my – I want my friend and want myself is not smoking because we are – we are – uh – uh – healthier – we are – uh...  
And before I beginning my speech, I liked the topic is very interest topic for me because just it's my life. I have a lot of friend and family. They like to – uh – they like to cigar and they also smoking, so they like just – uh – as I think it. Maybe it's very – very different for me, but I think it's – I am not agreement with this can or – this is can or... So why I said I am not agreeing with smoking because I just as a college student I think smoking cigar is very not useful. I think it hurts our body...  
I think that it is necessary for us to banned smoking completely. Firstly, you say that smoking is bad to our health – uh – whatever the reason, you smoke. The bad chemistry with – uh – the bad chemistry – chemist in the smokes will always harm to – do harm to your body, uh. You say that I have a relative of mine, he smokes when he was young and he died of cancer last week. That is terrible and suddenly that you did smoke, you not only harm your body but also harm – uh – but it's also harmful to other people around you, your friends, your relatives, your daughter, your son. They will all be poisoned by your smoke.  
I agree with that because – uh – maybe some people say – um – it's really cool to smoke and it makes their – their head clear to think about other things, but I don't think so. Smoke really do harm to us, not only do harm to ourselves but also do harm to our families or – and the people around us. Um. Our lungs will become really bad and it will – it – uh – it rise the risk of cancer – it also raise – uh – rise the risk of – of – of cancer of others. So – uh – so – uh – it's really have no good side...  
Um. In my – on my opinion – uh – I disagree with this statement. Uh. I think smoking is bad for our health – um – especially the woman who – who is pregnant is at risk – is – were – it has a bad influence on his babies and – uh – his – her babies or her – her babies – her babies – um – can give birth to – healthily to the off. And – uh – I think our country should – should – uh – should – uh – not – uh – pay them more attention and to the people and because the statement. Smoking – smoking is very bad for the – um – and our health and when – and the – the people...  
Point of my view is more drink should be forbidden. If you ask me why, the reasons could be stated as follows: The first reason is that a small – an adult's – uh – health – adult's body is not so stronger and if they're drinking it will – uh – the – it will discharge – dis – discharge their body and it's not good for their growth. Uh. Second, the second – uh – the students – the student's – uh – uh – habit is to – uh – to study and if they drink, it will disturb their mind and it do harm to their study – uh – besides – uh – drinking is – uh – not good for the adults' growth. Uh. Adults – uh – should – uh – uh – should concentrate their mind on study and – uh – to growth their body and drink will do harm to their body and it's not good for their minds to growth well and – uh – um – health...  
Uh. Well, I think smoking should be banded. I agree with that. While once you start, it's hard to stop. Smoking is a hard – uh – habit to break if you are addicted. While almost everyone knows that smoking caused cancer and – uh – heart disease and that also – uh – it shorts your life by 10 years or more. I know that smoking by – costs a lot of money, so we shouldn't smoking. A lot of smoke – people started smoking for very cheap...  
I think smoking is – uh – harsh – uh – is hard – is – uh – harmful to our health. So some men said smoking is good for their matter, so the smoking is – will help their matter grab. But most of the time we find – uh – some heavy smoker will get some cancer and – uh – it is hard to get rid of the smoking habit and – uh – smoking also not – not only harm the adults but also the child. The child could – could be if – if the child – if the child – uh – with the smoking grows, then...  
In my opinion, I think – uh – uh – we can't – uh – we can't – uh – abandon the smoking, because I think it is so difficult to do so and you – uh – um – think most of the men like smoking and – uh – such as my father. He like – uh – he likes smoking so much – um – maybe when I was born, he begin to smoking and he has – he had a smoking – he has a smoking so many years – uh – uh – maybe if you – if you ask – uh – him to – uh – stop smoking, maybe it's – it's a very, very, very difficult thing to – um – let him – let him do. Uh. I think – uh – maybe you can ask – uh – him to smoking few or...  
And I think that it is a – um – uh – uh – smoking should be completely and smoking should be completely banned in – uh – some countries and is a – a little – uh – it maybe – uh – we can say – um – uh – uh – reasonable. So – uh – I think – and because the – uh – because smoking is – uh – uh – impolite behavior – uh – in some extent – uh – and besides – uh – in – uh – many times – uh – uh – such as we have, yeah, and we have heard the many times – and we have heard people – um – uh – many places because of the smoking – uh – and – uh – uh – uh – finally caused some fire and caused some accidents – uh – such as fire. So – uh – in other words, smoking – um...  
I think nonsmoking is a good idea. At – uh – first, if you are not smoking – uh – I think – uh – you can have a good health. And the second, cigarette has the – a lot of a bad scent – uh – for everybody. If you are not smoking, I think it will bring a lot of good – uh – to your parents, to the other friends of you – of your own. And the – the finally, I think a nonsmoking people can building a good – uh – relationship because a lot of people don't like smoking. Do you agree with me?  
I couldn't agree more that – uh – our – our country or our – our – our school – uh – and everywhere should – uh – completely ban – ban smoking because smoke – smoking has no good to our body – has no good to our – our family or our anything else. So, smoking should – uh – be aban – abandoned – should – uh – be abandoned by everyone. Um. And if – when – if somebody smokes they – they will get to here – get – get – uh – they will be ill easily and get – uh – a serious disease. Sometimes there may be death and early then they shouldn't be alive. That would be a great harm to our family...  
I agree with it.  I think that the smoking should be completely forbidden too and because – and the smoking is – is bad – is bad to people's healthy, people's body and it is not only to one people but also the other people.  If one people smoking, it will also make the smoke and it will – and it is bad to the people nearby this people.  So this is one point and then smoking will – smoking is bad to the air environment and if other people do the smoking and our air environment became worse and worse and then – and smoking will...
Smoking is not that bad thing to – I think if someone who smoking often if they don't smoke, they will feel very – very bad.  So in the public area, we must have some smoking area for smoking people to smoke and – and they can – can divide it and people also will affect by – by the smoke and that...
