Well, I think college, uh; students could take a part-time job, um, because lots of my friends have work experience and, uh, have a more independent life. They are willing to share their interests or experience with me. I think, um, finding a part-time job is not important to kill your boring time, while we got the news. Uh, um, well, we can – we can be more independent through the part-time job. Well, no. We're dependent on our parents.  
I think college student take a part-time job is wrong. Um. I think that most important thing for the college student is study, not for the – taking part-time job. Although the job is useful than to gain some so – society ex – uh – ex – experience, it also could, uh, be – could, uh, be, uh, harm – harmful to him and to them and the job could some – sometime bring some hurt or some prejudice. So, say time could, uh, bring – bring some money. It is their – could bring their...  
Uh, about the part-time job, I think, uh, um, I support that, um, uh, college students should do some part-time job during they're at school, because I think, uh, um, maybe in – and they can – they can earn some money for the – for themselves and – uh – reduce their parent's burden. Uh, this is al – also a opportunity, um, to – to make him – himself to be a – a better or – or a good person to – to suit the society and uh, um, uh, what's more, to do some part-time job maybe you can, uh, let us know...  
College student is a – college students are the, uh, people who, uh, um, transform from, um, transform the – from, uh, high school, in a high school to, um, uh, from – from school to, uh, uh, a society. So, uh, I think that a part-time job is very, uh, is a very, uh, is a necessity for our college students. Um, and for me, we can, uh, learn, uh, their – learn, uh, a lot of a, uh, skills such as the, uh, such as the – such as making friends, skills, uh, and communicating skills and, uh, uh, some other, uh, some other, uh, some other, uh, important...  
I think a good university student should choose one part-time job. Uh, at first, if you have one time job, like a – a teacher, a tutor and you can make some money from this. Second, uh, if you choose one time – one part-time job, you can, uh, get a lot of exercise about your ability. Uh, I think your ability will have a lot of improvement from a part-time job. In the university – university, a lot of students think only, uh, very good book can be...  
Uh, yes, well, I agree with that the students should do part-time jobs, because our college students have much – have much, you know, free time. So, um, we don't – we don't know how to use it creatively. Maybe do some part-time – do some part-time job can help us. On the one hand, we – we – we will make some money, um, to make up for, uh, to, uh, requi – to satisfy our requirements and our experience. On the other hand, we can acquire – acquire social experience and we will become brave enough to adapt to society because we – in our daily lives and may be brave enough to face the...  
I didn't – I don't agree with it.  I think the student should be concentrate on their studying or researching and in the school time this is the time for there to learn the acknowledge of something of our world, of our everything and they will use this – use this acknowledge to do their future job, the job of – the job that they – after their graduation and so they needn't do find the part job and in the school, they have some – some – some jobs just like that the part job to training their – training their ability of action for example volunteer or some...
Since [***] for them to attend the university is all given by our parents.  So I think our students – us – we students also do some part-time job to make some money and to reduce the stress on our parents.  And I think the part-time – doing part-time job also – can also meet some – some different people.  And it's helpful for you to broaden your horizons and you can know something in – in the – in the work and just – just remember don't be – don't be disturbed by the part-time job.  The most important thing is to study in...
Sometimes I want to find a part-time job because I – I see my friends – uh – also find a part-time job. I think it is a very good thing. I can put – practice myself and – uh – I can learn a lot of things. Uh. From then I – I could – uh – I could make more – could make more friends and make more money. Um. It leads, um, by the time I can – I can burden myself, my sleep and – and – uh – with – and with my parents – the parents duties. I can take care of myself good and – uh – uh – I – I also could – uh – um – in – increase my – my – my...  
So, in my opinion of my college life, I think the most important thing is cultivating all individuals and making of them a kaleidoscope of different colors and textures. I think each of us has all often in them various things, so just like me, I'm very like debating. So in my college life, I will have a debate and with my friend. It's very significant to me and I think by cultivating my individual and – and my depth of learning, it's, well, healthy and large and this significant, I think, actually is more than the part-time job gives me. So, I think if you do a part-time job in your college you might miss the way to life and...  
I believe that college students should take part-time jobs. Uh. For one reason, college students take part-time jobs to get full use of their spare time. A friend of mine, for example, he has much free time than he thinks, and when he is free, he only played computer games and – uh – doing other meaningless things. However, when he takes part-time job 3 months or so, she – uh – he gets full use – uh – makes full use of his spare time and he is now becoming a better student. Presently, take part-time jobs can help you in your financial issue so that you can get more money in your for – uh – because you can get more money in you part-time job. Uh. For example, you say jobs – uh – these days there are these part-time jobs which is helpful to their...  
I totally agree with that because I have a part-time job now. I am working at the table tennis board and – uh – I learned how to – I learned how to play table tennis and I also make many friends that – um – furthermore I earn some money and I use this money to do what I like instead of asking parents to pay for me. So it's – it's very interesting to take a part-time – time job and it benefits me a lot. Further – uh – uh – in – on the other hand I become more independent. It's the most important thing for me to take a part-time job, and I will test on taking – uh – finding other part-time...  
The part-time job is common for – to the university – to the students in university. We may get a lot of chance to do it. But in my – on my opinion I think – uh – we also should – uh – um – spend more time on studying because the maths is very difficult for – for me, so like, for example, I – I went for my father to – um – to give his opinion and he disagrees with me about the part-time job and according to he – uh – she – he also thinks we should study harder first and – and if we study harder, we – we may get more money to – uh – more than the part-time job. Um. Also, I don't have the time to...  
Uh. Part-time job can help you to know more about the society and – uh – learn more about the society and then how to communicate with others, how to deal – deal relationships with others and – uh – uh – help you to learn more about yourself and – uh – help you to know what kind of person you really want to be and then your interest and it offered you an opportunity to – uh – know your heart and maybe you are a – not a strong person. Part-time job can help you – uh – become stronger because you have to face the problems by yourself and the outside world is not so – uh – not so [***] where people is so [***] and you don't have to – uh – always – uh – deal with problems and others will always forgive you. Part-time job – uh – help you – helps you to know more about the society and the – it – uh – offered you an opportunity and to make...  
Uh. Well, my parents – uh – arrange everything for me; let me depend on their more for food and – uh – clothing. Uh. But I know I can't go on like this. I need further a part-time job, uh. First – uh – I needed independent – uh – earn my money. So I – I – I must – uh – get a part-time job if – uh – I want to get better – the – for tax from my parents. Their love will cut my wings. For this reason, I should – I must took the part-time job. Um. I...  
Although the time – time and the job could bring money but – uh – it is still bring the students some bad ideas about – uh – don't – don't want go to school or make some bad friends from the society or – or – uh – bring some – some – some idea to hurt himself. Uh. I think – I think is that part-time job – job – uh – disadvantage is – uh – more than the advantage and the part-time job is not all the – is not all the most important thing and – uh – which we – we don't – uh – I don't think we – we should...  
To be a college students, I think – uh – uh – I wanted to be more part-time job because I wanted to – um – uh – to make me – to make myself more – um – [***] and – uh – it is – um – opp – opportunity to let us know more about the society and – uh – we can – uh – know more people according to this part-time job. Of course, we can learn some money – uh – according to do – to do some part-time job. Our parents maybe will worry – worry about our safety. But – uh – we can do something to make them – uh – make them in order to right...  
Uh. I think the part-time job is very important for our college students – uh – because – um – uh – in this stage – uh – we have now – we have – uh – – we have – uh – not so much – uh – so – so many classes to – uh – classes to – to – to take – so – uh – we have many spare time to do other things – uh – and in that spare time I think – uh – the part-time job is very – is – uh – uh – good – uh – is a good – good way – uh – is a good way to – uh – improve our – uh – improve our – uh – skills – uh – skills in communication and – um – uh – in communication – um – and – uh – uh – communication and – uh – um – now it's – uh – communication...  
I think – uh – university should – uh – choose one part-time job, like a tutor. Uh, uh. But at first, you can earn some money around the part-time job because you are only a student. You have – you have an as a – a chance to earn a lot of – a lot of money but a part-time job can give you some. Second, if you choose once – one part-time job, I think you can get – I think your ability can have a most improvement from this because – uh – if you are students, a lot of the – a lot of students think he only read a book – read a good book – but the – but the social – on account of this – uh – and...  
Um. Doing part-time jobs we will be brave enough to accept the – the challenges ahead of us and – uh – we will became more mature and – uh – not depend on our parents, everything, always – uh – because – uh – we – we – someday we will – uh – lead – uh – ourselves, not – not – uh – always depend on our parents. Um. What's more we to – um – in the process of doing part-time jobs, so we will make accordance – make accordance with – um – many people and – uh – communicate with them. Um. It – it will also extend our – extend our eyes and – uh – broaden our eyes to – to the outside the world and – uh – want to just admit...  
I don't agree with it.  I think about that the children should be concentrate on the studying or researching.  They should – in the school time, they should be – they should learn the acknowledge of everything and this is for their – for their future job and they should – because they will be – they will do the job after their graduation, so they need to learn the acknowledge for the job in the school time and they can find some – something like part in the – something like part job in the school, for example, volunteer or some – some job – something like that.  So they needn't do that part-time job.
I think the college students take some kind job because it's very helpful for the growth of the student.  In university, most – most students first goal is to study.  A part-time job is a good way to improve their skill to communicate with their boss or colleague and do something themselves.  It's very useful for them to go out of the campus.  After they get into a society, they will find the experience they learn from the part-time job can help them much and through the part-time job, they can also make some money to – to pay – for their – for their fees, for everything and it can...
I agree with the – this statement. I think a college student should find a part-time job, because they can – they can make more money and – uh – make – uh – good friends, make more good friends and – uh – they can learn a lot of things, but – uh – they should not deal with – they should not – um – waste a lot of time and should deal with the um, work and – uh – study and I think my – more of my friends are – my friends are finding a job such as a, um, a child's teacher and a – and a waiter. I think it is a good thing...  
Well, as a college student, I have to say, I am not very disagreement with the college part-time job and why? Then, I will explain my reason. First of all, I think maybe someone will think part-time job encourage life, may be a responsibility and this kind of student is very busy and they have full of responsibility but I have to say, college students have much of things they can do and as I was a student, in summer vacation, I had to do a part-time job as well and I still learn a lot and I think it's great and it's very significant for my life, but actually, it used to...  
I believe that college students should take part-time job. Uh, for one reason, college students have much more free time than we may think. So, this part-time job can make us make full use of our spare time. Uh, a, a friend of mine, uh, usually plays computer game and, uh, reading novels that are meaningless, uh, when the – when he's free. However, when he took a part-time job 3 months ago, he successfully gets rid of those computer games and he is becoming a better student now. Another reason is that when you take part-time jobs, you will get paid and that will help you in your financial issues. You...  
I totally agree with that, because I have a part-time job now and I knew the – I know the value of taking a part-time job clearly. At first, I think it can, um, make our self more better for we can make friends and make more friends and, uh, and learn some skills in the part-time job and, uh, furthermore, we can earn some money. We can use this money to do what we like, not – instead of asking our parents to pay for – to pay for us and the most important thing is that we knew how to be independent. It's the most important value.  
Um, I disagree with this topic. Um, according to me, first, I think that it's – it – it's unnecessary for the students which in university to, um, take the part-time job, because, um, our first task is to study hard and if we – if we use the time to do the part-time job, um, in spite of we can get money, but we may, um, use the less time to study and I think that we should, uh, uh, uh, take more activities in university and then, we can improve ourselves in all kinds – all kinds of the ability to make our self more perfect. If we have – if we have to, uh, take the part-time job, we may...  
Point of my view, a part-time job is quite important to college students. The reasons can be said as follows. First, uh, it's a good opportunity for you to communicate with the society and to communicate with other peoples, because, uh, college students study only in the college and you don't have the opportunity to communicate with the society and part-time job offer you earn opportunity to communicate with the society and, uh, besides the part-time job also offered you a chance to learn more about yourself and it can help you to find out what you really like and which kind of profession you really want to be. This has – a part-time job can help you to make more money, because the college students, you maybe don't want to always ask, uh, money from – from your families and you want to, uh, become independent and the first step to be to independent is to make money by...  
