For example that my – as – I – I disagree for people smoke – people smoking and then for example that my friend, they had a bad throat and he always get a sore throat because of smoking, because he is smoking for almost 12 - 1 pack a day and it's really bad for health and for example – a – if the smokers didn't take water much, they will get sore throat.  The example number one.  Number two, - um – my cousins used to smoke, but he – but she didn't smoke now because she has already quit – quitted smoke and because...


Okay.  Of course, I agree that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurant in this country because it make a heart problem, not [***].  Smoking makes heart problem.  It's a – of course, smoking is not good for – not only for smoker's health, but also the other people's health.  It is – it's very harmful not only for themselves, but people around them.  It's true that people have freedom of smoking, but I think smoking in - in public space, for example in a station, smoking [***] good because it's not – um – influence the adults, so I'm the one who don't like that feeling because I feel so bad when I [***] and second, in the restaurant people cannot totally enjoy their meal because they feel – they don't feel a...


I disagree with the statement because I understand that smoking is not healthy for human's body and it will kill the smokers and even the ones who inhale its smoke slowly.  But I'm sure that the cigarette smokers also understand that it's not healthy and I'm sure that they know the disadvantage of it and – but they just can have to stop theirself from smoking.  And for some people, smoking is like their daily needs, they feel like they're going to die if they don't smoke.  They will start to stress and feel uncomfortable with their life.  There're also some regular smokers who think that smoking is very cool activity for some reasons they smoke because they want to be accepted in a particular society, and after all that matters,] all we need is only enough places for smokers to smoke, so they won't harm...


Yeah, I very agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurant in country, because restaurant is a public place.  In there, there are so many people and children that can contaminate the smoke from – from the cigarette.  In my opinion, smoking is very dangerous for people, especially for children.  Smoking is not only dangerous for the active smokers, but also the passive smokers.  People will only inhale smoke.  So as we know, cigarette contains some dangerous [***] that can become a poison to our heart such as nicotine, tar, carcinogen, carbon monoxide, and etcetera.  Smoking can cause some health problems such as impotence, lung disease, heart attack, and problem in pregnancy.  I know cigarette production has a big role for the national income for some country, but the effect from it is bigger, so I very agree smoking is banned, smoking should be banned in Indonesia itself, some policy has made to minimize...


Smoking is not good for health, yeah, because the – beside the illness we will get if we are smoking we are rising this in our part of body.  For example, our face will look older than our age.  Our tooth and lips will be blackening, sagging, that will be affecting our performance in the other activities.  Then, we can save our money for something important than buying cigarette.  We never know what will happen in few years.  Maybe we have to spend our money for this or that.  We have to buy – we have to buy a motorcycle or a car, our family is being sick in hospital, so we have to cover the charge, so [***] we're showing them – them not at all.  Plus, smoking can create air pollution.  [***] there're many things I pointed because it's...


I – I agree about the – the smoking brings dangerous bad effect and so on, but I agree if many people would not smoke, but in spite of that there are a lot of smoking factory that brings good – good – good effect, I mean for example if - from children we can see that he has children foundation or school for college students and something like that, but about the smoking itself, I disagree because it brings dangerous for the smoker, but for the environment – about the smoking factory, I think it - it...


I agree with that statement.  All we have to do is to provide the smoking room in the restaurant, so that the smokers can smoke in that room – in that room and will not disturb other people.

I understand that some people find their – find their self relief when they smoke and we can forbid them to do what they think of fun and it's – sorry to give that statement.


I – I don't agree with smoking.  According to me, the smokers is very annoying because he or she cannot respect to other people in their environment because it's very danger to them – their body and smoke cigarette is very damage the brain, because it wasteful for our financial too and it very danger – a – to get the – such many diseases such as cancer, heart disease, impotence, and it can also cause the death for human.  The smoke that produced by smoking is very disturbing the people near them – them – a – and smoking makes our life so weak, financial detrimental as for smoker...


Smoking in restaurant makes the very – the fresh air become pollutant and it – it's really disturb many people and if you – if people are smoke in a restaurant, of course it's also have – it – it also have big impact to the consumer itself since the smoke can – can make the consumer lose their appetite towards the delicious food in front of them and it's really annoying if you'll see people smoking very - while you try to eat your food.  I think – a – smoke is – and I agree that smoke should be banned because – a – it – it also have bad impact for the people itself, not only for the smokers and also peoples around them and also the environment can – can – a – I mean the environment can be pollute...


I disagree because smoking can be harm for the smoker or passive smoker and it doesn't matter where the place is.  First, it will harm the passive smoker.  Passive smoker is a person who doesn't smoke, but they breathe the smoke from the smoker.  Even though they are not smoking, but the passive smoker eventually still have a risk for their health because they breathe the smoke from the smokers.

Second, it is not good for health.  Health will be damage if you continually smoking and it will affect your [***], but it harms for your health.  My father is an active smoker, he smokes since he was 15 years old.  He got a cancer in the year 2008, luckily he recovered from cancer.  That was a hard time for us because all the treatments are just chemotherapy and medicine...


I don't agree about smoking in the restaurant because it's a public place and not everyone are – not everyone is a – an active smoker, so – a – for smokers, they have respect each other and especially for – especially to a passive smoker, so they have - everyone restrict them [***] it will danger for passive smoker.  And the – they do not – um – stop smoking in a public area because they...


I really agree with the topic that smoking should be banned in the restaurant because why the food can be – can be – a – can be – can be – can be - this – this smoke could cover the food and make the food looks – looks bad and dangerous for our body like the – the things that con – con – the content of the smoke - the cigarette itself that like nicotine, etcetera is really dangerous for our body and the smoke then – and the cigarette itself can – cause – cause the lungs' cancer, breast cancer.


I – I think I – I – I not really agree and I not really disagree with the statement that – a – smoking should be completely banned in our country because – a – smoke – a – I mean cigarettes company have a big influence in our – in our investment, I mean – a – I mean investment in our country and then it is – if it's – if it's closed and if it's – it – it should be – it – it should be banned, then we can – we cannot – we can – we have no income again.  I mean our – our economic – our economic – our economic showed – have a show – have...


I really agree about if smoking, it should be banned by the government, because smoking it will – because smoking will make our body can get some dangerous diseases and smoking – and why smoking should – should be banned by the government because smoking can effect human health and then smoking can effect the critical condition that will be negatively – negatively effect and creating cancer or heart attack, stroke and something like that.

And the second reason, smoking – smoke will make a loss of money for us and then smoking can disturb many...


In addition, I think that this law that – a – smoking in the public facilities should be banned, is that should be enforced because from the medical side itself, there is nothing but harms from the smoking.  And I told that smokers pay a lot of money to buy the cigarette, I think it's more – it's better for them to – to allocate their money itself to more – to a better – better – better area like, you know, like spending money to doing some sport or – a – another recreat – like a different purpose in the - I think it's a – it's...


I agree that smoking should be banned from the restaurant, because if – it's from my experience itself if – I don't like the smokers.  So, if the smokers always smokes in the restaurant, it can also disturb my life and also it's not healthy from the – for the people around them.  It's useless if we eat the healthy food there, but – but then we breathe the smoke from the smoker.  So, it can also – this impact – give bad impact for our healthy.  And the passive smoker like the people that breathe the smoke is – is worse than the active smoke.  So, I agree if the smoking should be banned from the restaurant.  I really disagree, because it's also useful for...


Smoking – people – people – we don't live – people don't live usually without – without the – without the bad air, pollution.  They want to live with fresh air, no smoking.  People suffer and there are other people and it can really damage for our healthy.  It's a good idea to ban smoking in our country...


I agree with the ban the smoker on the restaurant because of what.  Because smoking is right, but the passive smoker has more right to be appreciated by the smoker.  Because, you know what, the smoke that's from the smoker is very, very dangerous for our – for our heart.  Heart attack is resulted by smoker and the active smoker and the passive smoker is most dangerous.  Passive smoker – passive smoker is more dangerous than active smoker, because they can breathe if the smoke from the smokers and after that they can be hurt on – on their heart and after that they can sick.  They can have...


Well, I dis – yes, I agree that smoking should be banned in the country.  Just because in terms of our environment right now it's getting worse, so it's better for us to stop smoking from the smoke everywhere and let's – let's heal this world.  But, however, that we – we should ban the smoking – the smoking people, but the company itself in country, especially in our country, is really dominant in contribution in our education, in – and in other charity maybe and in scholarship also.  So, this big company of cigarette is really get an important position in our country to contribute in many – many aspects of in this country.  So, I don't think so that...


I – I disagree with the statement, because although cigarette is not good for our health, it gives a big contribution for the financial condition in countries.  When smoking is banned, there are so many people that will lose their job, because now they work in cigarette company or tobacco [***] to stop smoking habit, we cannot – we cannot force people.  They have to have their own job from their self.  And by forcing people to stop smoking, I think we have no right to do it.  Every people has their own right to do everything they want, include smoking.  When you don't like...


I disagree with smoking, because the smoke will disturb the other who do not smoke and then the – the smoke of smoking, there is some disease that make the smoker lung thick and become black and disturb their life.  With smoking, they like fire – they – they like burn their money, yeah.  I think smoking is kind of...


I totally agree if smoking is banned in all place.  I have so many reason why to support that.  I have so many – so many reason to support my idea.  The first, because smoking is very dangerous for our healthy because smoking, because in the cigarette it contain so many toxics that dangerous for our healthy; for example, our lung, our heart, our mouth, etcetera.  The second reason is it can make the other people feel uncomfortable if sit or living beside that because the smoke...


Well, I am – yeah, I strongly disagree with the idea of smoking, because as we all know that smoking can kill people who smoke it tells [***] or people who are around the smoker.  It has a really bad effect and also as we know that the price of – the price of the cigarette itself is very, very expensive and for those who are well, they – who are from low economical families, they have to support their self...


I totally disagree if smoking is banned in all area in the country, because cigarette production has become a priority of Indonesian government for economic and the sector from cigarette industry will increase the economy of Indonesia.  Because in Indonesia, there are many factories that making the cigarette and most of them is the most promote cigarette in the world, such as Djarum, Gudang Garam and Sampoerna.  If cigarette or smoking is banned in all area in the country, it will decrease...


Smoking in – it must be banned in public area, because the – in public area they just have many people out there.  Yes, because and they are just smoking so that – it's not also disturbing – it is disturbing the many people but also they will danger them, because it will influence for the smoke for the – for the health, especially because of the smoke.  And the government has to make permissions or has to make prohibitions relating with this, because it will be – it will be dangerous...


Smokers – smokers have – have bad habit and the smoke and smoking is bad.  The behavior bad and because the smokers will – will be sick and now or year – or next year or maybe a – a long time, but the smokers and usually smokers do not think about the people around them.  They do not think how if – how – how the health of people around me if I smoke and they will be sick because...


I agree with the statement, because smoking is really bad for human health.  The reason is if someone – for example, if someone is smoking in front the babies or toddlers, the baby will get because of the smokers affect.  Some – some of the babies will be having and they get sick and they got an asthma, for example.  And then also the reason for two – the reason 2, for example, if someone is smoking they will have in long-terms they can have a cancer and especially a lung cancer.  For example, if someone already...


Okay.  Of course, I – I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in this country, because you know that it make a health problem and it get the [***].  First, smoking makes health problem.  It's, of course, and because smoking is – is not good not only for the smoker's health but also the others people health.  The people around the smoker will get the effect of this – this use.  And then third one, if a person who doesn't do smoking become in such situation he will want to claim [***] it me too, because I don't like that that feel and then of course we can't know that all disease in gas base [***] making people.  People will feel bad, so not smoke in public.  It's not – it's not a good manner.  So, it's good that even a [***] chain smoking but as far as they work.  So, they addict people not it's such bad...


I somehow disagree with the statement.  And as a nonsmoker, I understand that smoking is not healthy and it will kill the smokers and even kill the ones who doesn't smoke it – the ones who – who – the ones who don't smoke it.  And but I am sure that the cigarette smokers also understand it as well that it's not good for their health and I am sure that they know the disadvantages of smoking cigarette.  But they just can't help to stop their selves for – from smoking and for some regular smokers smoking is like their daily need.  It would feel like they are going to die if they don't smoke in a day.  They will feel so uncomfortable...


Yeah, I very agreeing that smoking should be banned in all restau – restaurants in the country, because restaurant is a public place in there – there are so many people and that can contaminate the smoke from the – from cigarette.  In my opinion, smoking is very dangerous for people, especially for children.  Smoking is not only dangerous for the active smokers, but also the passive smokers, the people who only inhale the smoke.  As well as we know cigarette contains some dangerous some substances that can become a poison to our heart, such as nicotine, tar, carcinogen, carbon monoxide and etcetera.  Smoking can cause some health problems, such as impotence, lung disease, heart attack and problem in pregnancy.  Although cigarette production have a big role from – for the national income, for example, our country, but the effect from it is bigger.  So, I very agree if smoking should be banned in Indonesia...


I agree that smoking should be banned in this country.  First, smoking is not good for our health.  In a cigarette, actually consists of dangerous materials to consume, like nicotine, tar, carbon monoxide, carcinogen, and written that can affect lung cancer, with cancer heart disease and impotence.  Second, we can spend our many – our money other than for cigarette, although the prices of cigarette is not expensive.  But if we use money for buying cigarette continually, it will be wasteful.  It will be better if we use our – our money for something more important or just if it's for future needs.  Life is not about now – life is not about now or today, we still have life tomorrow.  So smoking cause air pollution other than [***] smoking also di – disadvantages others...


I – I think I really agree that smoking – smoking bri – bring a really bad effect from the smoker and the – the environment around the smoker itself.  And I think for Indonesia it's – it's a – Indonesia has a good handle about the – about the smoking because for now we can see that smoking up – under – under 18 years old is forbidden.  And we – we also can see that the warning of smoking is – I think is maybe it's not really makes cigarette smoker...


I disagree with the statement.  All we have to do is to provide them with a smoking room so that the smokers can – can – can smoke in that room and will not disturb other people.  I understand that some people find their and find their enjoy and then they are like self-relief when they smoke.  And we can't – we can't forbid them to do what they think – what they think they fun off, so that all we have to do is to provide them – to provide the smoking room in every possible place.


I don't agree with smoking, because smoking is very dangerous to our body.  I have three reasons to support that.  The first is smoking makes us addictive, because it contains nicotine.  The contents of nicotine is very dangerous for the body and it can damage the brain.  Second, cigarette can cause many diseases, such as cancer, heart disease, impotence, and it also can cause the death for human.  The smoke that produced by smoking is very disturbing our breath, especially when I am in public tran – transportation and then there are men who smoke.  It were very annoying and it makes very hard to breathe.  And the third is smoking makes our lives so weak and eventually this will drop as...


I really disagree that – I really agree that smoke – smoking should be banned, because it has bad effect not only for the smoker itself but also people around them and even the environment.  For active smokers, they all – they can have lung disease, heart disease, bronchitis and etcetera; and for passive smoker or people who are around the smoker itself are, of course from some s – from some survey it shows that people who live with smokers have 20 to 30% higher risk of lung disease and – than people who don't live with smokers.  And passive smoker even have higher risk than the smoker itself, because the passive smoker inhale the pollutant air from the smokers and of course the pollutant air itself...


I disagree, because smoking can be harmful for the smoker or passive smoker and it doesn't matter where the place is.  First, it will harm the passive smoker.  Passive smoker is a person who doesn't smoke, but they breathe some – the smoke from the smoker.  Even though they are not smoking, but the passive smoker eventually still have a risk for their health.  Second, it is not good for your teeth.  Your teeth will be damaged if you continually smoking and it will affect your appearance.  Last, it harms for your health.  My father is an active smoker.  He smokes since he was 15 – 15 years old.  He got a cancer in year 2008 luckily...


I don't agree, because even – because I know contribution of the cigarette industries are very big and they got charity.  And – and I mean that I don't agree, because actually it's a dilemma actually and – and to unemployment and – and the health and what we see in the heavy smokers and active smokers on their health life and...


I agree with the topic that smoking should be banned in the country because why, because the passive smoker is really get a bad impact more than the pa – the active smoker itself.  So, may – many disease – many dis – many disease caused by the smoke – by smoking itself.  So, I really agree with the topic and the – and smoke and – and the cigarette itself contain of nicotine, tar, carbon monoxide, and irritant, carcinogen like that that.  So those – those – those kind of thing is really dangerous for your – for our body.


I have – I have a neutral answer.  I not really disagree and I not really agree with the statement that smoking should be banned completely in our country, because I – I think that smoke – smoking or – or cigarette company is – is – is – have a big – big – big influence – influence in our – in our earnings but invest – investment in – in our country.  And then it can – it can – it can disturb our income – our country's income, especially if the – if smo – if the cigarette company will – would...


I really agree that smoking it should be banned, because of what – because of so many reasons, such as the first reason, why the smoker smoking is banned is that smoking is – smoking will give your – your bad effect for our health.  If you smoke, your physical condition will be negatively affected.  So, it will be very difficult for you to succeed in sports and also smoking can produce some disease – some disea – dangerous disease like a cancer, reduce – it reduce the length and quality of your life and maybe you don't notice all the physical effect of smoking immediately.  And the second one is smoking will disrupt many people if around of us...


I – I agree, because it is they have problem to smoke elsewhere, but if you're smoking in the public places, they didn't like restaurant or something like that, you will disturb the other people.  Not only people who don't smoke but there in – there are also, especially in the restaurant, you could meet people – of others people with some like babies and children that should not be exposed with the smoke of the cigarette.  I think that if there is no place like smoking area in the restaurant, they should just and they wait for the moment.  I think that if 3 or 4 hours withou...


I agree that smoking should be banned from the restaurant, because if – it's from my experience itself if – I don't like the smokers.  So, if the smokers always smokes in the restaurant, it can also disturb my life and also it's not healthy from the – for the people around them.  It's useless if we eat the healthy food there, but – but then we breathe the smoke from the smoker.  So, it can also – this impact – give bad impact for our healthy.  And the passive smoker like the people that breathe the smoke is – is worse than the active smoke.  So, I agree if the smoking should be banned from the restaurant.  I really disagree, because it's also useful for...


People want to get fresh air, no pollution and – a – a – they want to live peacefully without smoking - pollution.  And they want to –to live happily without smoking, so ban of smoking in our country is good, and I probably – I probably agree – I will agree with the ban of smoking in public area.  So that smoking is - has – this has bad effect for children, for the old people, because it will suffer – it will make...


I agree for the banned the smoker on the restaurant because of what smoking is right, but the passive smoker has more right to be appreciated by the smoker because what smoker – a – have smoke that something like smokes to the – to the – to their area and I think it's just sit on the restaurant, not smoking.  They just sit, not smoking.  If you are eating but in your around has something – have smoke from the smokers, it's very dangerous, and your food is not delicious, not taste.  So, it's your food but you have a smoke from the other smoker, it is something like I am thinking for your health.


Well – um – smoking in the public area is really restricted for everyone who smoke especially in a restaurant because – um – in restaurant, it's like a – there is a public area that they want to eat, but how can the – the smoke of the cigarette will be – um – like in – like especially the food, so it will be really worse to eat for people, so I think that cigarette of course must be banned in restaurant.  So, yeah, it can prevent for the healthier food that we can – um – we can eat – we can eat in restaurant.


I disagree with the statement because although cigarette is not good for our health, it gives a bit contribution for the financial condition in a country.  When smoking is banned, there are many people that will lose their job because now they work in cigarette company or tobacco company.  The stop smoking habit, we cannot force people.  They have to have their own will from theirself.  We have no right to force people to stop smoking.  I think every people have their own right to do whatever they want, so we have no right to ban a smoking habit in the country.


Yeah, as I told before, I disagree with that because the smoke make the people cough and bring the disease.  Smoke from – from that – I think not good for our health also and disturb the people who eat in the restaurant.  And then – I hope the government can do something to decrease the smoker, especially in my country, even though my con – country has so many tobacco plant, but I disagree with that.  Um – especially when the smoke – the smoke – a...


I'm agree if smoking is banned in all place.  I have so many reasons to support my idea.  The first is smoking is very dangerous for our healthy because it contains so many toxic that can danger our organ, for example our lung, our heart, etcetera.

The second reason is it can make people around us feel uncomfortable if he or she sitting around of us.

The next reason is it is allow us own more money, not only for eat, for living, but also for smoking.


Well, I strongly disagree with the idea of smoking because smoking has a very bad side effect on the smoker itself or – or those they are around the smoker and also – a – it is known by all people that smoking can kill people and the other reason is because – a – the pack of cigarette itself is very expensive.  And children who has no money or they have a very little of - amount of money, they have to serve themself to buy the cigarette.  They can spend their money more on buying something that useful for their family than buying a cigarette that...


In my opinion, banning the smoking in the all area in the country is impossible.  It is due to Indonesia that has many cigarette factories.  If the government banned smoking in the all area in the country, it will decrease the number of production of those cigarette factories, so it will cause many of people lose their jobs, especially for the people who work in cigarette factory.  There are so many disadvantages caused by this banning.  For example, it will decrease the economy of Indonesia because there no more income from cigarette factories.


The restaurant is not only for adult man or young man because the restaurant is for public [***] so it will be many people over there that is young man and also for children and this will be dangerous for children if they – if [***] with the smoke and – for children, they will – they will – they will know about this and of course because [***] – they will get dangerous, especially for – in their health and [***] pack and also for the – [***] because of the smoke, so it – it must be banned in a restaurant, in the public areas especially.


The smokers will have sickness – I mean their lungs will be sick and not just their lungs, but the others also.  The people around them will be have the sickness, then only the [***] than their because smoke is danger – because the smoke is dangerous to our lungs, to our heart, and [***] health is more – more important.


