The main job is to study and not going to the work - not having the work.  They need to study.  And there is a – or maybe they can just have a part-time job and also to focus on the study to getting more knowledge and maybe an experience at that part-time job to get know about the real life in the outside world.  For example, students who didn't work they can just study and get more grades.


Okay, I agree with it that when it is - it's important for college students to have a part-time job because I am the one who takes that part-time job.  I have a part-time job especially in the holiday because - in semester holiday because I have a 1 until 2 month holiday, so I think that it's not - for me to just for enjoying my holiday.  So, I take that part-time.  For example, I am sell – I selling food or drink and it's a must be some experience that I have ever done.  So, people who did not have a part-time when they are college students will not – people after they get job, it is difficult to take - to take - to get money.  So, I learned a lot of thing based on this - by doing this –this part-time job.  So, we sort of experiment many things and get a college feel to get with the things - to take - to do this...


I agree that college students can have a part-time job as long as it doesn't affect their – their obligation to study as a student.  Some of my friends also taking a part-time job to support their pocket money without having to disrupt their studying and they also got a permission from their parents and they can manage to – they can manage their grade, so it's not decreasing.  But for me I am not able to do a part-time job while studying because my dad doesn't approve it because he doesn't want my grades to be decreasing and he wants me to focus on my study and...


Yes, I very agree that college student can have part-time job for some reasons.  It is important for them because I think part-time job can support their financial need.  It will be very helpful for them to be own themselves and they will not always account on the parent's financial support.

Having part-time job for making the college student get so many friends and also get so many experience and knowledge.  The friends they can get when they have part-time job can be connection from them - for them when they look for job in the future.  Many college students need much information they can get and experience and knowledge can help them preparing themselves to face the real job skills when they are graduated from college.  There are many kinds of part-time job for college student such as being a private teacher, being waiters, or doing business online.  So, in my opinion, it is important for college student to have part-time...


From my opinion, [***] shouldn't have extra time so we have to maximize it.  Many college students don't use their time well.  They just hang out with their friends after college, get to boarding house, then sleep over or doing something with no benefits.  We have to remain ourselves that life is not merely about play and hang out.  Seeking for experience and learn something about life is more important.  Then, the students have to know the work of what is ongoing, there are so much competition among co-workers.  It will be better if students - it will be better if student experience it - this early.  That is college student have to learn how to spend on their own food, they don't have to spoil and rely on their parents.  Students have to learn what actually...


I think the part-time job is not disturb - it's not bothering – bother the college students I – I have for now.  Okay - yes this – this part-time job is not whether the - my college because I usually sit in the – in the night - in the evening.  It's not whether I – I can get to my assignment and something like that.  I also join an organization in college, but I think my part-time job is not for the college or the organization.


I disagree with the statement because it is not important to student to have to do a part-time job.  The student can do part-time job if they are in last year of college because they only have to prepare their last – last – last project and then it's – it's not take as much time as their first or second or third year of college and then - so they - and then it – it will not disturb their time to study.


Why I really agree with part-time job in a college is it can improve ourselves to be more independent, to gain experience in the work so we can socialize with the society and in a cooperation with other people, and we will not be surprised when facing the difficulties in the working or in the - our environment and in order to not depend on the parents.  By working part-time, we can get extra money.

In addition, I have a friend, he said that part-time jobs are very - have the benefit – benefit.  We can save money for other needs.  For example, to buy something or we need - what we want or to buy for our college and part-time job is certainly we have a lot of...


Become college student means you already mature enough to – to manage your own life and part-time job is one of the way you should – you try to make your life.  It – it helps you in financial and also in manage your money, manage your time and it help you to – to have what to say - how – how – how people who work smart and part-time job means you already independent enough to be - you – you – you will not always ask for your - you will not always ask for money to your parents and part-time helps you to have your own money and to manage your own money.  You manage your own money and you – you manage how...


I agree that college students can have a part-time job for some reasons.  First, college students can prepare themselves for the real world.  I mean part-time job is like preparation before he work full-time in the future.  I think it is good to basically know how to work and face the hard situation in the part-time job.  So you mentally prepare for the full-time job in the future.

Second, you can earn the money from part-time job so you can help your parents to pay your school.

The last, it trains you to be an independent person.  I have a friend who has a part-time job and I see that she is different from us, she is more mature, and the most important is part-time job trains you to be independent.


Part-time job is important thing that student must do because they have to fulfill their daily needs and they – they must learn how to be independent student and not to ask for money to their parents.  Student – students need to get a part-time job.  They – they will – get experience after they graduate and they will improve their skill and in society...


I agree with the part-time for the college because that - because why - they can learn some – learn something from that like they learn how to earn money - her - their own money and help their families - their family economy and – and share their – share their – their what they have – what they have from their profit and then they can have – they already have a job before they graduate from the – from the university like become...


I – I agree with the student with - who apply – apply a part-time job because it can – it can improve ourself - it can improve ourself with the positive – positive activities in the outside of college, our college life.  Then, we can – we can lead our – ourself to earn money by ourself, then we can fill the – fill the activities with the positive activities that can make us – make us - that can make us happy and - and...


Part-time job is really important for student because of what - student can get at least some money to - to help their necessary being in job and one benefit of having a job is it builds character in oneself, having a responsibility at work and working with other builds one leadership and team work ability.

Student also have the ability to earn some extra money to help pay their education necessary or their daily necessary and it also allows students to get kind of independent as they are not always relying on their parents.  So that part-time job is really important to students.  Not only they will get their...


I agree with the argument about college student should get part-time job like I said before the – the objective is to familiarize yourself with the working environment because after this graduation you will be employ yourself to the working environment and if - and it will help you to know student about what's going on in the real world.  So that you will not get to surprise about what will happen, and also it can...


Okay, I – I agree because if the students have a part-time job, they also learn how to be independent and also responsible to themselves to pay their school fee.  Because I also do it – do it now, I work in the morning and I go to the college in the evening and I earn money myself to pay my school fee so I try to responsible – to be responsible and also independent - not asking money from my parents to pay my own school fee.  And so that I can try - I can work hard to earn money enough to pay my school fee and that's good that it can teach me how to be responsible and also independent, not always asking money from my parents and...


I agree with this statement because they will - they will have income to their self and they - and it will be helpful for their parents and their family because - because the college students usually have to be - have to be their self, and they have to get income by their self after their graduating, so they will - they will learn about job if they have a part-time job.


If we have knowledge that we get from colleges, I think we have to replicate it on the work labor because - on the work labor because we can give such a contribution for the people, for the public of our knowledges like admission - admission application for students that we have to - we have to have knowledges and then we have to give contribution to the people and after that, of course we can - we have to make something like final project or final assignment like thesis or dissertation and on the work labor...


I disagree that English for college student is only for getting foreign job because I think that English is - English is important to – to be able to communicate with the work right now because you know that global era right now is very spread out all of the work so I think English is important to make us can communication with other part of this world.  So yes, because otherwise it's other - only not for getting foreign job but also we can specialize this in other work and we can specialize this in other culture and get some information - of other area and, yeah, that - it is...


I agree with the statement because by having a part-time job, we can get more experience as a worker and it will be very useful for our future because by having some experiences, we can be ready to face the work world.  We can also get our own salary and we can use it for our study so we will not be a burden for our parents and we can be more autonomous.  When we have an experience as a part-time job, we will not become a weak person.  We will ready to work wherever and with anyone.


Yeah, I agree with part job for a student in the university because they can learn how to do some job in some place and then they can get the experience in their job but they should - yeah, they should study hard in their university because the important thing for a student is study hard.  And I think part job is for student in the university, I think that is very important because they can help their parents - yeah - with the...


Okay, I totally agree with your topic you had given to me.  It is - it is important for student, especially the university - the university student, to have a part-time job because why - university student usually have much free time so it is good for them to get - to fulfill it by looking for a part-time job.  And another reason why it is important, it is to give more money to them, to the student, because why, usually their parents only give money for buying book, for buying...


I strongly agree with the idea of doing part-time job while we are student in the university because I did it myself.  I took part-time job as a private teacher of English or Arabic language because it is related to my field of study and can help my - and it can develop my skills both in Arabic language skills or teaching skills.  And the second reason is when we take part-time job, then we can spend our time on a very essential activity.  It is better than we doing nothing and we can also gain more experience by taking part-time job, so...


I totally disagree with the student that has partial job or part-time job because by doing part-time job, the student will lose their attention and will lose their focus on their study.  It will cause the decreasing achievement to the student that has part-time job because part-time job will make the student busy, and it will make the student difficult to organize their time.  Because of that time organizing, they will lose their opportunity to increase their achievement to learn more...


To have part-time in school - in college - is the best thing for every students because students, they – they will have their own money to – to study, to pay books and to - sometimes they can pay for fee or tuition fee and then they can manage their time and also they can have many experience to have the job.  And for this kind of experience, they can - they are able to - they will be able to manage their time and then what - they will have many experience in order to their future...


I agree with this – with this statement because the college students who have part-time job, they will - they will have more income for their self and they will be more independent than others.  And this kind of job is to - does not take long time and they - the student will try to prepare themselves and they will be disciplined - disciplined people, and they will try to manage their time better than others, and it...


I don't really think that a part-time job is really important for college students who make money for living.  Some people were very – have been – have that already and they just make the focus on the college material and study more harder than to get a part-time job.  I think also some people will agree to get the part-time job because they need to - they intend to - they want - they wanted to get their own money, accept their - and not accept their parent's money or some kind of like that.  Maybe they will just...


I agree - I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because I am the one who take that part-time job.  Of course, I have a part-time job, especially in the holiday because I have a 1 month until almost 2 months holiday, so I think that part-time job, for example I saw a photo agreeing to make my holiday become productive and a part-time job is a must - be a valuable experience that I have ever done because I have known a lot of people and I get a best experience because I don't know how to sell the product yet.  So some people who did not – did not have a part-time job when they are college student does not know how difficult until they get job because it is – it is a difficult...


I agree that college students can have a part-time job as long as it doesn't affect their main obligation which is to study.  Some of my friends are doing part-time job to support their pocket money without having to disturb their studying in university.  They also get permission from their parents to work part-time, but for me personally, I am not able to do a part-time job while studying because the campus life has already made me tired.  The assignments from the lecturer are no joke and I also join in an organization and have a lot of meetings to be attended, and the most important reason why I can't have a part-time job is that my dad also doesn't approve it because he doesn't want my grades in college to be decreasing.  He wants me to focus on my study here in Semarang as a college student because studying in university...


Yes, I very agree that college student can have a part-time job for some reasons.  I think it is important for the college student in have part-time job because part-time job can support their financial need.  It will be very helpful - helpful for them to be own master and they will not always require on their parent's financial support.  I think part-time job also make the college student get so many friends and also get so many experience and knowledge.  The friends they can get when they have part-time job can be connection from - for them when they look for job in the future.  Many connection, then much information they can get and the experience and knowledge can help them preparing theirselves to pass the real job fields when they are graduated from college.  There are many kinds of part-time job for college students such as applying for teacher, being waiters, or doing business online.


I agree that college students can have a part-time job for some reasons.  First, college student can have lots of time outside campus.  Being a college student, we have to spend time outside campus other than we use for maybe doing the tasks.  We can maximize that time to get a job at least for us to get experience and expand our network.  Second, the students have to know the – the – the worth of work.  Actually, the real worth of work is not that time – that time as we start to work so we have to learn and watch how they work in reality.  Having jobs for college student is also easier step in their – I think our career after our graduation.  But college students can learn how to get money by themselves.  As college students, we are already adults.  We are permitted to get money by ourselves and may not...


I agree about the part-time job for - part-time job for college student because we can have extra money for us, and we also have more experience than the others.  I – I could take - I can give example based on my own experience.  I have taught Indian [***] children in Semarang and these children of international school and I taught math at that time with English as our - as our communication language, and I think from that experience, I could see - I could conclude that the part-time job that I had done, it brings a great experience.  It's - and it's not only give extra money, but it also brings an experience that I could not...


I disagree with that statement because I think it is not important to students to have part-time jobs because of course they have a lot of assignments to do and I think student can do part-time when they are in last year of their - of their college like in seventh semester because they only have - only have - they don't have - like they don't have to go to college more - they don't have to go to - to college as much as the first year students.


I really agree with part-time jobs in the college.  I have three reasons to support it.  They are first - it can improve ourselves to be more independent and can manage the time well because when we study in the college, certainly we have a lot of spare time so we can use them to work part-time.  Second, to gain experience in the world.  We can socialize with the society and in cooperation with other people, people in the society so – so that we can have more responsibility and we will not surprise when facing the difficulties in working.  And the third, in order to not depend on the parents.  By working part-time, we can get the extra money.  In addition to spending money, we can save money for other...


I agree that college students should have part-time job because part-time job help you in financial.  For college students, part-time job make you have your own money and it - to have - to buy your personal stuff like books, new gadgets, or some shoes maybe or bag, and that – that kind of stuff.  It's quite embarrassing if you're always asking money to your parents to buy that - this kind of stuff.  And also part-time job help you to be more independent because it's not only about your financial but it's also about your time management.  You should separate - you should finish your homework when you should finish your task in school and when you should do your part-time job.  So, I think it's quite important for college...


I agree that college student can have a part-time job for some reason.  First, college student can prepare themselves for the real world.  I mean part-time job is like a preparation before you work a full-time in the future.  I think it is good to basically know how to work and face the hard situation in the part-time job, so you mentally prepare for the full-time job in the future.  Second, you can earn the money from part-time job, so you can help your parents to pay your school.  Last, it trains you to be an independent person.  I have a friend who has a part-time job and I see that she is different from us.  She is more mature and the most important...


I agree that part-time jobs for student because they have to fulfill their daily needs and not to ask for money to their parents because they have to study as they are independent student.  And they - they learn to be self by working and they will have experience - much experience after they get graduate, and it will be useful really for them because they will...


They can help their family economy, learn how - learn how to earn the money by her – by their own efforts, and then they can have many - many friends from there and they can learn about life and learn about something that's really important for their life, like become a private - private tutor or make little restaurant - restaurant and then an online shop maybe, like my friend they have a...


I agree with the - with the students who applied with part-time - part-time job.  Honestly, I am a part - a part-time - I applied a part-time job.  I teach children - children with fifth grade - in fifth grade of school.  And I think the student who applied - applied new part - part-time job is - is the - is a best choice because first we can manage our time, fill the - fill - fill the time with [***] activities and - I mean - I mean good activities.  First it is...


One - one benefit of having a job is it build character in oneself having a responsibility at work and working with others build one's leadership and teamwork ability.  So that part-time job is positive for students because students also have the ability to earn some extra money to help pay for a car - pay for something that make them full of their necessary.  And it also allows students to get a sense of independence as they are not always relying on mom and dad to give the money.  So that part-time job is really important for students not only to prove their self characteristic to communicate with another people in different place and different case, but...


It can also be a practice for the student to do something professionally.  It also can train the student to become more independent.  And also with doing - working part-time job, the student can earn their own money to buy something they always wanted.  It is a great opportunity to test yourself in the real world, but please be careful, do not ignore your primary task as a college student to study.  In overall, with - in overall, with the progressing economic, we should learn as much as possible from the society about how to employ ourselves to be...


An Indonesia [***] the government provide the evening class for the students that work in a college and work and then in the college they provide evening class, starts from 6 until 9, so the worker they want to study in the college, they can work in the morning and still easily they work until 5.  So, it can be the students not to be spoil but independence, not always asking money from the parents and also responsible for their own education.  So they'll try hard, they will work hard to earn money enough for – for pay the – for pay the – for school fees payment.  So, I agree if the government allow the...


First of all, when students have jobs, they will earn money.  Some of these students need the money to pay for expensive school.  Well, other students need to make their life easier [***] but many things in their lives such as [***] especially if they spend lot of money from their job.  Some school are very expensive, even [***] student cannot pay all the fees for the school.  Then the student has to obtain a part-time which would help them to provide money for school fees and for themselves.  So, part-time will help them and could impact for their – for their – for them.  If you have part-time job, they get many skill and have many experience, for example they learn a lot about life and improve their languages from people in their work and for the foreign students they...


The knowledges we got from the colleges we have to [***] or giving contributions on the world labor because of what - because if we can applicant our knowledges on the world labor, our knowledges that we got from the colleges, we can just something like state – state our knowledges on our mind and our brain and we can say something like [***] on the world labor and after that like Indonesia application student that we have to be [***] and make a paper and – and often get we have to just contributions to the people such like applicable students if we have job on the world labor after we get knowledges from the college.


A part-time job is not] continually a regularly job that we can get, but by that job we can learn a lot of other experience.  In fact, that we can learn about the time management, we can learn about the short experience in job, but it also can be our skill, then if we make a regular job the next thing our future.  So, part-time job is also important for us to know about the work, about the job work and also learn about the experience of work.

Well, another part – another learning that I – that we can get from part-time job is like we can socialize with another people that more professional than us before we get the professional work.


I agree with the statement because by having a part-time job we can get more experience as a worker, and it will be very useful for our future because by having an experience, we can be ready to face a workload.  We can also get our own salary and we can use it for our study, so we will not be a burden for our parents, and we can be more autonomous.  By having a part-time job, it will make us a diligent person because when we have no job we just stay in our boarding house and do nothing and if...


Yeah, as I told before, they can have their parent to maybe for pay their study in the university and yeah it is true that the part – the part job the economic and social development I think they can get the - what the experience in economic and social development.  So, they also can divide their time to study and go to the – their work and...


I totally agree with the topic that is about if it is important to the student, especially university student to have a part-time job because the first reason is to fulfill their free time after studying at university because usually student have much free time.

The second reason is to get more money except from our parent, especially – because any student usually only get some money from the parent.  So, it is good for me to give me additional money.  So, you have no free time and will get more money by doing a part-time job.


I strongly agree with the idea of doing part-time job while a student in the university because it can help us to develop our skills of teaching or skills of language when we are taking part-time job as a private tutor and then it can help us to make our own money so that we do not only asking money from our parent, so I can do everything - I can buy everything with my own money that I accepted from the salary of doing a part-time job.  So, it also help us – help us to spend our time on a beneficial things, then we can get more experience by doing a part-time job and we can have...


I totally disagree with part-time job for the students of the university because part-time job will lose the opportunity of the students to learn more about their skills and by doing part-time job the students will lose more time to study.  Therefore, the student that has part-time job will not focus on their study and will lose the opportunity to increase their achievement.  The student that has a part-time job must organize their time for study and for work.


If the student has part-time job, they will have not only school - I mean the experience in school but also they will have experience in outside of school such as like environment – the work environment.  They will have many - they will have many - they will have many experience and also they can take all [***] and also for tuition fee and of course...


The part-time job is helpful for the student's family and towards their self.  They will have more income - passive income and active income and it will be able for their - to pay their - in their school or their [***] and other.  So, part-time job is good for the college students and usually part-time job is not long time, maybe just a little part of the – the time - the students time daily.


