Having a part-time is the main reason to have extra money for some people.  It is also people's way to have an experience how to work the real job.  Personally, I agree with doing a part-time job.  First, for getting the extra money is very important for college students since they don't want to burden their parents.  I have a friend who did a part-time job before because she wanted to buy something.  It was actually quite expensive so she decided to spend her own money.  Second, the experience itself when doing a part-time will make the college students easier to have a real job after they graduate.  Of course, they will get another friend.  Third, to get over the burdensome of college life, may become one of the reason too because college students already having a hard time working on their home works, presentations, or simply read their textbooks the whole night for exams preparation.  At least they need something to refresh their minds.


Yeah, I will continue about some statement before about the benefit of part-time job.  You can have the skill and you can give – give - you give - I mean if you can find a good part-time job, it can give some personal skills I think for you and then networking opportunities.  I mean you may get a good friend connection.  It's really helpful – helpful when you need a full job after school, I mean.  And then employee benefit, you may get discount after a product or – product and the other benefit.  I think so I very agree with this statement.  It can - it will be self [***] or...


This day some people say that college students should have job.  I think that's true because the job will be some - that will be help them for become adult and they will be more responsible to their – to their - and when then – when they actually ready for job – real job, they will understand how to – how [***] to work and earn money because that's our – will be need in the future and...


Having a part-time is the main reason to have extra money for some people.  It is also people's way to have an experience how to work in the real job.

Personally, I agree with doing a part-time job.  First of all, getting the extra money is really important for college students since they don't want to burden their parents.

I have a friend who did a part-time job before because he wanted to buy something.  It was actually quite expensive so he decided to find her own money.

Second, the experience itself - when doing a part-time will make the college students easier to have a real job after they graduate.  They will get another friend.

Third, to get over the burdensome of college life maybe become one of the reasons too because college students already having a part-time to working on the homework, presentation or simply with their textbook the whole night for exam preparation.  At least they need something to refresh their mind.  It is really important for their life.


Yes, I agree with that statement because I think it will be self-contained for themselves, so he can earn – earn money to him or herself.  Actually - especially I think for the man will take care of his family in the future so he have to earn more money that can take care of his family.  So I - I very agree with this statement.  You can - you can have definitely - I think you can have the cash flow yeah, you can earn money and then you have - you can get the skill - I mean you can...


This day, some people say that student or college student should have a job.  I think that's true because with - if they have a job or one part-time job, they can be more responsible to their - be more responsible and know how to learn to be more - and learn how to - how to - how to find money because that will - because that will be there - that will be needed in the future that experience of - experience - experience of...


