I agree that the student can have a part-time for these two reasons.  First, the student can get some extra money, for example, my friend who work in English course, he never ask a lot of money from his parents.  He can fulfill some of his expenses and tuition so that he can help his parents' economy and also he can hang out with his own money.

Second, the student can get a new friend - a friend of connection.  In workplace, they will make some people experienced and have more knowledge.  Friend of mine want to be a barrister, so he applied job in [***].  There, he met a lot of barristers who experienced.  From them, my friend learned how to be a good barrister and have a good [***].


Having a part-time is the main reason to have extra money for some people.  It is also people’s way to have an experience how to work in the real job. Personally, I agree with doing a part-time job.  First of all, getting the extra money is really important for college students since they don’t want to burden their parents. I have a friend who did a part-time job before because he wanted to buy something.  It was actually quite expensive so he decided to find her own money. Second, the experience itself - when doing a part-time will make the college students easier to have a real job after they graduate.  They will get another friend. Third, to get over the burdensome of college life maybe become one of the reasons too because college students already having a part-time to working on the homework, presentation or simply with their textbook the whole night for exam preparation.  At least they need something to refresh their mind.  It is really important for their life.

I personally agree with part-time job for college students for many reasons.  First reason is because with the part-time job we can help our family financial.  For example, when our family financial is in a bad condition, we – we will not worry with our self need.  We don't need to ask money to our parents because we already have money which is the result of our part-time job.

The other reason is maybe with part-time job we could get an experience that we get - that we never get in school life.  In the other words, it can give more experience that may be useful for our future life.  We know that when we go for a job, the company will ask our job experience.  So, I think it will more opportunity, we get the job that we want.


Well, all that matters about working part-time is the experiences we get from there.  It does matter for us.  Yeah, that's the point, experiences teach us many things.  Yeah and also money we get.  We live with money, right?  Yeah, we can't live without money.  We need money to live.  That's the point, beside experiences.  Friends does matter as well.  Yeah.  Yeah.


I agree with part-time job for college because first we can get extra money.  Second, we can work and study at the same time.  The last one, we can gain experience for the future lives.  So long as it doesn't inter - interfere with our academic activities, I think it's okay to get part-time job.


The part-time job can give many advantages for us.  First, it helps the parents' economy.  The salary that we earn can help the parents' economy because you can live with your own money without ask – ask for money to your parents.

Adding some friends it is help you that you will get new friends in real working world - you will need help to your friend so you can get a partner to share experience and knowledge.

The third is get an experience.  The part-time job is like a trial to enter the real working world.  Moreover, the college students can get an experience that they can training their skill, sometimes some institution will get a certificate that will help you in the future in the working world.

The point is that the part-time job is very important to the college students...


I think I – I agree with students who have part-time jobs because of some reasons.  First, they can earn money by themselves and they will cope with themselves.  For example, the students want to buy a new cellular phone but their parents do not have enough money to buy it and she or he can use her salary from the part-time job to buy new cellular phone.

And the second reason it will help the parents when they look for money.  And the third reason is students will get some experiences.  Before who get some experiences will more easy - easier to...


I both agree and disagree that a student must have a part-time job.  It depends very much on the situation and condition.  Students will not have to find a part-time when they are very busy with their study or the parents give them enough money, but they should have one when they have enough spare time or the parents cannot fulfill their financial.  For example, I want to go to Bali and Lombok for the next semester break, but I know my parents will not give me money.  So, I decide to take a part-time job as an English private teacher.  Beside it can also improve our skill in English as I am English major student.  And then - but sometimes take a part-time job will also disturb our time.  We - if you want to take a part-time job, we should manage our time carefully.  We cannot...


Well, I disagree that a student should have a part-time job while he is studying for two reasons.  The first reason is that they are too busy with the university activities because in the morning they have to attend every class and usually in the afternoon they have to be at the laboratory for - to do some practice and in the night they have to make a report based on the practice they have done before in the afternoon.  So, I think it's not a wise decision or it's not effective for them to take a part-time job.

The second reason is because they will lack a focus when they decide to take a part-time job because I have one experience before that in the fifth semester I take a part-time job at the – at the same time and I found it difficult...


First, I disagree with the word ‘must' there because the first - the main duty of student is studying whether or not she doesn't have enough money.  I don't think she can manage her time so well when she decided to have a part-time job because assignment has its own expected schedule that may be striking with job schedule.  However, she must make school as priority before anything else.

Parents should – can think their children that they will – don't have to be working in their early age and parents still have duty to give them money as long as they are in school so that they don't think anything else except studying.

Second what - what school gives doesn't equal to what job gives.  Perhaps students want to improve their skills through working but in fact they haven't need it yet.  All they need is school skills that they want - mention also can be got by [***] in schools.  If they want money, they can seek for it in working after they graduate.


I agree that working part-time is important for students because one of the reason is in the future it will develop our skill in working whether it is for a company or for organization.  So, it will develop the – the – the development of the - our company and organization itself, and second is because when we're working as – as an employee in part-time job we can increase our income so we can decrease our – our usage in our parents' money and also we can learn to earn money by ourselves so...


I – I strongly disagree about this statement because I – I am here in Semarang to study, not to get the job because my parents paid for my college.  So, I must make important - make the importance and also part-time job is still our my – my study like my friend works part-time job, he don't get – don't get good – good grade in his...


College student to part-time job I completely agree because nowadays college student have to learn how to earn money by their work, by their ability to have work in real life.  So, he can realize how difficult to earn money in this [***].  Experience now is so important to have a - because in the job, we sometimes have an interview that - do you have an experience in another - in before job...


For me, I am agree with the statement of the students must have the part-time job because in here, there's some low economic family that needs to support their economic - their academic economic I mean, so they - the student must have the part-time job to support their family to help the economy.  And students must - this is also must have – with the time management - yeah - because if they do - they do two or three tasks in a - in a row, it will be hard for...

Well, depend on the reason, I agree for student in college to have a part-time job.  If they do that, the college money for the school fee, that's really important, right, or they really need to do the part-time job because the family have economic problem or maybe they like to have that or they collect for - collect any experiences that - if they are really need to do a part-time job and they will get a problem to focus on their studies with doing any part-time job because the negative is really hard when you must do a job and on the - on the other side, you must study on the college every day.  So it depends with the reason.


Yeah, I am not really agree about that because I was study because - and I don't work for - and I don't get any job because I think when someone studying, they have to focus on their study and their lectures.  When you work, it can disturb your focus when you study.  And also it - it will be a burden because when you want to study or maybe there was event in your school or your university, you may - you can't come because there was the job and...


I completely agree because I think it's good for college students to have a part-time job because they will definitely have a better sense of responsibility of themselves and they will have a better time management later for use at the work - work environment.  So, yeah, it's a good opportunity if a college student can take a part-time job, but it is also bad for a student.  If the student doesn't have enough time or doesn't have good time management, I suggest that the student better not take the part-time job because it will ruin your academic progress and scores of course.  Yeah, it's good for college students to take a part-time job, I agree.  Thank you.


I agree with the student have a part-time job because student could - could taste the work of a normal life and they could get money from the part-time job to buy anything they want, and else, they could - what - socialize with - with a number - number - lot of people and they could experiencing the - what - what is - to have a job is like - like that.  And what - and a student could - could more sense - could more what - have a - have a - have a – what - what is it...


I agree with that because me, myself, will get a job in the morning and in the evening, I go to college every day from Monday [***] and I can - I can earn my own money to buy something I like.  For example, I can buy clothes, foods, my need - my needs - all – every things I need, I – I buy that with all my money, my own money I mean.  I think that's good because it teach people, especially - especially students to - to get some cash, to get their own money.  And I think that's a good idea for like - it would...


Well, I am agree with that state that every student has to has side job because for me I think it's good for them.  It can enhance their experience in working and it can add some informations, add some knowledge for them about the situation of the - or real working it is.  And for me, to be a part-time job student, it's good because it can help my financial, it can help my economical, and I can also help my parents, and I am - I am very happy to become a student that have a part-time job because I can buy anything that I want with my own money that I get from my hard work in my job.  That's why I am...


Actually, I agree with a student with - get the part-time job because, you know, it's quite important for a student that make own money and then he - he also - they also have experience of working.  It's very important for students.  So, I think it's very important and it also make - it build - build discipline in - in student.  You can pay the - you can pay the study, can - you can - you can make own money and - yeah, I think that's - that's very important for students to get the part-time job.


I absolutely agree because not all human in this world born as rich person and I think they have to be [***] what they like, that's why they are doing part-time.  For example, for me, I am born in simple and ordinary family, not all necessary because my family could give me and I don't want to be a person that I always depend on my family.  And because - because of that, that won't be for a long time my family would live with me, that's why I have to do something that make me have some money - some other money to buy my necessary.  Otherwise, I could buy something what my family needs sometimes.  It's for me - my - you can...


Yes, of course, why not the student can get a part-time job.  If student can have a part-time job, it is must be - can reduce his or her parents' cost to pay him for the college.  Him or her can pay by herself or himself by the salary of part-time job.  Also, it can be experience for him or her in the next time, in the reality job.  And then the second reason is part-time job...


I think at this point of this topic but maybe some – some students have to do some part-time job because it can make their experience more good in the future, but some - some students when he - he get - he get some part-time job, and he knows money, he leave the school.  This is the - this is the thing when I not agree the school is - the school - the school [***] could do, therefore...


I disagree with this statement because education is really important for me, and if I do the part-time job, I can really concentrate with my study, so I choose to finish my study first and then I can find better job than part-time job.  Study is really [***] thing.  I mean education is really important and I like to study as many as possible so I can find a better job.  I can - I can...


I agree with this statement that college student have to take part-time job because you know that in education we need a lot of money to take our education, I mean higher education like college.  We need a lot of money for tuition fee, for the living cost, and for the book.  We cannot just rely on our parents because we know that the - we need a lot of money for the education - for the education because if we don't have money - much money, we cannot continue our study to the higher level like college.  And then I think that by taking part-time job, we can get an experience in the job world.  We need that because in my country, there are a lot of companies that like student with experience, especially...


I agree with college students getting part-time job because it's kind of extra money for this college.  I mean they pay the college expenses and then they get extra money, then they can more help - help - help more their parents by paying fee for the college by their own money.  And then, by getting a job, they will get experience - experience with the real world when they graduated and then start their job, at their work place, they already have the experience working in the real situation, and...


I agree with the statement about part-time job is important for college students because number one part-time job can increase the chance of an assignment for the student himself because we know that tuition fee, pocket money comes from parents, so if the students are taking part-time jobs, that means that they get their own money, so they will not depend anymore [***] by their parents.  And number two, part-time job can teach the students of experience of the real job.  Part-time jobs can be viewed as a [***] it can help the students advance in the future.  So this kind of part-time job will surely teach them on how they will work in the near future and how...


I do agree with that motion that student - college student should take a part-time job because - because there's a three aspect that we should consider.  First – the first one is that the students tend to have spare time, especially if you are [***] master, we don't have any - much - much job to do so it's really great for you to have a part-time job to - to - to not only fulfill your - your needs but also to - to - to - to full your time because you have some many spare time, and the second one is to fulfill your needs of course because a student also have their own needs besides the money that came from the parents, but of course we want to buy something for our own...


I agree that a college student have a part-time job.  They can help the parents financial.  With doing a part-time, they can get income.  So they don't need to ask money to their parents anymore.  They can add friends.  In doing part-time, they will meet many people from outside and through that, they can exchange the knowledge and experience, and they can practice their knowledge that they got from the college.  If they work in the same field with their subject in college, they – they can practice their knowledge and they can actually get a job after they graduate.  If they already have a part-time, then they already have an experience in working.  Nowadays, the people not only look for a fresh graduate but an experienced people.  That's why the college students should have a part-time job.


I agree that college students can have a part-time job.  Well, because first they can get an extra money and then second they can get a lot of experiences.  As long as they have responsibility to have - to live in two different worlds, I think it's okay.  I mean that they can manage their time between college and working.  And besides, they can get an extra money, they can also get a lot of experiences while working part-time.  Well, I actually do part-time job as a shop assistant in a boutique and it's been 2 years I am working part-time.  And I get a lot of experiences here and I think being a college student, not always studying in the class but also studying from the experiences.


If we are - want to buy something, they – they – they can use their own money to buy it.  They will not disturb their parents by asking money again and money again.  And that's why I really agree with the topic about earn money by part-time job for the college students.  And many of students - college students earn money by doing private teacher or they sell something or maybe they do some entrepreneur things to earn their own money.


I agree with the topic because I think as a college student we need more what is called - we need more first things to be add to our curriculum vitae or CV later when we are looking for a full-time job, so when we are still in university or college, it is better for us to apply to some part-time jobs, but in the same field as our major, like for example, I am - I am a university - university student of English department, and I am being a part-time teacher for - for people and children in elementary school or junior high school or even senior high school.


I agree with this - with this topic because part-time job is a good choice for some students to do to pay their fees in boarding house because a lot of students - lot of students from the outer region - region in Indonesia like I live in - I live - a student - I study in Semarang but my hometown is [***] so I think part-time job is very good for students because, yeah, this is for - we can - we can pay their necessary or we can pay our necessary without burdening - burdening the parents, so it has been - and then part-time job has many advantages such as we know.


I agree that a student can have a part-time job for these two reasons.  First, the student can get some extra money.  For example, my friend who works in English course, he never ask for a lot of money from his parents.  He can fulfill some of his expenses and tuition so that it can help his parents' economy.  Second, the student can get a new friend.  In work place, they will meet some people who experienced, skilled, and have more knowledge.  A friend of mine want to be a barrister so he applied job in [***].  There he meet a lot of barrister who experienced and skilled.  From them, my friend learned how to be a good barrister and try to have own [***].


Having a part-time is the main reason to have extra money for some people.  It is also people's way to have an experience how to work the real job.  Personally, I agree with doing a part-time job.  First, for getting the extra money is very important for college students since they don’t want to burden their parents.  I have a friend who did a part-time job before because she wanted to buy something.  It was actually quite expensive so she decided to spend her own money.  Second, the experience itself when doing a part-time will make the college students easier to have a real job after they graduate.  Of course, they will get another friend.  Third, to get over the burdensome of college life, may become one of the reason too because college students already having a hard time working on their home works, presentations, or simply read their textbooks the whole night for exams preparation.  At least they need something to refresh their minds.
I personally agree with the topic that part-time job for college students for many reasons.  First reason is because with part-time job, we can help our - our family financial.  For example, when our family financial is in bad conditions, we will not worry with our self-need, we don't need to ask money to our parents because we already have money which is the result from our part-time job.

The second reason is maybe with part-time job, we can get an experience that we never get in school life.  In the other words, it can give more experience that may be useful for our future life.  We know that when we propose a job in the company, they will ask - ask - ask us our job experience.  So we will - so I think it will be more opportunity to get the job that we need.


Of course, I agree with part-time job for students because we can learn many things there and also experiences.  And it's worth it when we want to attend a new job in the future.  And first reason is it can help us – help - our parents in paying our college fee.  And second one is to get friends and also links and occupations here of course.  The third thing is I can practice what I have learned in my job to the next job that I want to attend.  Like being a private teacher and online business...


Part-time job for college student, I agree with that because firstly, we can get extra money so we can help our parents in term of cost or we can save that money for our future needs.  Second, we can work and study at the same time.  For example, you are asked to private tutor, you can try your speaking skills while working.  The last one, we can gain experience.  In the future, part-time job experience will be very helpful to get the real job.


I agree with the part-time job for college students because when the college students have more spare time, they can use that time to do something benefit, whether for themselves or other people.  There are a lot of part-time job that the college students can take.  For example, online business, private teacher, cashier at a shop, etcetera.  The private teacher is the favorite part-time job that the English department students take.  It is because the English department students can teach English lessons to the other people clearly.

The part-time job can also give many advantages for the students.  The first is help to balance the economy.  The salary that you earn can help to balance economy because you can live with your own money without ask for money to your parents.  Second, adding some friends.  It is obvious that you will get new friends in the real world.


I agree with part-time job that student must have it because I have some reasons.  First, student can earn money by themselves and they proud with themselves.  For example, if they want to buy a new hand wand [***] and their parents do not have enough money, so they can use their salary from part-time job to buy new hand wand.  And second, they can help the parents to find money.  And third, students will get some experiences.  Some of the company will look for people who have more experiences than people...


I both agree and disagree that a student must have a part-time job.  It depends very much on the situation and condition.  Students do not have to find a part-time job when they are very busy with their study or the parents give them enough money, but they should have one when they have enough spare time or the parents cannot fulfill financial needs.  For example, I want to go to holiday to Bali and Lombok in the next winter break, but I know my parents will not give me money.  So I decide to take a part-time job as English private teacher.  It can also improve my English skill as I am as an English language student and it will also give more experience to - we can feel how to earn money so - but I think part-time job is very important for...


Well, I disagree that a student should take a part-time job while he is studying because of two reasons.  The first reason is that they are - they are too busy with - with university activity.  For example, in the morning, they have to attend every class, and in the afternoon, usually they have to be at the laboratory to do some practice, and in the night, they have to make the report from the - the practice they have done in the afternoon, so I think that it's not effective or it's not a wise decision for them to take a part-time job.

And the second reason is that they will real lack of focus if they decide to take the part-time job because I have one experience before that I take a part-time job when I am...


I disagree with the word ‘must' there because first, the main duty of student is studying whether or not she doesn't have enough money.  I don't think she can manage her time so well when she decided to have a part-time job because school assignment itself has its expected schedule that maybe striking with job schedule.  However, she must make school as priority before anything else.  Parents should convince their children that they don't have been working in their early age and parents do have duty to give more money as long as they are in school so that they don't think anything else except studying.

Second, what school gives doesn't equal to what job gives.  Perhaps students want to improve their skills through working, but in fact they have a negative effect.


I agree that working a part-time job is important for student because first it can improve our ability in working so in the future, we as a student, we can - we can develop our skill in working in a company.  For example, one of my friend who does not - who does not - who does not work in - in an organization or - or a part-time job, in the future - in - in - I think in the next level of – of job, he cannot develop himself better than those...


I strongly disagree about that statement because we are here - I am here, my goal is to study to reach my graduate as soon as possible because my parents have paid my - my - my - for my college, so I must not make them - I must make them proud, not - and also my parents not allow me to - to get - to get part-time job because it can disturb my - my - my study here.  My friends...


I agree that college students have part-time job because they can learn how difficult to earn to get money by their ability to do work in sometimes in a company and may be in – in a café then it is very important nowadays that we have to get more experience in the real life but in the future we have interviews and want to apply in some corporate that they want to have job in that corporate.  So, sometimes the interviewer asks do you have any experience before...


As I said before, I agree with the statement that students must support their family to – to help the economic by part-time job because it's a very important for them to learn how to get into the working life and yeah to make them more prepared, well prepared at college to the working area - to working life some kind of like that and it's also help them in the economic and the family must be part of them if – if they make their own money to support their academic...


Now given with the reason I agree with that the students in college to have a part-time job.  It is important for them if they do – they do that to collect money for their pocket or they're willing to do the part-time job because they – when they have economic problem or maybe they like to have that for their experience - for collect any experiences that if they - really needs to have a part-time job, I think it will be better for them to support on their studies without any to – without doing any part-time job because when they get to [***] when you must do – to do a job and on the other side you study on the college every day.


Yeah, I am not really agree with that because when you – when you in school when you study you have to be focus on your material, your major and you made start with your work.  So, I think work it can be wait after you may be graduation or something like that, again study first get –get best score and you may have a good work, good job you have to think that's also maybe study is more important than work before – before you have a job.


Yeah, I also agree just like the previous time I said that it's good for college students to take part-time job because students have a better sense of responsibility over themselves and they will also have a better understanding about time management, especially later to use at the work environment.  Yeah, but it is also depends on student but if the student have – doesn't have a good time management as against that if a student doesn't take any part-time job because it will definitely ruin their academic programs and score.  But if they can and they have a good time management, I think they better take part-time job because it is absolutely will help them in the future career.  Thank you.


Yeah, I agree with that because if student has a part-time job, then they could – if someone need to buy themselves a gift or things whatever they want and they could – if they want they could apply college themselves without – without getting the money from parents and they could - what - they could socialize with another and it's – it's good if a student could get a part-time job they could be more mature than – than any other student.  I think that's all maybe and as well I think if a student get part-time job that they could handle the situation - the overall situation of – of his life and they could...


I agree with that because me, myself, will get a job in the morning and in the evening, I go to college every day from Monday [***] and I can - I can earn my own money to buy something I like.  For example, I can buy clothes, foods, my need - my needs - all – every things I need, I – I buy that with all my money, my own money I mean.  I think that's good because it teach people, especially - especially students to - to get some cash, to get their own money.  And I think that's a good idea for like - it would...


Well, I am agree with that state that every student have to has a side job because if we have a side job we can be more knowledge about what exactly and how exactly the situation of this - and we can also enhance our experience in working and we can get our own money from that and we are – from - we can have our – our balance.  It can - we can also buy any things with our own money and we don't need our parents' money.  So, we are very, very - we are very, very - can spend alone without our parents' help and for me to...


You know as I said before that I agree with student with get the part-time job – has a part-time job because that's – that's - you know it's very important for students to make own money and we get - the experience for working.  That's a very important to make me – to make students discipline and to be we – we can manage time or time management activity.  So, we can – we have – we have – we have something to do - we – we –we are not sleeping in the day and we – we just make our money.  Yes - you know, it's very important 


I am agree because not all humans in this world – world as the rich persons and I think they have to be survive for their life, for example for me I am born in simple and ordinary family, not all necessary things.  My family couldn't give me anything and I don't want to be a person that I always depend on my family and because of that there won't be - for a long time my family live with me.  That's why I have to do something that make me have some money to buy my other necessary.  Otherwise, I could buy something what they need sometimes and we can be independent person, be autonomous and even we could have - we could have our beloved family.  That's what I think.


Yes, the second question is the student with the part-time job is - can be something as worth it to do.  If they are not enough part-time jobs, they can use his or her time with something that [***] and does – does not give him or her anything, then of course his or her parents can have...


I don't know - I was talking about - I don't know about this topic – this topic - this is the topic about the last about the part-time job, okay I agree with the part-time job, but a student must – must be - can schedule to have [***] part-time and school so it – it can disturb our life - our student life, okay.  I – so I am bit - for this topic I don't know - I didn't know what to talk or – okay.


I disagree with this statement because education is very important for me and I prefer to finish my study first and then I find better job than the part-time job.  So, I want to study as many as possible.  So, I can graduate with the high grade and I can easily find a job rather than I am studying and then I do the part-time job.  It's really disturbing.  I like to do one by one, step by step so I can do the - my...


I think that if we take the part-time job when we are in the college level we can practice our skill, for example, our English skill.  If we take the part-time job for example like a tour guide so we can practice our English only.  This is important because what we take in the class is very different from in the field.  For example, if we use English in the job we can find a lot of terms - I mean special terms regarding to the job that we cannot get from the class.  So, this is so – so important for us to get lot of words, lot of practice outside of the class and we can get a lot of confidence because of the experience that we get from our job.  This is very important because we know that we have a lot of...


Part-time job for college students is great because they can get more experience working in the real world and then they can help their parents by giving – by getting money for their college fee and then for their living – living expense - for their own living expense - they can – they cannot always depend on their parents.  So, it's getting more experience they can be more independent, not always depend on their parents.  They can help their parents.  They can get extra money, can get more experience.


I agree with the statement about part-time jobs important for college students because number one, part-time jobs can [***] the student is [***].  Especially now that tuition fee [***] money are all coming from parents, so when the students are taking part-time job they will get their own money.  So, they will not be dependent anymore for money that is sent by their parents.

And number two part-time job can give the students about the experience of the real job.  Part-time job can be used as the [***] as the student.  It can be used as the tool to help the student to understand about the real world and also the real job flow.  It can help the student adapt to the work flow that they will face in the near future and...


And the – the first one is to help the parents - the parents fulfill your needs and then to full your time because students tend to have spare time and the third is to try to be more responsible for your own time because – because you will – you will work in the real field.  So, in this part-time job you will have the experience and you will learn how to be responsible for your own time and to be responsible to – to manage your own schedule and besides the money of course.  So that's – that's the kind of three points that really important and really crucial in this – in this motion, not only to raise the money but of course to be responsible more to yourself and to – to – to full – fulfill - fully your time because you have so much...



I agree that a college student should have a part-time job.  I have many reasons.  The first, they can help the parents' financial.  Second, they get experience.  Third, they can practice their knowledge.  Fourth, they can easily get a job after they graduate.

A friend of mine is an English department student and she is now teaching in an English course with – with that she can practice to - her knowledge that she got from her college, and she can help their parents because now she didn't need to ask money again to her parents anymore and she has a lot of friends because she has a part-time job and then when she graduate now she can work easily because she already has a link...


I agree that college students can have a part-time job because first they can get an extra money, and second, they can get lot of experiences by work – by working part-time and as long as they can - they have responsibility to – to doing two different works, I mean that they can manage their time between college and working.  Besides they can get an extra money, they can also get a lot of experiences while working part-time and - well actually I do part-time job as a shop assistant in a boutique and it's been 2 years I am working part-time, and I really get a lot of experiences here and I think being – being a college student is not always studying in a class, but also studying from these experiences...


...earn their own money and they – they will not disturb their – their parents if - when that student want to buy something or they need something in an – in an urgent time, they will not disturb their parents by asking money again and money again.  They will use their own money to – to buy that things or maybe they can pay something in urgent time.  Some of students earn their money by being a tutor or they sell something like handicrafts or snack in their campus.  It help them so much because they will not wait for their parents to – to send them some money...


Just like what I said before it is important for us to choose a proper part-time job - the one with the same field as our major in the university.  But if you think that taking a part-time job in the different major or different field it is okay, but it's only for what is called [***] Indonesia, so we will have more - I mean experience right - so we will have more experience where – where we're going to apply to a full-time job later when we're graduated from university.


Part-time I – I agree with this topic because I think part-time job is a good choice for some students really because a lot of students in many – in many universities – university in my town is from other – other region - in other regions like I study in Semarang but my hometown is [***], so I have to - I have to live - I have to live far from my parents.  So, if I take part-time job, I can pay my - like pay my necessary without bothering my parents.

Part-time job also has many advantages as we know that this is - and we have a lot of friends, we also have the experience so we know that – we know new people and it has - and it has many, many advantage for us that we - that - having part-time job...


