I disagree with the statement, also in the packets there are words that said smoking can cause cancer, effects impotence and disorder of pregnancy and [***].  I have friends who smoke and sometimes I ask him why – why he smoke, why he – why he can't stop to smoke and then he said us I do not know.  Smoke make - makes me feel better.  I don't think so.  Why he said like that because the most dangerous of smoke is carbon monoxide - carbon monoxide for [***].  Sometimes with this effects of the [***] that – that...


I think smoking is – should be banned from public because it's very disturbing and – and it's also bad for healthy.  And when you are smoking, you actually wasting your own money because of – every day you smoking, you – you will be wasting money and – and if you collect that money, you actually will be – you can buy something more, buy something useful for your daily life, example – um...


Smoking is one of the cause of the death in the world.  Of course, I disagree with it.  First, smoking will ruin our body slowly and that is infection.  It may not visible from the beginning, so people may not take precaution immediately.  The content of the cigarette is full of toxicant like nicotine, tar, carcinogen, etcetera.  The illnesses that will affect the smokers are lung cancer, breast cancer, heart attack, and so on.

Second, the smoke itself actually more dangerous.  The bad effect usually affect a smoker way bigger than smoker themselves.

Third, smoking will be definitely wasting your money.  It is not surprising if a smoker spend a lot of money for some packs of cigarettes.  Smoking just - actually just affecting your health.


I am – I am disagree with the statement, because I think smoking very bad for people, that smoking can cause cancer, heart attack, impotence or disorder of pregnancy and fetus.  I know that this – the statement was – was in the big – biggest [***] to accept like death, but I don't know why people in the world very like to smoke.  I disagree, because I know the effect of smoke and especially for a passive person that not smoking, but he can smell the...


Smoking – I totally agree with this – with this, because smoking is – is very bad for your healthy.  And when you don't smoking, but you will – but in public you or we will meet people smoking and I think you – I will – I think I feel very disturbing because of that.  Because I don't smoking, but people around me is smoking that – that will – will cause me a healthy problem one day.  And smoking also a lot of wasting money because smoking is not – is...


Smoking is one of the cause of the death in the world, of course I disagree with it.  First, smoking will ruin our body slowly and that is unpleasant.  It may not be if you look from the beginning, some people will not take precaution immediately.  The content of the cigarette is lot toxic like nicotine, tar, the carcinogen, etcetera.  The illness that will affect the smokers are: lung cancer, breast cancer, heart attack and so on.  Second, the smoke itself will ruin other person's health, besides the smoke is actually – actually more dangerous.  The bad effect usually affects non-smoker way bigger than the smoker themself.  Third, smoking will definitely wasting your money, it is not surprising if a smoker spend a lot of money for some packs of cigarette.


