I disagree with this statement because I think smoker has the right of smoking.  This statement – I think this statement is destroying the rights of smokers smoking.  I should owners of the restaurant – I think the owners of the restaurants should the room for smokers.
I agree that all the restaurants ban smoking because I dislike smoke.  I want to eat dinner or lunch without smoke.  Some people like smoking, but some people hate smoking, and smoke may hurt and may – may get – may make people sick.  So, smoking will - should be banned.
I agree with this statement.  Restaurant is where we can enjoy eating.  And so we don't need to smoke in that space and we – and I don't like the smell of the smoke.  It's very irritating to see people smoking in the restaurant.  Smell – the smell of food is very important but the smoking can – can interfere the enjoyment, we...
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smelling – smoking became food tastes very bad.  So I think smoking – smoking make food – food taste very bad.  So it is completely banned, I agree that opinion.  And – and it is very bad for the older people health.  So it should be banned all the restaurants.  It is my opinion.  Thank you.
I think smoking is banned at all restaurants because - the first reason is that there are not only adults but also many childrens in restaurant.  So it is bad for children to be around smoke.  And also I feel uncomfortable as a nonsmoker in a smoking area.  So I also feel - I also think that it is not good for me and the second reason is that the...
I agree with that statement, smoking is completely banned at the restaurant – all restaurants because – because if – if we exploit the place to smoke or not smoke, people who not smoke is affect the smoking.  So, if someone coming to eat lunch or dinner, your feeling is – is not good.  So – so I think you – the restaurant have to ban smoking, or and any place and any times.
I don't agree with the statement because I like smoking and I think smoking is a tool of communication.  I think smoking bring out the real value of the people.  And restaurants have – should have a relaxed and hot communication – hot communication field.  So restaurants should have – should divide the smoking area and not smoking area.
I agree the statement that smoking should be banned in the restaurant.  I think smoking destroy your health and paralyze your tongue.  You cannot taste dish, a good dish, good food.  So smoke you – if you smoked and in the – you if you smoke in the restaurant, you don't – you don't – you cannot – you cannot enjoy the food.  It is not – it is very useless.  I think it is the waste of money.  You should not smoke in the restaurant, I think.

I agree with this idea because smoking is bad for not only the people but also people around him.  Smoking – smoking is very – smoking had very bad effect for health.  So in the restaurant, people shouldn't get smoke – smoking.  It's bad.

I don't agree this opinion.  It is – it is sure that tobacco is poisonous.  But there are some people which use tobacco.  We can separate person who use it and do not use this.  So people, people - many people will be happy.

I disagree with this idea.  Of course, I know it – smoking is very bad for our – our health.  However, some people observed in smoking and maybe they cannot live without smoking.  So I think and I – I think – I think there should be a separate room smoking or nonsmoking people.  To do so all the customers are comfortable and enjoy their dinnertime.

I disagree with smoking in store because smoking harm person's body and so smoking is bad for no smoking people.  I don't smoke so I don't like people for smoke in the store.
I agree with this statement for – for smoking people it is bad – it is bad point but please imagine about non-smoking people.  When smoking people smoke the tobacco that's no smoking people will take passive smoking in restaurant.  Passive smoking is more harmful than non active smoking, for example, no smoking people – no smoking people will get lung cancer because of the passive smoking.  But in restaurant people – all the people have to take – take the passive smoking if...
I agree with the statement because smoking is bad for our body and not only bad for the people who – who smoke – who smoke.  No smoking people can be damaged of them so the smokers should – should think that they had other people who don't smoke.
I think smoking is – smoking shouldn't be banned in all – last time in my country in Japan because smoking is not harmful to other if it is separated from the [***] like we can have smoking room and no smoking room and second reason is we or our government doesn't have right to keep smokers from smoking.  It's what they like so some people like to eat too much, it's obviously harmful to them but we can't ban eating too much like that smoker should be allowed to smoke if they...
I agree with smoking is not allowed in many restaurant because the smell of tobacco spread – spread very, very – very wide – very, very widely in – in the room and the tobacco smell is very strong so strong that sometimes it – it degrade the beautiful smell of – of like dishes so...
I think all restaurant – all restaurant need smoking – not stop smoking.  I disagree – I agree that all restaurant [***] smoking because the children and old people must be – old people – it is harmful for children or old people and surrounding people.
I agree with the statement.  The smoking maybe looks like cool but the smoking has bad effect on the people – on those who is smoking even if they are not smoking themselves and when people are eating I think they must felt that food or drinks something like that and...
I agree with smoking is not – should not be in restaurant because smoke – smoke influence – bad influence on many people.  Many people [***] should not the restaurant and so on.  So people...
I agree with that.  I think it should be banned all places because smoking – some smoking has no marriage [***].  There are some reasons.  It is – it has bad smell and it is bad for your body and it is – it is bad for your own – your own body but also your friend's body as I don't smoke and when I eat food with my friend...
Actually, I disagree with that – that plan.  Well, that should completely ban some smoking everywhere well such restaurant or so.  Well, actually, we have to explain to the smoker.  Well, actually, I am not smoker but before doing that – that extremely – extreme plan actually we have to explain why it is necessary and why we have to do that.  Actually, we have lots of way to – we have – still have way to some – protect some non-smoker in the area such as separate [***] smoking or the time separation for smokers and non smokers or something.  Well, actually, by doing that we can minimize the harm to – to some non smokers.  Well, that's why we are – that's why I think it is not...
I agree that smoking should be completely banned because when I – because when I was child, I – my father is a smoker, a very smoker, and I can't – I don't like smoking smell, and smoking is bad for health.  So – and – and – don't – people don't – people who don't smoke – people who don't smoke will be – bad health by smoking people, so I think.

I don't think to ban the smoking on the restaurant completely is good.  I think because some of people, they eat and smoke for their communication.  They smoke and – with their partners or their – their – the partners with smoking sometimes, it's needed like in the time of business or with the alcohol, so what we can do or what restaurants can do is partly divide the room or partly ban the smoking area.  So when – if the restaurants do that, the nonsmokers will not be harmed.  So in some ways I think we still can smoke in the restaurant.
I agree with this statement because smoking is very bad for human body.  Smoke make every human unhappy, but smoking is – but smoking don't stop for self - so smoking should be banned by nation or country.
I disagree because all people must – must – must have right to choose their lifestyle as they like, so people is smoking outside or in public is troublesome for other people.  It is not so bad, but if – but smoking is very – absolutely bad for the health, so dividing smoking area and nonsmoking...
I disagree this opinion because smoking has no good point.  Smoke tobacco is very bad thing, for example in my father's case, my father bought tobacco, then my mother get angry, why you bought tobacco because tobacco is bad – deficient for – for the body and tobacco is very expensive.  And tobacco is bad not only to the smoker, but also the surrounded group people, so smoking is – smoking has...
I agree with this statement.  It's because smoking is the strong - have bad impact on others who don't smoke – don't do smoking.  If we – if adults who don't smoke think – have – have bad impact by them, they think very - very disgusting.  It prevents children - their children growing – growing up or...


Smoking should be firmly banned – banned forbid – forbid – forbidden in all western countries it is because – it is because smoking is harmful to people's – people's health and body.  So, if and – and a smoker – smoker it is harmful for – for more – more second – secondhand smoker than firsthand smoker to – to – to breathe – breathe – breathe smoke – smoke, breath smoke.  So, it will lead to the death – the death of many – many persons.  So, it is – it is...





I agree – I agree with it.  In my opinion smoking is harmful not only our body, but also the people – other people.  Smoking will lead to lung cancer and if parents are smoking their children will smoking the same way.  So, smoking should – should be banned in public place.  So, smoking people should smoke in their house so as not to harm other people.  So,...





I agree with the statement because – uhh – because – uhh – if someone smoke in the restaurant it effect bad – badly for health of other customers and other workers in there.  Considering other countries policy, many countries banned smoking in restaurants and bars.  So, Japan should follow the – that kind of current and protect people's health.  It's good for everyone and it – it gives a chance to quit smoking if someone is – are smoking...





I – I – I have not agree with the opinion because smoking is – smoking has bad influence on our health.  I – there are many people – there are many people giving up – giving up smoking for their – for their health.  For example, my father is.  Smoking – uhh – but few people – few people is – few people can't live without smoking.  So, we – so I don't – I don't – I don't think smoking – smoking is not – smoking is not – smoking is not – smoking – not smoking is – I want – I don't want to...





I disagree.  We should not ban tobacco completely.  I have two reasons.  The first is the people smokers have trouble if this plan is adopted.  Many smokers enjoy tobacco it is their life – their life to ban tobacco completely means to dominate their life and the second is some people says it is dangerous – tobacco is dangerous but smokers know how danger it is because tobacco box – on the tobacco box...





I agree with prohibit – to prohibit smoking because smoking given not only smoking can be any other – any profit, not also but also give – give – give harm – give harm not only me, but also any other people.  And some people say smoking give a – uhh – a kind of community but I don't think it is no use to make a community with smoking.  Smoking – smoking is only harmful– only harmful effect on our body.  So, we can make any other ways to make...





I disagree the word you – we should ban smoking in anywhere for example, restaurants or countries.  So – so that is because if you – if we ban smoking perfectly some smokers will smoke – some smokers will – will smoke illegally.  So, we have to make keep places for smoking and some smokers – all smokers can – can smoke comfortably not illegally.  My father is a smoker, but I – my father smoke, only smoke places.  So – so but some smokers has not...





I agree with this opinion because smoking is – smoking is not good for our body and – and smoking has bad influence for our body and we when we were – when we were student we could we – we learned about influence of smoking.  So all – many people feel comfort – uncomfortable for smoking.  So, we should ban for smoke – ban smoking for public area and smoking leaves some bad disease like cancer and others.  So – umm – so if – if there are people who feel uncomfortable we should – we shouldn't do that and...





I disagree with this statement because [***] in this smoking is not good for health especially for children or pregnant.  But if we should ban tobacco, ban smoking completely the smokers can't get rid of stress.  So, they get more stress and might force and they – they may get more dangerous way for example, drugs.  So, I think we shouldn't ban smoking completely.





I agree this statement.  Smoking is influence of bad – bad influence of – we – our body and in fact my father had a smoking but now he quit smoking, and smoking is bad influence – smoking has bad influence on our – our body and smoking is banned with – in restaurant.  So...





I don't know – I don't agree with – I disagree with the idea that smoking should be prohibited in the country.  It is – we don't – on the – on the one place, we don't have a – some people might say smoking should be prohibited because nonsmoking people have allow – to be forced – forced to – to smell smoking by other people who smoke and who – smoking people don't have right to force them to do that.





I think that in a restaurant, people who smoke isn't bad.  Smoking in a restaurant should be allowed but at the same time, I think that the restaurant should decide where to smoke and people who smoke should smoke where they should smoke.  People who smoke and people who don't smoke should observe manners and people who smoke should think other not-smoking people around them.  I also...





I agree with the idea because smoking is not good for our health.  Of course, smoker is not healthy but people around, people around then also catch smoke and it is not good for them.  And, in restaurant, when we eat something, the smell of smoke is – I – they don't feel good when they – the smell.





I disagree with smoking.  My teacher smoke and my teacher said “Smoking is delicious and I want to die earlier”.  My teacher have the family but like – like smoking.  I think my teacher don't smoke for the family.  My family – my – my father and mother don't smoking and I thank for them.  I will not smoke in the future for my future family.  I – I'll do – I – I have to do this...





I agree with this statement because smoking is not good for peo – human health.  Smoking is not have many benefit – any benefit.  I hate smoking and smoking is many – smoking causes many diseases, for example, cancer.  Smoking is bad for health, so if smoking is ban, many people became healthy.  Smoking is not only...





I disagree.  People can smoke and also can hate smoking.  So, people can smoke, but I don't think people can smoke everywhere.  In the restaurants or some buildings, smoking area should be – should be in the...



I disagree with this statement because I think we should save the rights of smoking by smokers.  Anyway, I think people who don't smoke hate smokers, but smokers have pay to - many monies for cigarette.  This money - these monies influence good influence for economy.
I think smoking will be – should be banned all- at all the restaurants in Japan.  I dislike smoking.  Smoking is bad for health.  Smoking may make people sick.  So, smoking will be banned at all the restaurants.  Some people like smoking, but some people hate smoking.  And as for me, I want to eat meal without smoking.  Smokers have to think about those people, I think so.
I agree with the idea.  In restaurant, we can enjoy food and the smell, the flavor of the food is the important part of the taste of food.  So, if some people smoke there, we can't, other people can't enjoy the taste.  So that is very bad.  And I don't – I don't like the smell of the smoke.  So I don't want people to smoke especially in restaurant and that can cause problem on our health.  So there is – the smoking has no good for us and that is what I think.
I agree that opinion, smoking should be banned in all the restaurants.  So, because smoking make food – food taste very bad and smoking is very bad for people's health.  It should be banned.  So, I think it should be banned in all the restaurants and smoking – and the fire – the lighter fire is very dangerous for the restaurants, I think.  So I agree the opinion.  Thank you.
I think smoking in the restaurant should be banned because - my first reason is that it is – there are not only adults but also children in restaurant.  So many non-smokers are – should – must be uncomfortable from – by the smoking people.  And the second reason is that the – it is – it smells not good in the lunchtime.  So, it is not that good at restaurant.  So we should separate...
I agree with that statement, smoking is – is completely banned at any restaurant in this country because when you eat lunch smoking is very bad, is bad - very bad effect.  For example, when I – when I went to the restaurant with my friend and then the person next to me is smoking in the restaurant and then my – the taste of my lunch has be – became very bad and so, for everyone and for – for a good lunch smoking is very bad.  So, it should be banned any time and any place.
I don't agree with the statement because I like smoking and I think smoking is a tool of communication.  So, and restaurant should have a relaxed and hot communication field.  I understand smoking and smoke, smoke is a very hard – smoke does not – does not...
I think smoking should be banned in the restaurant because smoking destroys your health, your body, and your tongue.  If you smoke in the restaurant, you cannot enjoy the food – delicious food.  It is useless, it is waste of time and money and food.  You should not smoke in the restaurant, and second – secondly smoke spreads and you as a customer cannot enjoy the delicious dish.  It is very immoral.  Smoking should be banned in the restaurant.

I agree with this idea because smoking is bad for not only the persons but also around the people – around that person.  Especially kids have a worst effect than adult people.  To protect kids, smoking should be stop – stopped.  So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.

I agree this opinion.  It's true that we should consider the position of persons who want to eat tobaccos, but if they use tobaccos they will give a lot of poisons to - not only to themselves but also other persons around them.  In additions, at restaurants there are a lot of children, tobaccos are very dangerous for them.  I propose another – I propose that we should make the special room to separate tobaccos.

Hi, I disagree with this idea because – of course I know smoking is bad for our health.  However, I also know that some people absorbed in smoking and they cannot enjoy their life without smoking.  So, I think that it is the best way to set separate rooms – separate two rooms; one room is for smokers and the another room is for non-smokers – to do so both type of people enjoy their dinnertime and can feel comfortable, so...

I disagree with smoking at restaurant because smoking harm person's body.  So if – if someone who smoke they maybe don't mind but like me someone who don't smoke it is very bad.  So people who smoke should be careful.
I agree with this statement because with – because no smoking people get harm.  The harm is get into – get the – get the passive smoking.  Passive smoking has a possibility to get lung cancer even if they are not smokers.  So – so smoking people can smoke in other area or smoking people can – cannot be – cannot smoke in restaurant but they – they only want – want to smoke in that area because of this addiction.  So – so no smoking people is not – is not bad about this point.  So we – we should [***] the no smoking people...
I think smoking is – should be banned at the restaurant or other public space because not only – not only the people who smoke can be damaged, no smokers also can be damaged.  So if they want to smoke at – if they want to smoke, they should smoke at home.  I think smoking and food can be together...
Smoking shouldn't be banned in all of the restaurants.  Some people smoking is harmful to the – not only the smoker but also to the people founding smoker.  But actually, it's not true.  Smoker and smoking is separated from the public space it's scientifically proven and I think all restaurants should have two kind of room, smoking room and not smoking room so that the restaurant can have the smoker customer and non smoker customer.  They can obtain much benefit and smoker doesn't have to annoyed by being...
I am agree with no smoking at restaurant because the tobacco smell is so strong that – that it degrade the – the beautiful smell of dishes.  Some people like tobacco smell but lot of people do not then tobacco – tobacco smell some – some people are – tobacco smell spread very, very – tobacco smell spread in the room and not – not only near the – near the...
No smoking is good thing in the restaurant.  Smoking people should – should smoke outside the restaurant.  They can smoke there because it is harmful for the old people, children, and other surrounding people.  Taste is good – taste is – smoking is not good for health so I think all restaurant is – all restaurant in...
I agree with the statement ban the smoking in the restaurant.  Cigarette smoke has bad effect on people on the those who are smoking and in the restaurant when some people are smoking other people might think the food or drinks taste bad and so and the food isn't very, very good also.
I – I agree with this statement no smoking at restaurant.  I have two reasons.  First, smoking gives many people bad – bad influence and feeling.  Second smoking – smoke is not healthy, for example, it is discourage – it is a little discourage for me to breath because of smoking and so...
I think smoking should be banned everywhere because there are some reasons.  Firstly, it is bad for body and it is bad for your own body but also bad for your friend's body when you smoke with.  As for me when I hang out with my friends and we have – when we have food with my friends, my friend sometime smoke even I – even I told him please don't smoke and it smell bad after...
I disagree that plan because still we have some way to protect nonsmoker in that area such as restaurant or hotel or something.  Actually, we can do some separation – the time separation or smoking separation – the place separation or so.  Well, actually, by doing that we can protect the nonsmoker.  Still, we can do that.  Well, in that sense, we do not have to do such extreme plan for nonsmokers.  That's why I disagree that plan.
I agree that this question because when I was child, my father is very smoker and I – I didn't like smoking smell.  And smoking is bad for health and we – the people who don't smoke will be bad for health too.  So – and when I – when – when the smoker is smoking in restaurant, we want to – we want to eat a good taste, good taste food but by smoking – smell is – smell tends to be not good, so I can...

I think completely banning the smoking on restaurant is not good that - it's because some people, they smoke and – in the restaurant for their communication like in the way of business or communicate with some like strange people like – so it's one important ways to communicate.  Although I don't like smoking and I hate their – the smell, but that kind of nonsmoker's opinion can be solved by restaurant's efforts like dividing the room or ban partly.  So if restaurants do that, we cannot – we won't get harm of this...
I agree with this statement because smoking is very bad for human body.  Smoke make every human unhappy.  Smoking should be banned by nation or country because it is difficult to stop smoking by – by self-efforts.  I think it is good to give the money to – give the money for stop smoking.
I disagree because all people must have the life to choose their lifestyle as they like.  Even if the smoking is troublesome for other people, but it is – can – can make more better – better by the way – by the makers like dividing the area for smokers or – and the nonsmoker, so the society not ban, not – have to ban – ban smoking everywhere.
I agree with this opinion because smoking has no good point, for example in my father's case, when my father bought tobacco, my mother – my mother gets angry, why you bought tobacco, because tobacco is very expensive and tobacco is bad – deficient for body.  And tobacco gets – is very bad deficient for smoke – not only – not only the smoker, but also surrounded people.  So smoking is – smoking has no good point, so I think - I agree with this opinion.  Tobacco is...
I agree with this statement.  It's because smoking in the restaurant have bad impact on others who don't – don't do smoke or smoking.  It – it make bad effect on children or health – people who is healthy.  It makes them their stomach or bodies bad, but prevents they – they – them growing up, so it's bad for others who don't smoke.


Smoking should be totally banned in res – restaurants.  It is because – it is because it is harmful – harmful for people to breath with smoke – smoke given off from smokers.  But, if this is – this is – this is important – this is important for manners – manners – manners is educate – educate and manners is important in restaurants.  So, this is important for not – to not smoke – not smoke for – for – for keeping this – keeping restaurants in atmosphere to good – good not – not will – not go...





I agree.  In my opinion smoking is harmful for not only our body, but also other people.  In restaurants if – if some – some people smoking it is unhappy while eating we eat smoke too and smoking would rise the rate of [***] lung cancer and if parents are smoking their children will smoke too, it is bad.  So, smoking people who smoke should not smoke in public place, for example, restaurant in the park and sideway and so on.





I agree with the statement because smoking makes the bad effect to human's health.  If someone smoke in restaurant or bar it effect the badly to other customers and workers in there and smoking cause cancer and other diseases.  So, nonsmoking is good for everyone's health.  Considering other country many countries are banning smoking in restaurants.  So, Japan should follow the current and Japan should be banned smoking in restaurant and bars.  It's good for children's health especially...





I agree with the opinion because smoking is – smoking has bad – bad influence on our health and many people giving – give up smoking for – for considering their health.  For example, my father.  But few – few people can – cannot live without smoking and I understand their feelings but and so – so at the restaurants – they – they couldn't – they couldn't smoke but we – we – we prepare – prepared smoking room for them.  So – so – so they can't – can't smoke at the restaurant but they...





I disagree.  We should not ban smoking completely.  It is because smoking is the right for the smokers.  If really we ban smoking completely, current smokers have trouble this is to dominate the right of smokers.  It is [***] to dominate the right of the smokers.  Some people will pay in fact smoking is danger for the smokers, but many smokers recognize how dangerous smoking is on the box of...





I agree with prohibit smoking because smoking give – give me – given only smoking giving you only harm not only me but also any – any other part people.  Some people say that smoking may – can make a community, but I think it's no use to make a community by such harmful ways.  We can make community with any – any other way such as a tea party or going into club activities and I have of course naturally, so I am a – I am getting – so – so I will get this...





Some – some independent area many smoking places in restaurants – restaurants and supermarket, but sometimes there is not wall between – between smoking places and not smoking places.  So, so first the first we have first things we have to do is not bad smoking but – but make – make walls between both – both places or places.  So – so that will make most of smokers as nonsmokers comfortable living.





Yes, I agree with this opinion because smoking is bad influence for our body and I – for example, smoking lead some bad disease like cancer.  Smoking – smoking – my grandfather was died because of the smoking cancer – cancer.  So, he was heavy smoker so I don't like smoking that was the reason for I don't like smoking and if and if we were learned about smoking's bad influence when I was when we were children and high school or junior high school.  So, we will – many people feel don't comfortable – don't feel comfortable about smoking.  So, here that is so we shouldn't...





I disagree with this statement.  For sure, smoking is not good for health especially for children or pregnant.  But, in – but there are many people who smoke tobacco and – uhh – enjoy doing enjoy smoking.  So – uhh – banning smoking is not – is not good for smokers and this means smoker – smokers lose their hobby or way of getting – getting rid of stress.  This...





I agree this – with this statement and smoking is – smoking bad influence – influence of my body – of our body and in a restaurant, we enjoy food and food – smell of food but when I smelt – when – when we smelt smoking smell I feel bad – we feel bad and not – no smoking people want to – want not to smell...





I disagree with the idea smoking should prohibited by – prohibited in country – the – allow it and they claim that people who have – who have smoked don't have right to force them to do but unfortunately they also don't have right to prohibit smo – to force people who – who smoke to stop it.  So I think that making specific place where smoking people can smoke is a better solu...





I think that smoking in a restaurant should be allowed but at the same time, I think that the people who work at restaurant should decide where to smoke and people who smoke should smoke where they should smoke.  People who smoke and people who don't smoke should – should [***] and people who smoke should think other people who don't smoke around the people smoke.  I also think...





I agree with the idea.  Smoking is not good for our health and the smell is so bad when we eat something and in restaurant maybe some children – there are some children, so especially for children it is not – not good for health.  So we shouldn't smoke in restaurant.





I disagree with smoking and my teacher smoke and said smoke is delicious and I – I want to die earlier.  My teacher had – have a family and – and my teacher smoke.  Smoke is not good for – for the baby.  I think my teacher have to stop smoking for – for his family.  In my family, my mother and father don't smoke for – for – for us, so if I have – I have my family...





I agree with this statement because if there are smokers at – in restaurant, we cannot enjoy food because smoker will throw smoke out cannot – make food not delicious.  So if you want to enjoy eating food you must – you must not – you must don't smoke.  Smoking is bad for many people's health.  Smoking is not only bad for smo...





I disagree.  People can smoke and also can hate smoking.  So people can smoke and people can hate smoke.  But I don't think people can smoke everywhere.  Smoking area should be in the restaurant or building, so if – so people who smoke and hate smoking...



