I agree with ban – ban to smoking in restaurant.  I have – I have three reason – two, three reasons.  First, the smoking is bad – bad for – bad for food.  And second, smoking is bad for – bad – harm – harm for children – children healthy.  Third, the – the restaurant – the restaurant have to – have to prepare smoking area.  It is very – the restaurant is very – very hard to prepare it.  The smoking is can - lung – smoker – smoker will have lung cancer.  So we will have to ban.

I agree smoking should be completely banned at all in restaurant because I – I think smoking will harm other people.  We can – we – we – we want to save our – our health but smoke is – smoke do harm us.  So I think I – I think smoking should be completely banned at all.

I agree with this statement because smoking is a completely bad thing.  For example, many little boy and girls endangered by people who smoking.  And smoking is not – not – smoking has - haven't – smoking don't have anything good.

I think smoking should ban in all restaurants.  Smoking has – smoking have many problem in environmental and people's health.  Smoking – smoking is – it is problem that smoking caused many damage by smoking oneself not only but also smoke – around people by smoking.  Heavy smoker is so – heavy smoker is many damage in his body.  So you can ban seriously it.

I disagree this statement because smoking is bad for health for smokers and around the smokers for – around the smoker, it's for health is bad.  So - and in restaurant is eating place.  So in eating place we should not smoke - smoking.

I agree this statement because lot of people cannot – if someone smoke at the restaurant, a lot of people can – cannot enjoy eating and speaking.  And the smokes of the cigarettes is bad for people's – people's health – health.  And smoking is risk – have a high risk of the cancer of – cancer and so, especially babies and childrens, so I can't...

I am disagree with that content because if completely ban smoking in the restaurant, who – people who smoke is going to smoke outside of the restaurant and smoke.  So it is – it is no use to ban completely.  So, it is important to make space for only smoke – smoking room.  So, I disagree the content.  And I am – I – I think it is important to space is small.

I completely agree with this statement.  I have two reasons.  One reason is smoking is not only smokers but also people are under him.  Second reason is smoking is very bad for our bodies.  We have to try stop smoking – smoke.  And we should do – do exercise much more for enjoy our own lives.

I agree this – agree with this opinion.  Some – some people like smoking but many people dislike smoking.  Now, it is increasing the number people dislike smoking.  So I agree this – agree with this opinion.

I agree this opinion because I – first point is smoke is very bad for health.  If – if among smoke – smoke other people get – get smoke and I hate smoke.  If people smoke – smoke a lot maybe he or she get...
I agree the topic.  Smoking is – smoking is not good.  Smoking people – if people smoke, they – their body is not good and people who don't speak not good by bracing [***] the smoking.  So smoking is only bad...
I don't agree with the statement that smoker – smoking is bad in all restaurant.  I disagree with the statement.  Many people say that smoking is bad to our body but I think that smoker also have the right to smoking – to smoke.  But in restaurant smoking person and no smoking person is crowded.  Smokers smoke the smoke with no smoker...
I agree with no smoking in restaurant, because smoking – smoking makes the – this is – this – this is bad with just smoke – smoke smells.  So this is – have good smell of the own, but - but if I – I'm in the restaurant, I want to smell good dishes and good smell.  So, I don't want to be making dishes bad with smoke.
I agree the smoking should be banned.  I think smoking is bad for health, not only smoker, but also nonsmoker, for example child and human – and nonsmoker.  It is true that smoker is very sad and I agree for that, but if they not smoke, they can health for their...


I agree with this statement.  I think we should not smoking because smoking is not bad [***] for our body.  If I – we – we smoke around people may bad things.  The second reason is – is the smo – smo – smoking is very expensive.  I think the cost for smoking is...





In my opinion I agree to ban smoking because first it is harmful for health and second it is harmful not only yourself, but also other people it's harmful too.  So, I think – uhh – in – for – for social people smoking it should be banned by government or other – other...





I – I think smoke is so bad so I – I – I be – believe smoking we can – we can smoke – we can smoke in all restaurants and rest – in restaurants when parents sometimes take – take their baby so – so smoking is so – so bad but influence for their baby in smoking is...



I agree with statement that smoking should be banned in restaurant and any place and smoking is – smoking has the bad effects on around the people not only smoking people, children and women have bad – bad influence by smoking people on your health.  So, many other restaurants there are many people smoke this place in this place people don't – don't have to smoking in this...




I agree with this statement.  I have two reasons.  First reason is smokers give out many bad materials when they smoke.  These materials may cause cancer.  So, I want to stop smoking when they – when they smoke around me.  Second reason is to smoke is dangerous for children.  If they catch fire from smoke – smokers they may – they may caught – they may fire...





I agree this idea.  These are two reasons.  First, some people don't like smoking.  When we are eating in the restaurant, many people don't smell that smoke smell.  And second, smoking is not healthy.  If someone smoking near the people, the people is not smoking but very...





I think smoking in restaurant is bad.  I – if – if one person smoking there, smoke flavor is bad for around peoples health and it – smoking is bad for smoker and around people.  It is bad for their health and smoke flavor is very bad.  I hate it.  So, I think smoking is bad.  So, I agree this opinion.  Smoke is...





I agree with the opinion because I think smoking is bad and smoking make other people bad.  So I think – and people smoking in restaurant is especially banned.  I think children feel bad because smoking is bad smell – children smell bad, so we have to prohibit smoking in restaurants and smoking make – a smoking person make...





I don't disag – I don't agree with this idea.  Smoking does more harm than – for ourselves but restaurants are used by a lot of people who have different backgrounds.  So some people smoking is – to smoke, they can have break.  So this idea, I don't think it is – I don't think good – it – it is good.





I agree with the statement because smoke of tobacco make not only smoking people but also not smoking people have, and smell smoke of tobacco in eating will make taste of restaurant food bad.  I think smoking...





I agree to this opinion.  My father is a heavy smoker and my family and I always feel uncomfortable because my house is filled with smoke.  The smoke – cigarette affects not only smoker but also other – other people.  So, I think it – in public places, it should be banned.  Especially, it affects infants...





I agree this idea because smoking is – is bad effective for our health.  It is proved by science.  Smoking is very – is – people – if you – if you smoking in – in that area, other people thinks it – it is bad.  And, other people smoke – other people are affected this – but effective too.  So smoking is – is effective in – in this area.





I agree with it.  Smoking is very, very, very cool but it give our bad things – bad – bad some – bad something – something bad.  We – smoking people give others something bad.  Smoking is very smell – smoking is...





I agree bad behavior because smoking is harm to – smoking – smoking is harm to human bodies, especially lung or [***] and smoke, if you – when people – when people smoking – when people smoke in the restaurants or public place, this behavior make disease which is – which is restaurant of – offer – become not good.  So they need – they – they not smoke at all in that place, actually restaurant or...





I agree with this idea because I don't like smoke – smoke, so I – I don't like see smoking people and I – I also – I also bad feeling and – and I think smoking makes me – give me bad thing.  For example, we become – cancer – lung cancer, so it is so bad thing.  So – and my grandpa is too – too smoker so he get – he got lung cancer and...





I support a ban about – about smoking.  Smoking in public place such as eating and drinking place or hospital or theatre or school for a reason – there are some reasons.  The harmful effect of tobacco on – on else for its smoker are well known and it – it affect other around – around smokes – it smoke...



I think we have to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country.  I have three reasons; first, smoking is bad for children's health.  Public - public space – at public space we have to ban smoking.  Second, smoking is bad for food.  Restaurant is eating space, so we have to stop smoking.  Third, at rest – rest – after smoking restaurant have to restore – restore smoking – smoking dust.  It is hard to – hard to rest – rest – restaurant side – restaurant side, so we have to stop – we have to stop smoking.

I agree.  Smoking should be completely banned at all in restaurant because smoking do harm other people.  We can avoid smoking's harm.  We want to save our – our health.  Smoker – so smoker should smoke in – outside of restaurant, and restaurant should prepare some place to smoke for smoker.  I – I think smoker – smokers have a right to smoke, but I agree smoking should be completely banned at all.

I agree with this statement because they are not good things to smoke and – and lot of bad things.  To smoke it one – to smoke one and the body who smoke and around the people who smoke.  To ban smoking is important because I think to – to ban smoking is good for people who smoke and – and good for people who not smoke.

I think we should ban the smoking in all restaurants.  Smoking have many cause in my – our body and our environment.  Smoking cause by not only people in smoking oneself but also around people – people around smoking people.  So, my father smoke – my father is a heavy smoker; I think he – he is so bad – bad effect.  We should completely ban smoking.

I agree this statement because smoking is bad for our health, and eating place it's so bad – and more bad, and smoking is bad for smoking person and smoking more bad for around the smoking person – around – people around the smoking person.  So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.

I agree with this statement.  In lunchtime or suppertime many people in restaurants, including children and babies – the smokes from cigarettes is bad for smokers' health, also around people's health, and if someone smokes in restaurants other people cannot enjoy eating, and speaking, and have bad effect for children to see someone smokes – smokes.  So, I agree this statement.

I don't agree this statement because if smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country, the smoking people will going to smoke outside of the restaurant or – and for example on the street or in the park or in the parking area.  It is more dangerous for people to use the floor, so I think it is more happy – happier to – for smoking people and non-smoking people to make smoking area or smoking room to – smoking room.  So, I think it is im...

I agree with this statement.  Restaurant should ban smoking completely for - everyone can enjoy eating – eating.  I have two reasons for this statement.  One reason is smoking is bad for health – health.  Second reason is it is not only smokers but also people around him.  We can enjoy our own rights to stop smoking, not only restaurants but also other public space.

I agree with this opinion.  Actually, some people like smoking, but many – many, many people dislike smoking, and it is increasing number people dislike smoking.  So, many restaurants should ban smoking.  Smoking is bad for us.

And per meal if people smoke it is good for meal.  So feel so bad and taste – feels taste bad.  So people don't smoke in restaurant.
It is bad for – for our bodies to smoke and smoking is not only people who smoke but also people who don't smoke is bad.  And so smoking is – smoking should be – smoking is – should smoke – smoking should be...
I don't agree with the statement that smoking is bad in all the restaurant.  I agree with the statement.  Many people say that smoking is bad to our body.  But it is too – it is too much of course but I think that smokers also have the right to smoke.  If smoker – if smoker smoke with no smoker in the restaurant, of course, it is too bad.  It affects the bad condition to non-smoker.
I agree with no smoking in restaurants because the smoking – smoking makes the dishes bad with the smoke.  The dishes have the smell with – with their bad smoke.  I can – we can – you can – you can smell the dishes – dishes with their smoke – with smoke, so – and –so...
I disagree smoking.  Smoking is bad for health and smoker is doing smoking.  They will - they short their lives.  And you have to think I want to stop just smoking.  My father is smoking secretly but I want to stop him and I want to - him.  He is wrong.


I agree this statement.  I think we should not smoke in restaurants.  The first reason is the smoking is not bad for our body.  If I – if we smoking around people may not live bad thing out their self and the food is feel not bad.  The second reason is the smoking is very expensive.  I think the smoking – the cost for smoking is very bad.





In my opinion smoke I agree to ban smoking because I think it – it is very harmful for – for himself to smoking and second I think it is not only have not only himself but also other – other peoples.  So, I think it is it should ban to smoking for social.  So, it is okay I think it is ban by smoking by government or other organization.





I think nonsmoking restaurant is so good because – umm – smoke is – smoke is – smoke is – isn't good at all for or – or – for our bodies and smoke is so – so smoke – smoking is I when I was – when I – when I eat food smoke is – isn't – is not – is bad because...





Now for example in Japan this [***] is spared [***].  We enjoy talking and eating without smoking or smoke.  Smoking – smoking time is bad influence.  People want to – want to – want to smoke they go out in waiting time to smoke.  But, one smoking time they – they can smoke so they...





I agree with this statement.  I have two reasons.  First reason is smokers give out many bad materials when they smoke.  These materials may cause cancer.  So, I want to stop smoking when they smoke around me.  Second reason is to smoke is dangerous for children.  If they – if they catch fire from the – the cigarette they may be injured from the fire.  So, if I was mother I want to stop smoking around children.  So, but smokers may not stop smoking immediately so I...





I agree this idea and these are two reasons.  First, some people don't like smoking.  When we are eating in the restaurant, the smoking smell not good to eat food and second smoking is not healthy to our body.  If someone smoking near some people, then some people not good and they are healthy and they didn't smoking.





I think this – I agree this opinion because I think smoking – if one person smoke in restaurant, around people is not feel – does not feel good because smoking however is bad for their health and smoking is bad for health – and around people's health and the smoker's health.  So I think smoking in restaurant is very bad, so I agree this opinion.  Smoking is bad...





I think smoking is bad because I think that smoking is – smoking person make himself bad and more smoking make other's health bad.  So I think smoking in restaurant prohibit people and smoking – children smell smoking and when children smell smoke – smoking feel – they feel bad, so I think smoking is bad in restaurant.  I think smoking is prohibited in restaurant especially.  I had...





I don't agree with this idea.  Sorry – smoking doesn't – there is no harm – smoking does no harm and good for our health but restaurant used by a lot of people who are different upfront and so some people smoke – so smoking – some people have like to smoke so for this I should be....





I agree with the statement because smoke of tobacco make not only smoking people but also other people harm and smell smoke of tobacco and eating make taste of restaurant's cooking bad.  I think smoking in restaurant should be banned so that all people in restaurant...





I – I agree this opinion.  My father is a heavy smoker and although he smoke apart from – from us but my family and I always feel uncomfortable because my house is filled with smoke.  Many people think so too.  So I think it should be banned in public places.  Cigarette affect us – cigarette affect not only smokers but also other peo...





I think I agree – I agree this idea because smoking is – is bad addictive for our – our health.  It is proved by science, science report.  If you smoke in res – restaurant, other people think it is bad and other people feels bad – bad.  Smoking is very addictive by – by other people's health too.  So it is bad – bad to smoke in public area, so – so we must stop smoking in public area and smoke – smoking is only – only our house.





I agree with it.  Smoking is very bad.  It give – give our something bad.  Smoking people give other people bad and smoking is – smoking make the food we eat – food we eat – we are eating undelicious...





I agree that behavior not – no smoking in a restaurant.  Smoking is harm to human body especially lung and – and make people – smoking make people some – smoking suffer people from very bad – bad thing – bad illness.  And if they – if they – if people smoke in a restaurant, this is – which – which is from restaurant.





I agree with this idea because at a restaurant, I want to – I want to enjoy eating.  So if we – if we find smoker, I was feeling so bad and so around people feeling but – not only but also – they not only feeling bad but also get disaster [***].  So and – I think smoke is bad because I – because we smoke – smoke – if we smoke we get lung cancer.





I support a ban on smoking in public place such as eating and drinking place or hospital or theatre or school.  There are reason.  The harmful effect of tobacco on – on each health are well known and the tobacco effect – tobacco harmful effect – effect of tobacco on health – and other people.  It is bad point.  If – if they – they smoke many tobacco, other people cause...



