
 
So Japanese students showcase of about society.  So, having a part-time job is important to them I agree this – this – this idea.  But study is also important for them.  Too much part-time is also not good for them.  So, they should have a part-time job.  Part-time job is – but too much work is...




 
Part-time job is good, so I think – uhh – many – many people will graduate the university.  So – uhh – work – work company and so we can get skills.  So, company working – work – working people and get part-time job is get money, so money is anything you like, money – money is and so part-time job is very important experience give students.  So...




 
I disagree the idea college students have part-time job.  I have some reasons.  First college student should study.  If they have part-time job they can't study much time.  Second, in the future they must work hard.  So, they need not to work when they are college students.  I think it is more important for them to enjoy their class.  For these reasons I think it is not good to have part-time job when they are college...





I agree this opinion because I think it's important to work and learn a lot of things from many people.  If you – if you haven't done a part-time job and – and you work and – and you get a job, you will – you will – you will have many troubles, so I think – and – -and - and college students needs money for...





But taking a lot of time for – time for part-time job is bad thing.  I think that it is problem to study academic and so stu – student – student - I – it is most important for student to study academic – academic.  So, it is important the balance part-time job or study.





I agree with to have part-time job because nowadays many – before we enter company, we have to have social skills and we can brush-up our social skills by part-time job, and second, we have to – and – and university students have to manage our money by ourselves – by themselves so because it – it is res – responsibility to – for university student.  Nowadays, many people say that it is not good for having part-time jobs...





I don't agree with the point – point because regularly just universe – university students are too busy there to – with their part-time job, and they can't study enough at the university at the – their college – at college.  They pay high school fee, but they can't study enough.  So, it – it waste of time.





I agree this topic.  The reason is two; first, the university student need to money.  For – for example, university student play – plays – play bowling, plays karaoke, plays club activity, and trip.  Univer – because university student have to money and they should learn to – should earn money.  Secondly, university student if – if – if university student part-time – do part-time job, they – they learn to society, and university student...





I agree – I agree with this stat – statement, because it is – it needs large money but I going – go to university and my parent needs – parent's income can't cover for my school fees.  So I – so I work – I agreed with having part-time job for – for college student.





I think it is important for university students to work part-time job, because I can – I can earn money for working part-time job and I can meet many different kinds of people.  I can learn what I can't learn at school, and – and I can – I can get power to resolve difficult thing, and if – if foreign – foreign people come to the store, I can – I speak – I have to speak to them in English, and I can get out – I – ability to speak English.





I agree with this idea.  I have two reason to support this idea; firstly, we can experience important – important – we can – important things to do social things, so before we enter the company, we should experience such a thing, so I – I think we should do our part-time job.  Secondly uni – university students are very – university students are very costly for the parents because they are – they – they – they have to receive living cost or entering university cost, so if we do part-time job, we can – we can – we can erase the burden.





I agree this – this statement.  I have two – two reasons for – for this and I will say one by one.  And firstly, unfortunately in gen – in general students don't have – don't get experiments you need to work or job and – and in addition, they – they didn't studying hard and harder especially only studying, and so, they need to get experiment for – in works or job, for example, part-time job, and secondly, some students have – have not enough money to go to college, and so they need – need to earn the money, so...



I agree with this opinion.  This is because part-time job has possibility to decide the – our life.  Okay - I talk – from now on I talk the reason.  In my case, I love – I really, really love my part-time job.  My part-time job is working at the FamilyMart and I love FamilyMart and the – all – all my store staff is very good persons and I – I want to join FamilyMart in the future.  That's why part-time job is good for college - college student.

I agree with this opinion.  That's because we must do – we must do so for living oneself.  Actually, I live in local by myself.  It is very hard to use little money.  My life is very hard.  I try to keep saving, so for students part-time job is important.

I agree with this statement.  This is because I think that part-time job is good experience for the future.  I think that work is necessary for all people.  If you have never work and when you graduated from university you have to work.  You of course this but that don't study and...

I disagree with this statement because importance for university student is to study, so I know the person who work – work for part-time job many times and she cannot take the classes and she can't graduate the school.  It's the most – it's very – it's very sad story, so I think student should be – should be studying, not - not work very hard but work is – little work is important, because the part-time job story – part-time job tells them the importance of relationship with other people.

I agree because student need lot of money.  This money is buying textbooks and so on and – and student give – give the university lot of money.

Hi, I agree with this state...  Actually, I don't like...  I don't agree with this statements because part-time job is so hard, so we can't wake up in the - next morning, so we often can't attend – we can't often attend class, so we can't – we can't study in university.  That's why I think it's not important for university students.

I agree this idea because we university student much - spent much money.  For example, for campus [***] cost, lunch or something - so this money is...  We earn such money, so we have to earn this money for - by work ourselves.

I agree with the idea because when – if – because if we have a part-time job we will – we will earn money by myself – by ourselves – if –when we – when we have a part-time job in college – while we are college students we can – no – we use money – we often use money in – in every day, so we – so I think we have to use money efficiently by – by having a part-time job and earning money by ourselves, I think so.

I agree with this opinion – statement.  That is because working is help us for growing mental and working part-time job help us for understanding importance of money, so I think that we should have – work part-time job.  Part-time job is very – very, very benefit.

I disagree with this idea because students should study in their school and they can learn about their society after they graduate their – graduated their university and they – if they have time they should use their time for learning other countries and going abroad or studying – studying anything that they are interested in.  I think that the time is limited so they should – should precious their time.

I agree with this opinion, and I think part-time jobs is important for college students because first college student can makes – can make money by part-time – doing part-time jobs and secondly working is very important for college students because college students is very, very before – very time before people start to work, so I agree this opinion.

Hello, I agree with the idea - to - agree with the idea to work part-time.  I want money very much.  I want many money because if we have many money – we have many money we can play with friend many time and - and get many things and buy many things even if this is very expensive.  But I want – I don't want to get money from parents.  I want money by myself, so I want to work part-time.

I agree this statement.  This is because we university students have something that we wanted to do.  For example, go to – go to somewhere we want to go or eat – eat good food or go to – go to university [***], so we have...

I agree with this statement.  I have a lot of reasons for it.  The largest reason for it is when – when we have a part-time job we have a nice experience.  When we – when we – we work in the company, we – we –we – we –we – we – we use the experience and...  But...

I disagree with this statement because I think college students should study firstly.  It is good thing for work – work but we should study, so I think.  If we work, we - we learn something new thing but we lose studying time, so we can work after graduated but we can't study after graduated, so I think should study and less sleeping time is not good for studying, so we think studying – our studying firstly.

I am disagree this statement because students have to study at university.  If we began work at anywhere we have to work even if we have a test and so if we have to work every weekends, we – we should – we must work and if we have – we can't study enough for the test, so I am disagreed at this statement and study – study is important for every students and so student...

I disagree with this opinion because part-time jobs sacrifice precious time for university students, so if – if enough university students have enough money they don't need to do part-time job, and I think university students have many other important thing than part-time job.

I disagree this idea because I think student should study – study and there is social time we have in this period.  We should come – should do things only - which can only do this time so – and arubaito– to arubaito is can do in other time.  For example, in adult.

I disagree this ideas because doing part-time jobs sometimes is difficult to prepare the test or study it, so – but if the parents of student have not enough money the students should do part-time jobs and get money to do – do anything and so my ideas is studying the most important things I think so...

I am for this state [***] because money is very important and we should – we should work for money and, so I am - I work for money and I – I use money for myself.  If – if you – if you don't work – work part-time job, you can't get money and you – you maybe rely – rely on someone, so you should – you should work – work for – work part-time job, not to – not to rely on someone and...

Hi, I am agree with part time job.  This is because we will know real society with part time job.  We – we can – w we can study in the university but we can't – we can't see real – real society in our – in our university.  And we can know [***] with part time job.  We usually – we usually study English in the class but...
I agree because doing part time job will give many important thing to student.  So and they can learn about a part of the world they live in.  They can meet various people around – around them.  So that is – that is very helpful for them after – after...
I – I cannot – I cannot answer great about this statement because so many university student need – need money by their self for – for the short of their money.  Their family cannot send enough money to them so they – they earn money for their self.  If other people brought money...
I agree with this statement because I – I have part time job.  Before I was not – before I not work – still I was not work, I can't – I can't understand how difficult to get money.  But after I get money myself, I use money more carefully and I – I didn't stick with a bad person before take much – before I...
I agree with this statement.  I have many reasons.  First, college said that – many college student don't have much money so we can earn money by – by working as a part-time job.  Secondly, we can encourage student can learn society by part time job.  And we can't learn other society with – on the desk or listening teacher's lecture.  So we – we, I.
Okay, I disagree with this statement.  I have two reasons.  Firstly, there is more – there is more important thing but – but part time for example club activities, studying, and researching something so anything example.  Two is do that I think they – they don't' have to join – they don't have to do part time job.  Secondly, if maybe they have – maybe they lost opportunity to join other activity and people cannot attend other activity because of their part time job.  So for this two reasons I think I disagree...
I agree this statement because the half time, he – he – he get his money for himself.  He experience the – and he experience the rule of society and he think the import – the important thing for him and he – he – he – he – if he don't part time job, he will...

I agree – I agree with this statement because – because – because student – university student need – need much money because they – they go to restaurant and – and during – during vacation, they – they traveling around, but some – some students take a part-time job too many times.  I don't – I – I disagree with that.  They are – some students sleep – sleep during...
I agree this part-time job.  I think part-time – part-time job is the experience that joined the member of social.  And they get experience to get the money by themselves.  And part-time job is – get money is...
I disagree because the university is to study – to study, so university is to – not to work part-time job, but part-time job is not – is not a – no – part-time job is to – to learn – learn the society to – so – but university is to study hard.
I disagree the statement.  I think the students have to more – have to study more hardly, so most important thing is spend on studying - studying their subjects.  I think money is – I think their parents have to deliver money to their children.
I agree with the – I agree with that statement because students is 20 years old and 19 years old.  They are adults, so they have to earn money because they have many time and they don't – they should not – they should not spend time not only studying.  They should – the money for schools – schools, classes' money, so I think...
I disagree that university students have part-time job.  I – now, I don't have part-time job, but many of my friends have part – part-time job.  The reason I don't – I don't think – I don't think university student must have part-time job is many students give – give up – many students give up the – having class because of the – because of the part-time jobs.  My friends – some of my friends say I have part-time job in the afternoon so I – I can't have the class in the afternoon, but I think it is the – I think it is...
I agree the opinion.  It is important that university students have part-time job because part-time job is – part-time job is our school life – a part-time job makes our school life is very fun and happy.  Part-time jobs get us – to get money and we can – we can do many things by the payment.  That's why...


I am disagree with this statement because part-time job is not good students because students can't study for – for part-time job.  Uhh – we university students need – need to study hard because we pay very much money to university.  So, we – we must study hard.  But, if – if we have part-time job we can't have time for studying many time so we can't study and we can't sleep very much.  It's not good for...




 
I think it is important for students to work have a part-time job – job.  Students have by taking part-time job they can – they can study about – about many things they probably study.  But these days Japanese student do – do not study about too much study but they are – they are not – not they don't know much about society.  So, taking up...




 
I am agree this statement because I have many – I mainly think that I have learned through – through my part-time job and get many skills so communication skills and presentation skills and power and so on and cooperation with other person and I am get many money I am get a lot of money so and I go to – I go to trip [***] and I go to shopping and so part-time job is very...




 
I disagree with the idea that college students have part-time job.  I have some reasons.  First, college students – students should study.  If they have part-time job they can't study very much.  Second, in the future they must work hard.  So, they need not to work when they are college students.  For these reasons I think college students have part-time job if part...





I agree this opinion.  The reason is that it is important to work and learn lot of things from people and the other reason is that college students needs a lot of – needs a lot of money.  They just earn money for playing with students, buying favorite coffees [***] and so on.  So, I think college student need a part-time job and...





I agree student to work part-time job because working part-time job taught – taught me about social – sociality and some – some people have to – have to earn money to pay school fee and taking a lot of time...





I agree with this statement and university student – student should do part-time – part-time jobs because we have to – we have to have social skills before we – we enter in – in company.  So, we have to have part-time jobs and we have to manage our money by ourself and – because it is responsibility for college student and – and when if we can earn money and...





I don't agree with the topic because college student – now college student too busy to the part-time job and they can't study enough.  So, they – they – they can – university student can't study, so...





I agree this topic.  Why?  Because – because the reason is two.  First, university student have need to money.  University student kara – play karaoke, play the bowling, play the club, they need – they need money and secondly university student learn – learn to society.  Part-time job tells me – tells us of work – work is hard and work is very...





My opinion, I agree with having part-time job for college student because to – because it is large money for go to – for going to the university and in my case I don't – my parent income don't cover my...





I think it is important that college student work part-time job.  There is a lot of reason.  I talk about some of them.  First, we can get money – earn money for after working part-time –after working part-time job and when – when work with a lot of people I can meet – there are many different people.  I can – I can know a lot – I can learn how to many – how to think and I can learn what I can – I could – I can't learn at – at school...





I agree with this idea.  I think the university student should do part-time job.  I have two reasons to support this idea.  Firstly, we can experience social – social working, social task, so before I – before we enter the company we can – we can experience such a – such a thing, so it is a very important experience for us.  So, I think we should do part-time job and secondly many – many – many uni – university students are burden for their parents because they cost a lot of money to enter this university...





I agree and I don't agree this statement.  This is because – sorry, I have two reasons.  So, I – I will explain one by one.  So, firstly, in the [***] student – students – students usually don't have experiment need to work or job.  So students tend to – tend to study harder and harder especially only studying.  So, very – you don't have experiments for works and job and so secondly...



I agree with this problem.  This is because part-time job is a possibility to decide our lives.  Actually, in my case, my part-time job decide my life.  I work at FamilyMart.  FamilyMart is a convenience store.  I am thrilled working at FamilyMart.  I love this job very much.  For example, my – my office partners are very good persons and I interested in this job very much.  So, that's why I want to – I want to join at FamilyMart Corporation after I graduated from this – I graduated this school.  So that's why my part-time job decide my life and I agree with problem.  For college student, part-time job has a possibility to decide our lives, so part-time job is important.

I agree with this opinion.  That's because for students it is important to get money.  For example, I belong to Ice Hockey Club and I give in local by myself.  Ice Hockey is very – Ice Hockey has to – money.  So I – I need more money.  I – I do part-time job so money is important.

I agree with this statement.  This is because part-time job is good experience for you.  If you work at a donut store, you have to do some – many, many things.  You have to sell donuts and clean your store, something of this type – something.  And such experience is – will help you in this – in your future.  I think that earning money is good.  If you earn some money, you can write something – such books, it is good.

I disagree with this statement because university - college students study hard and not – not spend more time to job.  The – the college time is the last time for the student to play and – play and study.  After the 4 years, we should – we should work hard, so it is not important for the student to study hard in the time.  And – and if there – if they make many – many monies, they will spend much money for the shoes or – or clothes – it's not healthy, I think.

I agree because college students need a lot of money.  This money is used buying textbooks and something – something to playing their hobbies.  According – according to college students have a part-time job to know society rules and morals.  For having a part time job – part-time job is...

I – I don't agree this - with this statement because students should be study at the university but because of part-time job some – some students can't – can't get up in next morning so they can't attend the class.  It's – it's not – it's not good – good thing.  So, we – we – we - I think we should do it and...

I agree with this statement because it is necessary to a lot of money to college students.  We should make our own money to use own – our own, for example, the club activity or lunch and so on.  You should – we should not trouble to the parent but – because it – must – it is also important to concentrate academic, we should keep in moderation.

I agree with the idea because I have – we have to earn money by – by ourselves when we are college students.  I am first grade of college student and I don't have part-time job now.  I – every – in every – I use more money than – than when I was a high school student.  So, I feel the importance of money very much.  So, I want to earn money by myself, by doing part-time job.  And when we are – when we graduate from high school – graduate from college and do job - and we have a job, we have to earn money, so it's important thing to earn money by my – by ourselves when we are high – when we are college students.

I agree this statement.  That is because work part-time is – work part-time develop our mental and physical, and working part-time job is – working part-time help us for understand importance – the importance of money.  I – we usually receive money from my parents, so making money by myself is important very much.  So, I agree this opinion.

I disagree with this idea because it – I think that it is not important for student to do part-time job.  Students should study while they are – they – they are student.  Some people says that it is good for student to do part-time job because they can learn about their society.  But after graduate their school, they – they – they should, they must work.  So, while they are student, they should do another things instead of doing part-time job.  For example, they can go to abroad to – they can study abroad or reading some books and meet more and more people.

I agree this opinion because I have two reasons for this.  First, you can learn social skills – various social skills.  University students – I think that university students need to have social skills because university students have to communicate with many people.  For example, foreign people or those who work in actual society.  Two – second, I think that university students have to make money.

Hello, I agree with the idea to work part-time.  If we have many money, we can get many things, we can buy many things even if it is very expensive.  But I want to – I want to get money from my parents so – I want to get money by myself.  If we have many money, we can play with friend many time and we can get everything.  So, I want money, I want many money.  I think many people think so.

I agree with this opinion.  This is because we university students wants to play with my friends or go to somewhere, eat good food.  Therefore, we need money.  However, if this – doing arubaito [***] means that we don't study, does – doesn't – doesn't make good – doesn't make good result.  We – our task is studying.  Thank you.

I agree with this statement.  I have a lot of reason for it.  The largest to it – of course, the most important thing for us college students is to study hard.  Many people think that if we have a part-time job, we have no time to study hard.  So, I – I have a part-time job at Clamps [***] group, however, I have since – I have - I work efficiently, I have enough time to study it.  I want to work and I want to study hard.  This is because that I agree with this statement strongly, I...

I disagree with this statement because – this is because I think study is most important for college student.  If they start to work part-time job, they can learn something new, but they lose their studying time or sleeping time.  They can work – they can work for – after graduated but they can't study after graduate.  Actually, I want to work time – I want – work part-time job and I want to earn money but my friend said, I am busy to work part-time job so I am sleeping now.  I had this – I had it, now I don't want it- want to do part-time job now, I want to study more.

I disagree this statement because it is important for students to study hard.  If they start work part-time jobs, they have to work, even if they have a very important test next week, so I think students shouldn't study part-time jobs.  Second, I think it is important for students to join club activity too.  It is good very experience for them.  So, I think it is – club activity is more important than part-time jobs that they have to read books many, it is very important thing too.  So, I disagree this statement.  Students study...

Hello, I don't agree with this opinion because college students have other more important thing.  For example, playing with their friends and studying also.  So, if they have enough money to live, I think they don't need to have a part-time job.  A part-time job sacrifice with precious time for them.  So, I think it is not so important for college students to have a part-time job.  Thank you.

I don't agree with this statement because I think we should do things what we can do in only this season.  And we can earn arubaito in the future if we want, and I know that people who work so hard that can't get the important thing as time.  So, I think we should do the thing we can do only in this time, and arubaito is not to...

I don't think doing part-time job is not good for student, because sometime doing part-time jobs makes students it is difficult – makes difficult to study and prepare for the test or the exam.  In my case, I was doing a part-time job in hotel as a bellboy and it is very hard work and it makes me exhausted and I don't have enough time – I didn't have enough time to prepare for test and I lost some, my credit on my college.  And if the parents of the student have enough money, student should earn money by themselves, and I think it is a good way to spend a good college life but I think studying is more important.

I agree this statement because we, college people, college students need much money, I think.  For example, eating lunch or dinner with your – your friends and going abroad or going trip with – with your friends.  I think - so I think we need much money.  So, if – if you don't have a part-time job, I think – I think your money gets lost so easily.  So we - we should have a part-time job and get much money.  So, that's because we need much money.

I agree with this – this idea of part time job.  This is because we can know real society in part time job.  We can study – study – we can study in the society – in the university but we can't know real society in the university.  And we can know [***] in the part time job.  And we – we – we must earn money. We – we want to book and personal computer and...
I agree because doing part time job give them many important thing about life so they can learn – can learn many thing of real – of real world lived in and they can meet various people live around – around them so they – they can learn about themselves.  They can – they can find their ways in the future I think.  And...
I cannot answer this question great.  Some people – some university student earn money for their self because their parents cannot send enough money for them.  But other – if other provide enough money from parent study about their – their [***] their study.  So it is difficult also, statement.
I agree with this statement because I can realize how difficult to get money is do part time job and – and I think sometimes we can try new thing with part time.  For example buy something is – we can't buy something – it is difficult buy something only – but with part time job, we...
I agree with this statement.  I had some reason.  First, college student don't have much money so we can earn money to pay or go shopping by working as a part time job.  Secondly, we can learn about society do the part time job and we can – we can't learn about society in the desk or listening to teacher's lecture.  So we – so we should experience part time job before working as a – as a full time – before work...
Okay, I disagree with this statement.  I have two reasons.  Firstly, there is more – there is more important thing but – but part time for example club activities, studying, and researching something so anything example.  Two is do that I think they – they don't' have to join – they don't have to do part time job.  Secondly, if maybe they have – maybe they lost opportunity to join other activity and people cannot attend other activity because of their part time job.  So for this two reasons I think I disagree...
If he don't do a part time job, he will – maybe – maybe – and – don't – have – have don't and – he will – he can – he – he – I think he like – he wants to like expensive thing – buy – buy now.  He will...

Some students sleep during periods.  I don't – I – I disagree with – with them.  So – so they can – they can take part-time job.  They – they don't – the – the – the important thing is don't too many times – don't – don't part – don't – don't work too many times.  I have a – I have a part-time job in cram school, but I...
I agree part-time job.  Part-time job is stand [***] experience for – for – for us to get – to – to join member of social.  And get money – getting money is – get money is important that we – we spend a happy life.  And part...
I – I disagree because the university is to – to study – study – to study.  University is a place to study.  And to – to study – to study every – anything – something – to study something in the – in the university is needed to the money, so – so the money – to – to – but part-time job is collecting the money.  So poor people is needed to part-time job...
I disagree this – this statement.  I think the most important thing for student is to – to study very work – very hard.  To study very hard is more important than take part-time jobs.  Students must take money to their parents.  The time should be taken for their...
Agree with the statement because they are almost adults, because they're 19 years old and 20 years old or much – much more older than – so they have – they should learn – they should – they should earn the money for college's need - to study's need and – and entering – money to enter the college and have the class.  They – they should – they should learn many thing, but should earn the money in the college because it is the...
I – I disagree university students have a part-time job because some of my friends give up having – having classes in the afternoon because of part-time job.  I think the classes – we – we will not be able to have class after I – we graduated the university, so I think we – we have to do – we have to have classes now.  We have to have classes during we're – are university students.  I don't think it is not good to – to give up classes because of part-time job.  I think we have to have...
I agree the opinion.  It is important that university students have part-time job because part-time job – university students have a lot of time and we have to use – use those time very comfortable.  I – I work – I have part-time job as a cram school – cram school teacher.  I was – I – I like that job.  Part-time jobs makes me very happy and part-time jobs teach me...


I disagree with this statement because part-time job is not good for university students because if we have a part-time job we can't study part and we don't have time for doing what we can we want to do with our friends, our family, and paying from the part-time job is very little and it is but the part-time job is very hard.  It is [***] good for university students health I think and if...



