Hello, I agree.  Having – having a part-time job is good for university student, so - because they – they have to practice working.  Practicing is need for them.  They – they have to – they have to work after graduation, so they want to practice.  They – and – they want to – they need – they need to money, so they have to work and get their money.  That's all.

I think it is important for me - I think it is important for me to have a work time.  I - this time...

I agree with this statement because to have a part-time job is one of the... because – because students need - needed to get money, because student want to buy – buy a lot of things, for example food – food and clothes and groceries and student...

I think part-time job is – part-time job for college student is important.  Part-time job can learn many things that we can learn in college.  I have a part-time job but – I have a part-time job.  We – I learn many, many things.  Example, social manner and accounts and people in my office is so kind, so he – they –they learn – they teach me many - many – many important thing.

I agree this statement.  I – Now I given some money from my parents but I want to earn myself because I – I – my parents work hard, so I won't – I don't want to worry.  My parents – my parents worried about me, so...

I agree – agree with this – with this – this because before they start job when they're adult there – they study how to – how to answer the customer's question or how to respect all the people and – and they earned money, so they learn the importance of the – of the...

I agree with the statement because college – college student have to learn how important to make money and how difficult it is and it is the time to practice for college student to doing part-time jobs before – before work – work till - and it is very important to – how to – how to use money.  It is up to you to...  The money which you...

I agree this – with this statement because it is very good for students to buy and to experience various things and we can study – and we can study - deal with many troubles and to do arubaito.  I also arubaito at the juku and we can earn money for foods or buy books.

I agree to this opinion.  It's important for college student to have part-time job because we need money.  University cost much money, so we need to have part-time job and we get much money.

I am agree this opinion because student – student need a lot of money.  For example, club – club activities, travel, hobbies, buy ticket book, and so on.  Other reason is it is good experience for students.  Before – after graduate student – student work in company so if – if student – student...
I agree the statement.  My home is my terrace, don't pay me every month.  So I have to do part time job.  Every student paid by their parents.  So every students know so part-time job is it is...
I agree with the statement that student should do apartment job.  I have two reasons.  First, it is very good to earn the money.  The cost going to the college is very high so we should earn first of our college money.  Second to do job department, we can get a social experiment.  The social experiment is very good and when I – when I get a job so I agree with the statement.
I agree with doing a part-time job because – if – if the students cannot – cannot stay at university with – with no money, the students must have to – have to do part-time – part-time job.  But if the students have much money, the students don't have to do part-time job.  The students concentrate on studying as a major.  So...
I agree that it is important to – it is important for university student to have part-time job.  Now, I have some part-time jobs too.  For this reason, I want some clothes and shoes and accessory which I want to show.  I have some money to use free, so I have to do part-time job and do have some money more, so I agree that university student have part-time job.


I agree with the – this statement because I think the part-time job is very important.  If I have a part-time job we get a lot of money and a lot of experience that we often not – do not get experience in class in learning every day and I – I have – if I have...





I see and agree to – to do a part-time job for – for students.  I am disagree – disagree to do so because students should study more so they can – they should not – uhh – kill time for to – to work part-time job and I think students is – should do more study more English or other languages, foreign languages.  So, I think – uhh – part-time job is very useful, but it is not – uhh...





I agree that it is important for college student to have a part-time.  The reason why it's because I think that having a part-time job while you are still a college student is better for our future because in the future after we graduate we have to find our life time jobs not like – not for the whole life but you might need to find a job after you graduate and having a experience while you still – you are still a college student is forever for a resume to like the your future company to see that all you have experience of you can you have more chance you have more chances to get the jobs you want to...





I agree this – this statement that is college student should work part-time job.  In my view to do part-time job is opportunity to learn money is very important.  I – I work I have part-time job now and this makes me – this give me work – importance of money and – and I while the – getting the experience...





I agree with this statement.  I have two reasons.  One reason is that many student is not rich and actually all of my friends is not rich.  So, we must to – must want to make our lives and help our – our mothers and fathers – umm – money.  Two, second reason is – umm – we cannot study about working in the university.  We can study about mathematics or English or – and so on, but we can't...





I agree this idea.  This two reasons.  First, students can experience several [***] and student should experience many thing.  Second, student can earn money to studying university.  Most of student can study because their parent money, so if we earn money our – myself and our parents can...





I think that student is – have – students have many time, so they have to spend the time to have many experiences.  So, I think they should have – they should do part-time job.  And this experience is good for them.  It is good.  They – this experience will good for them.





I agree with the opinion because I have two reasons.  First reason, I think that we can learn – we can learn from working.  We can learn from –we can learn from preparing – preparing toward customer and second reason is we have to help our parent because university cost is so high.  So, we have to earn money and help our parents and we – we have to learn [***].





I think it is necessary for college student to have part-time job.  We can learn how to use money we got from the job – school – social – social rules.  Also, we – we can make friends, know a lot of people.  We – we know a lot of – we – a lot of social humanities and we can...





I agree with the statement because college students need to be independent from their parents.  Until now, they helped by parents but now college students need to help their parents.  In order to repay their parents for their kindness, college student...





I agree with this opinion because we had money.  We don't have money very much.  We can make money by working and we have to be independent from our parents.  I also think that we need to adapt society.  By working we can experience with society and my friends make money by work...





I – I agree this idea because I think working – working while – while I – I am in college is important because I think if – if I – I don't working in – in college – college – it is – it is – working is important to study – study in our – soc – society.  If – if you don't working in – while you – you are incorrect.  You – you can't study – study our society.





I agree with [***].  I think college student have few money because they must – they have friend – friend – they [***] move.  If – if they play with friends we – they work – must work to get must money and they part-time...





I agree that opinion because a lot of – a lot of student in Kobe University or university – many students take room, not hometown, near the university they go to.  So, they have not much money to give.  So, they have to work – work part – do a part-time job.  So, do – doing part-time job, so they can get money.  If they don't do part-time job, they can't live without their parents' aid.





I think – I –I agree with this topic because we have – we have work – we have – we can get any – anyone – many things by work.  So, I can – if so – so we have – we – so we – we can get anything and we can know social.  I – we don't do – we have not worked in junior high school and high school student.  So, we don't know how hard working and if we can know how hard get money, we actually...





I disagree this idea.  It is important to have a part-time job to make money and make life.  College student have many – many clubs or many club activity.  So, they are very – is busy.  If you – you – if – if you have a part-time job, you – you – you can't take sleep – enough sleep time.  It is bad point...



I agree that college student to have part-time job, I have three reasons.  First, they are short of money usually.  Their parents send - send – send them a lot of money every month.  It is – it is too hard to send them so they should – they should work – they should work and gather money.  Second, they – they will – they will working after graduate, so they should practice to work.  Third, they – when they – when they have a part-time job, they – they will have a friend.  So, if – if – if the – more and more friends they have, it is good.

I agree.  It is important for us to have a part-time job because I think, we can – we can experience part-time job only now.  I – I – I am working in a restaurant.  I experience a lot of – a lot of important things, which I don't experience in school.  I think many – many students should work a part-time job in university – in we are university student.

I agree with this statement because it is important for college student to have a part-time job.  College students need a lot of money, for example to buy clothes and to go somewhere he want to go.  College student don't have a lot of money without having a part-time job.  So, college student should have a part-time job.  To have a part-time job is...

I think part-time job is important for college student.  Part-time job have many important experience for – with that – that is not experienced in the college.  I have a part-time job.  My work – my work is so hard but I learn social manner and many important thing.  I think – I think we can have many, many good friends in my office.

I agree this statement.  I am now live alone so my parents give the money for me, so I want to earn myself.  And – and a part-time job is the important experience for me, and we – I can study about society and studying about the society is more important things.  So, I think it is important for college statement to have a part-time job.

I agree with this statement because if university students have a part-time job, they learn how – how to earn money and how to answer questions from customers, and they thank for their parents and their grandparents to learn from them.  And, they become – use their money more carefully, and - so they – they – they have more time to study and they think more when they buy food or some - something and they – they have good...

I agree with the statement because college students have a lot of time to – lot of time to use.  And college students have to prepare to independent from their parents.  And college students if – if working, college student may be learn how important and how difficult to work in the society and to make money.  So, college student may be learn how to – how to important money and how to use the money, so I think it is important and need.

I agree with this statement.  I have two reasons.  One reason is it is good for college students to experience various things.  For example, now we always face something trouble and if we arubaito, we can learn how to deal with such problems.  Two reasons is we can earn money for – for and buy food or books, and we can learn how to earn money.

I agree to this opinion.  It is important for college students to have a part-time job because college students need money.  College cost us much money, so we need to get money.  The way we get money is part-time job.  If we have a part-time job, we get some money.  Part-time job...

If people have [***] it is – it is good – it is good preparation.  So if people have – but in case people or student can't study – study – study student – student don't do [***]...
It is important for students to do part-time job that is because they – they often paid with friends and they often go shopping.  So they need money and they don't want to – want to – they want the parents to worry about their so...
I don't agree with this statement.  Sorry, I agree with the statement that college student should do the apartment job.  I have two reasons; first, it is very good to earn the money because going to the college is very high so we should earn further of our college money.  Second if we do the apartment job, we can get the social experiment.  This experiment is very good.  When I was – sorry when I get do – when I get to do a job – when I – when I [***] the college so...
I agree with doing a part-time – part-time job, because the students – if – if the students don't have money to – to stay in university, they have to work, earn – earn money.  Going to university is the most important thing.  Because this is on...
For part-time job, I agree that the university student have part-time job.  Now I work at junior – junior high school, and I – I teach some students for mathematics and English and Japanese.  Last year I worked at [***] staff.  Then I want to work at...


I agree – disagree with statement.  I think that we have a lot of part-time jobs because if we have job – part-time job we can get a lot of money and we get a lot of experience that we cannot get experience in class every day and we can get – we can meet a lot of people in part-time job and we get a lot of friends and...





In my opinion I disagree to do a part-time job for students because first part-time job is important but it – it is not useful for learning foreign languages.  I think now students is should – should do study more language or other foreign countries – foreign languages, so I think people should – should not do part-time jobs more.  And I think foreign – to part-time – to do part-time job is...





I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job because it is better for a college student to have a job while they are still in schools.  It will be better for them to find their jobs after they graduate because their resume will – for the future company economy, but you will see we recently have an experience that you have pick have a job while you are still college student and you might a chance easily if you have an experience and I think another reason is of course while you're having a part-time job in your college when you are still a college student is good, is because...





The experience of part-time job it – it made me think how I do night time.  College student as college student I have limited time work do homework and housekeeping and washing and cleaning and part-time job.  While part-time job I correct [***] my time to do anything and everything.  Part-time...





I agree with this statement.  I have two reasons.  First reason is student not only – actually one of my friends are not rich.  So, if we want to make our life by ourselves we should work.  Second reason is we – we can't study about working at university.  We study about English or mathematics and so on, but we cannot study about working.  So, to work is very so important for me and so this – for these reasons I agree...





I agree this idea – this two reasons; first, students can experience many experience, and I think the student can – many can do many things and second, student can earn money for themselves.  If we earn money ourselves, our parents can enjoy their – themselves all right.  So, I agree this idea.





I think that these students have to spend their time to – for part-time job.  I think this experience is good for them.  If they – for example, they will spend part-time job in restaurant, they will – they will re – they will remember manners.  So, I think it is good.  They spend – they could spend their a lot of time to these experiences.  It...





I agree the opinion.  I have two reasons as, first, I think that we have to work because we can learn behaving towards customers in – from working and this – this – this behaving is important for us in future and second reason is, we have to help parents to earn money because university cost is so high, so we have to help our parents and as we – we can learn...





I think it is necessary for college student to have part-time job.  We can learn how to use money we got from job, social rules.  Also, we can make friends, know a lot of people, so we can communicate with many, many people.  So we can do talk with other people.  We can – through the job can learn a lot of – we can got a lot of knowledge.  So, it is necessary for student to have part-time job.





I agree with the statement, because college student need to be independent from their parents.  Until now, they are helped by parents in some things such as [***] side, but – but now they need to repay their parents for their kindness.  In order to repay their parents for their kindness, it is important to...





I agree to this opinion because we need money to study and live, but we don't have much money.  So, we make by working – we make money by working.  My friends – my friends work in restaurant and – and other places.  I think we also have to be independent from our parents and we need to adapt this society by working...





I agree this idea because working in college is important to – to study our society.  If – if you – you don't – don't working in while you are in college, you can't study our society.  Studying our society is very important, because if you don't know – know it, when you – you go to our society, you don't know our – our society.  It is very – very bad things.  So, part-time job is good.  College student must...





I agree with it.  College student have any money – little money, and if they play with friends, they must work to get much money and part-time give they something – they – they – they study society.





I agree that opinion because many students go – go to – go to their university from their home, but a lot of people go to their university from their house, which is – which take a room.  So, they have to pay their – their cost of living so they must get money.  So, they need to – they need to do a part-time job or so on, and doing so, they can pay their cost of living or buy – buy their things – buy their things which is new to...





I agree with this idea, because I have two my opinions; first, university students needs money.  For example, they have to buy tickets in [***].  They want [***].  They have to make good relationship with same type of people.  I think it's – I – I thought it's after I – I am – after I am university student.  My second opinion is we have to know how hard getting money.  I think many university students have not – have not worked in their junior high school.





I disagree with this idea.  College student have many class and many club activity.  If you have more – you have a part-time job addition, you – you couldn't take enough – take enough sleep time.  College student should – college student should take cover class most important thing is that class, but if you have many part-time job, you can't – you can't – you...



