I agree this opinion.  This is why I think college students studies very hard, but college students go club or go to theater or anyway students needs many monies, but students adopt – I think students...
I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job because college - for college students to experience social is important.  And I – I am – and play – and I work as a teacher at juku teaching little students.  It is very beneficial for me.  It is more important for college students to – to study, but to experience what a part-time job is very good.
I disagree with the idea.  Now, I am doing a part-time job at a club school.  I teach mathematics, biology, chemistry but I have to go there even if I am so busy.  And so – now, I didn't have time to do my own job, my study for the examination.  So my score was so bad, I couldn't get some credit.  Student's job is to study, not earning money.  So we don't have to do that.  Studying is the more simpler thing for students.
I think it is important for college students to do part-time job because college students, they manage college and they go to school but part-time job is people work – college students working and give money.  It is very different from going college.  So, and it is very important study for them.  It is - they can study what is society.  It is good for them.  Thank you.
I think part-time job for college students is important because it brings us many opportunity to get grow up and for example, I can get money, of course.  And for the – by that I can go shopping or I can trip anywhere – anywhere.  Yeah, so it's important in very good experience and I also, I can also communicate many people through the part-time job.  That is also good opportunity for us.
I agree with the statement, it is very important for college students to do a part-time job because first by doing part-time job you can learn a lot of things from part-time job.  And – and it – it very crucial role in social – learning social skills.  For example, I – I did a part – part-time job in college student and I – and I did a – I learned many skills.  So I think it's very important I think for the college students.
I agree with the statement.  In my opinion, a student - the student who don't have experience of a part-time job doesn't understand how hard to earn money.  In my case, when I started a part-time job I feel very hard to ¥1000.  So student have – should have experience of part-time job.  I agree with - so I agree with the state – statement.
I agree with the statement that it is important for college student to work part-time job.  I think in fact college student should study very hard but to work part-time job teaches students how to live, for example how to work effectively to take memo, to make plan.  It – it is very important to work and live and study.  Studying is not only teached from textbook.

I agree – I agree this idea because in part-time job, college students can learn about society system - social system.  And because we need a lot of money but we rely – rely on – rely on our parents, so we should earn more money.

I disagree this opinion.  I think the college student should study more and more.  If we have a part-time job, we don't – we can't spare much time to study.  For example, if I take part-time job of juku teacher I – I must –I must prepare the class.  I will spend much time to study.

I agree with this idea because we should study very hard and personally I want to be a professor of university, so I am studying very hard and if – and partly because if we have any more time we should do actively because this is the last chance to do anything we want to do and communicate with many people and not for job, only for playing.

I agree with student's part time job because they graduate from university and get the job, the experience will be useful and – and they should make money – to spend money.
I disagree with this statement.  This is – the part time job is important for student to get opportunity that we can know how – how important is for us to know that social – social working or social – social facility, for example, we can know how important is – how important is experience with – with people who don't know – who don't know in community store or cafeteria.  You will be able to know...
I agree this subject.  College student should take part time job I think.  And to take part time job can be the experience after graduation.  I think working is – society is make them more alert [***] and they want...
I think agree with the idea that it is important to have part time job for university student.  I have two main reasons.  The first one is that university student can obtain social experience through their part time job.  In Japan, university life is so cold I think student – what student have to do is just sit down in the class and they don't have to interact with other people in the class so in part time job, they have to talk with other customers.  It's good to have – it's good opportunity and second – second reason is they can get – they can come to know the importance of the money – through earning money...
I agree with university student have a part time job because – because I think after graduate university there is a – you – we have to work with many people and in university – in university we have to study – my study by myself then it is not – it is not need to talk with others and...
College student – part time job is good thing for the college student.  I am now one part time job.  I – I teach – I teach Japanese, mathematics, history for junior high school student and elementary school student or high school student.  I learned a lot of thing for – I learned a lot...
I think it is important to have part time job for university student.  There is two reasons; firstly, it is necessary to get money or earn money for university student because they – they will spend out money buying books or food, something like that and secondly university student need to get the...
I disagree with some people say it is important but a part time job [***] I think university student concentrate on studying and learning.  People who want to do a part time job is not – don't concentrate on learning or studying.  So people concentrate on studying so I disagree with...
It is important to have a part time job with – and it is important to have – have a part time because when you need money, when you hang out with your friends or when you travel with your friends and if you don't hang out with your friends, you need money to eat food while stay in college or university.  Your parents won't – will not – will not help you with money so that's why...
Well, actually, I agree with the idea so it is important for the student to have the experience doing part time job in the society because actually they have unique – unique experience to talk with the adult in society.  Well, when talking with your boss or client or customer so actually they will know how to behavior in front of that person as the business or as a waiter or as adults in society.  Inside university they – they couldn't get some experience in the usual activity in university.  In that sense, this is unique – this is uniquely important for that student to – to do some part time job during the college – during the college era for them.
I agree that students need to have a part time job because – we have been – we have been giving much money to receive – receive education by my – my parents.  So I can't – I – I don't want to – want parents to give me money – give me much more money.  So I – I have a part time job and I do what I want to do.

In my opinion, I think it's important to – for students in college to have part-time job and the most reason is that we can have socially experience a lot of more.  That's to the stated detail, we can have many, many part-time jobs in several short terms, that means we have a chance to be exposed in many kind of jobs that we can realize the world, realize the economy, realize what kind of job are now.  So in – a human in a whole life, what they can do in their job is limited.  So to have a part-time job in the – in use, especially in university...
I agree with this statement because part-time job teach college students about meaning of work.  It is a first time for college students to get money, self-power.  Part-time job is not easy, so college student will think the money - money way while use.  In my opinion, it is important to think about the money before...
I agree this – this opinion because at first, the student don't have many money, so they have to work part-time job – a part – part as - they have to work as part-time job worker, make some money.  They have to pay – pay for the card or something.  It's too – too much for them or their parents.
I agree with this opinion because part-time job – doing part-time job is very – very good – can experience very good.  Exactly part-time job is low fee.  Doing part-time job does not earn any money, but part-time job can – if you do part-time job, you can experience very important thing, for example about me – for me, I do part-time job at [***] then I can – I can...
I agree with this statement.  It's because we can learn many things before we start to work in society.  For example, we can learn manners or how to speak or – or work – how to work.  And I – we can learn for myself and we can understand the money is important.  And we can learn how to communicate with people in society.


I think it is not imp – not always important for student to work part-time job.  It is because – because the first –first – first purpose of student is to study – to study many – many things.  So, part-time job is the second and if – if you – if you are stick to part-time job you are – your level of academic – your academic – academic level will – will decline and so it is bad effect on your – your – your study – your study and – and moti– moti – motivation...





I agree with it.  In my opinion part-time job is useful for college students because they can know how our money and what society is as I explained earning money is very difficult.  So, before they go to society they can know how to earning money and what is society is and they can also know what is how to use time, they can...





I can see the benefit of part-time job, but I disagree with the statement because – umm – if college students do part-time job it means it reduces the studying time.  I think college students job is studying.  So, if they don't study it doesn't it's not good and if for example, my brother do spend time to do a part-time job a lot and he doesn't study at all and only before the tests, but it doesn't good for his study and he – he is paying to...





I – I agree with the opinion that it is important for university students to – to have a work – to have a part-time job and for me I – I work – I am working at restaurant and I – I – I can – I can learn a lot of manners when – when I – when I contact with customers.  I think I don't – I don't – I can't – I have someone else in – at the university because there are – there are only same-same age people.  So, I can't – I can't learn how – how I should behave in front of senior – senior people and...





I agree it is important for college students to have part-time job – part-time job.  Uhh – this is usually – I have two reasons by doing part-time job they can experience what – what their job is, what the work is, what is there to work.  As for me I started part-time job and I – I realized how – how – how difficult it is to work for the customers, what is – what is a good salary.  I – it make me realize.  And, second reason is college student need more money to do work they want to do for....





I agree with that – with the student's part-time job because part-time job give us a lot – a lot of experience to contact social – social experience or for example I was – I am working at a gas [***] store for 1 day, but I have a lot of experience to contact with adult people, our manager and he – he gave me a lot – a lot of things.  I can't – I couldn't learn all of this in college and – and any – any other thing is...





I agree to work it is importance for college students to do part-time jobs.  I have two reasons.  One reason is university has to – has to adopt sometime [***] things like textbook or – or possible classes.  So, only parent's money they can only from their parent's money they cannot – they cannot buy them and second reason is part-time job is studying for – study for society.  So, university students can prepare for – prepare for – prepare for the society from – from part-time jobs.  So, part-time job...





I agree with this opinion and I think college students have – should do part-time job because and part-time with part-time job we can get money and working with – but we can know difficulty and importance of earning money and using money.  So, I think we should and I think we should be dependent from our parents because we – we will be after graduated school we should be our mommy and so we have – we have to prepare for it and working and working and with working we could be know how to communicate with...





I agree with this statement that I have my reasons.  First firstly, I think university students should – should not – not only study, but also many things for example, hobby or part-time job or club activity and doing part-time job is very important.  Through working university students can get many information or experiment and so it [***] experiment...





I agree this statement.  I had part-time job and in a part-time job I learn many things, for example, communication of any other people and I have good experience of – I don't – I have never experience – experience and I grow up by part-time job because I study many new things...





Most important – I agree with that idea that students should do part-time job during the semester or during no semester because the mo – most importantly we are already mature person, so we have to feed ourselves.  We should not rely on our parents.  Some people might say that having a part-time job might affect our academic works.  But, however, our research – researches proves that students who have part-time job scores higher than those who don't have.  So, academically, it is proved that...





I think college student should work part-time job because experience working at society is useful after they become member of society.  If they don't have experience working at society while they are college students, they may not adapt their company or the society well, and they may become mental illness.  If a lot of people become so [***] of society will be bad.  So I – I think...






I think it is very important for college student to do part-time job because college student can learn many things about social things, manners and communication skill and how difficult – how – how difficult earning money.  And maybe they can realize – they are so supported by their parents...





I disagree with the part-time job.  Students have to study my – my – my major so if you do the part-time job, you don't have no time to – you don't have time to study and I do work in the future, so I have to do – I have to study or play – play with – with a friend, so I don't – I don't work now.  Work is important but study or playing with friends is more important.





I agree this argument because many college students didn't have enough money, don't – don't – don't have enough money.  Money from their family is little and many students need a lot of money.  So, they – they have to do part-time job to get money.  If they don't – don't do part-time job, they cannot so get money and to give.  Many college students live...





I agree.  We should work before we hired as full-time workers and each important experience is to work and students have little...



I agree at this opinion.  This is why I think students had to achieve, I don't know, work for get the money for the playing, instead of getting money by their parents.  Students is - are already 20 years old - parents are...
I think it is important for college students to do a part-time job.  It is important – most important for college students to study.  So, they must keep study - time to study, but to do a part-time job is very important because many - to do many – many things, we learn many things.  I – I – I works as teacher of juku and teaching students.
I disagree with the idea.  Now, I have a part-time job twice a week but because of that I don't have time to do my own job, my study.  It takes about 2 hours to go home and after that I have to work.  It is so hard for me.  What I have to do is to study biology or chemistry or something.  My own study at university but I have to do chemistry or biology for high school students.  That is the waste of time.  So, I will quit the job and I will be eager to my own study what I have to do.  That is my opinion.
I think part-time job is very important for college students because college students pay money to go to college but part-time job is they can – they can get money.  So, it is very different from going college.  So they can learn what is society, it is very good for them.  And it is - part-time job is very severe.  If they miss they – they work for a year.  So it is very different from college.  So it is very important for them.
I think part-time job for college student is important because for many reasons.  For example, my first reason is that the part-time job gives us money of course and we can buy many thing and we can trip also through - by the part-time job's money and also my second reason is that we can get many opportunity to meet many people and we can experience communicating with many people and it – that grow us.  That's all.
I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to do a part-time job.  First, the merits to do it is that, you know, you can learn – you can learn the social skill for your futures and so, part-time job is small social.  So it's very important to experience that.  And second, the merit is that you can encounter so many people, and so various people and the encounter and the connection of the people is very important for your – for your future and it's very useful in turn.  That's all.
I agree with the statement.  In my opinion, most student who does not have experience of part-time job is - does not understand the real value of the money.  In my case, when I started a part-time job I feel very hard to ¥1000.  And I am very – I feel very – special thanks for my parents.  So student should have experience of a part-time job in school days.
I think, I agree with the statement that it is very important to – for us college student to work part-time job.  In fact, I think, college student should – should study very hard but to work part-time job is effectively.  For example, when you work part-time job, you should take memo, make plan.  You should always think and work.  These are very useful in studying.  Studying is not only teached from textbook.  I think to work part-time job teach you how to study effectively.  It is very important.

I agree with this idea because you – college students need a lot of money for buying their textbook of college, but college student should not rely on their parents, and it is – it is important for college student to part-time job because it means college student can get experience of their future job.  So, I think it is important for college student to have a part-time job.

I don't agree this idea.  At college, a lot of student major in special study, for example, law or economics and so on.  Still they need much more time to study their own study.  If they do a part-time job, it needs much more time to do it, and they can't complete their study.  For example, if they do a juku teacher, they should prepare their job and they can't prepare their own job.

I disagree with this idea because we should study very hard.  I think that we mainly have to study and partly because if we have any more time, we should join in club actively, it must broaden our eyes, and I think that it is the last chance to do anything we have to do and we want to do and – and the last chance that we can spend many time it – I think that it is very precious time.

I agree with student's part time job because when they graduate from university or college, the experience will be useful and they should make money to spend on for them.  They realize – they understand the work of money like...
I disagree with this statement because we can know how important is opportunity that we can know self.  We can know what's the important point for student, for example, we can know how to – how to communicate with other people in community store or in cafeteria when you do part time job in these – these places.  So we can know the – what people – what people are doing in social – social area or social places.  So this will become such opportunity so – so I think this – I disagree with this statement.
I think college student should take part time job.  Taking part time job is – will be good experience for them.  They should work after graduation – graduating from university so they practice the situation of it.  They can learn how to talk to the customer or how to behave or – and so on.  So I agree this topic.
I agree the opinion that it's important for university students to have par time job with two reasons.  The first one is they can obtain social experience through the – through their part time job.  In Japan – especially, in Japan, university life is so cold so the student doesn't have – don't have much opportunity to interact with other so they can just study their major and part time job give students the opportunity to interact with people.  The second reason is they come to know the importance of the money and their education was given by...
I am agree with university student have – have part time job because after graduate university we – you face too many difficult – difficult – difficult situation and we can't learn such situation – that we can't experience in university so part – it is difficult situation we have – with it after graduate university that – that is similar – I think that is more similar to weekend...
I think part time job for – I think college student encourage part time jobs.  I – I am – I work for the part time – I work for part timer.  I teach in the elementary school student, junior high school student or high school student to Japanese, history, or mathematics.  It is hard for me to teach – teach the subject.  But it is important for me to experience...
I think it is important for university student to have a part time job.  There are two reasons.  Firstly, it's necessary for them to get out money because they will spend out money buying food, books, or use money – using money to give – rent of house and secondly they need to get the skill – social skills or social relationship with others – other people and...
I disagree with this important to do a part time job because university student should concentrate on studying and learning.  A part time job is important but university student have to do studying and people who want to do a part time job don't concentrate...
I agree that it is important for college student to have a part time job because we need money for example as for me to – to practice, speak English I am taking class at ECC [***] and it costs a lot of money so and to commute that school I have to earn money.  Secondly, when I hang out with my friends, we need money to play game or travel on so that's why it is important for college student to have part time job.
Well, I agree with that before the university student to have – to have experience of working somewhere as a part time job because – so actually when they are – there will be some businessman or starting some business after gradual encourage or actually that experience is very important.  Well, communicate with the adults or some customers or clients or something well actually that – that experience is – is uniquely they – they get some experience when they doing some part of job.  Inside university they couldn't get some experience to talk with some boss or some adults, some clients, some customers or so, so that's why I think it...
I – I agree that this question because when I was – I have been – I have been given much money to receive education by my parents.  So I – I don't want my parents to give much money for me anymore.  So I have a part time job, and I do – I can do what I want to do by my earned money.  So, I agree this question.

In my opinion, I think it's important to have part-time job in – while in the university.  This is because we can get many, many kind of socially – social experiences.  The life is limited and a person – what one person can do in their job is limited.  So I think in university, we can have many, many experiences, even the other side of the study, so – then we can realize what's going on in the world and what's going on in economy.  Right now, I am doing a part-time job.  Sometimes, I go to teach some kid or I go to cramming school to become a tutor.  I think that they will help me a lot to know the outside of the world, what is – what is going on outside of my university.  So these are...
I agree with this statement because part-time job teach college students about meaning of work.  It is a first time for college students to get money self.  Part-time job is not easy, so they will think about the money, way of use.  I think it is important for college students before they – they will be member of social.
I agreed – I agreed because – because the students have to many money to continue – continue studying or learning with their friends.  If – if they don't play with friends, they may lose their - they may lose their friends or trying...
I agree with this opinion because doing part-time job can experience very good experience, for example in my case, I – I did part-time job at restaurant.  And I can study many – many, many things, for example customers – if they – it is – it is – I can study – it is very difficult to – to a customer – customer.  So, I can study very important things outside of university.  So, I think doing part-time job is...
I agree with this statement.  It's because I think we can learn more – many things in a – we – we need – need in society before we – we start to work in society, for example manner or how to work, how to speak with people in society and we – we can – we can understand the importance of money or communication.  And we – we can – we can learn...


It is not always important for students to – to work part-time job.  It is because if you – if you stick to part-time job your – your academic level will decline and your – and your – your mental is – mental is goes bad because of this and so this is – this is important for students for college students to first – to first study the and – and work – work part-time job secondly.  So, if you – if you – if you study English it is best...





I agree with it.  In my opinion working part-time job is important for college students.  There is two good points.  One point is they can know how to earn money and let their social ability as I explained now earning money is very, very difficult and they can know how to communicate with others and boss and employers and – and before they go to the society they can know what is society is and second point is they can know how to – how to arrange time.  They have lot of...





I disagree with that statement because doing a part-time job it means reducing studying time.  I think college students have to study as – as much as they can and if they do a part-time job it – their studying time reduces and for example, my brother do – spend time to do a part-time job and he doesn't study at all and it's not good and he doesn't do responsibility as a college students therefore I disagree with the statement and college students don't – mustn't do a part-time job.





I agree the opinion because I in my – in my – in my work – in my doing my job I learn – I can learn a lot of things that – that I couldn't I can't learn at the – at the university and for example, how I behave in senior I learned lot of senior person or my customers.  I – it is difficult to behave in good manner, but I it is important to be a good – be a great – great alert.  I before – before I started my job I – I...





Yes, it is important for all kind of students to have part-time job.  I have second – I have two reasons.  The first is by doing part-time job they learn what – what is to work what is the job.  For me I by doing part-time job I realized what is the service [***] for the customers.  Before I get the job I don't know that so it is very important for college students.  Second reason is college student need more money to do what they want to do.  For example, some students want to study abroad but they – but their parents can't help it go because of...





I agree with student's part-time job because – because we can get a lot of experience of this Japanese social or I mean any other country's social reality.  I – I was working at gasoline stand for only 1 day, but I – I could get a lot of experiences from manager of the gasoline – gas stand that I couldn't – I couldn't get from – from this college or this class or I want any I think this I – I –I want to get a lot of social reality to success in my life at this [***].





All of my friends do part-time job for university students who are and because of with part-time – part-time jobs they can – they can buy possible products and good textbooks but I don't use – I haven't never did part-time jobs, I cannot buy passbook or good textbooks.  So, I will – I will start part-time job soon and I – I don't – I will [***] chaperoning initially [***].  And also I will start part-time job after 2 days.





I – I agree with this opinion and I think college students should work part-time should more work because – uhh – uhh – working with [***] and so tired – sort of tired thing but I think – with and be with part-time job we can know the criteria and importance of earning money.  So, we should and we should be [***] from our – from our parent and with doing part-time job we can know social rules and how to communicate with others politely and if we – if we don't – if we didn't part-time job we will be waste of time and money and to do part-time job we could use time more – more importance and more...





I agree with this statement.  I have one reason.  Firstly, I think university students should do not only studying, but also other many things.  For example, club activities or part-time job or hobby.  So, part-time job is good choice for university students and through the working they can get many information and experiment.  This work experience is very useful for – useful after they graduate university.  So, I agree with this statement.  Our university students should do a part-time job...





I agree this statement, part-time job is many kind of teach.  And I had man – many experience of part-time job and I make many friends in part-time job and so my – my life is very beautiful by part-time jobs and part-time job made as many – many – many good experience and we...





I agree with the idea that part-time job because we are already mature person, so we have to feed ourselves.  We should not – and some people might say that having a part-time job might affect our academic scores like students will have a – will have – who is doing a part-time job might score worse than people – students who don't have.  But academically, you know – well than those who don't have.  It is beneficial for students academically to have a part-time job and...





I think college students should work part-time job, because the experience working at society will be useful after they become member of society.  If they don't have experience working at society while they are college student, they may not adapt their company or the society well, and they may become mental illness.  If a lot of people become so the...





I think it is good for college student to do part-time job because they can learn about many things.  For example, social manners and communication skills, and they can make friends out of their college and they can understand how difficult earning money is and how much they depended on their parents and by earning money, they can be independent of their parents and – and maybe they think they should save money.





I disagree with the part-time job, and we have to study or playing – play with the friend, not do work.  I will do work in the future, and so I don't – I don't need to work now.  If you do – if you have time to do work and you – you have to study or play with friends.  Study is now we only know we can study and our major, so...





I agree college student do part-time jobs, because many college students need many – need a lot of money to do club activity and to do classes and to stay with friends.  It is not enough money and – but [***] so they have to do part-time job to get enough money.  If they don't do – do part-time jobs, they cannot get any money, so they have to do part-time...





I agree.  We have – we should work as a part-time job before we are hired as a full-time workers.  It's important to work and students usually have a little money to experience a lot.  So, if students think...



