I am – I strongly agree about part-time job for university students because I can experience social jobs and it is also helpful financial things.  And some people who – who financial for – they can't money for study, living and another thing, so I strongly agree about part-time jobs for university students.

I agree with the opinion because college students is when people first time to be a adult, and at that time maybe when we are elementary, high, middle school, we don't have some experience with social people, so I think when we – we are college students and have learning experience for something as like a part-time job, when we do part-time job, we can meet many person and we can have some kind of good experience or maybe can be already for next job and new part-time job, you can find what is – what – what new work...

First, I think it is important to colle – college student do the part-time job.  I think this is very important for our future because in social, these new generations are very dangerous.  But I think part-time job is not very important.  I mean, this is not control our life, just, I mean, offset, not very strong offset.  But I think I am agree and [***] I agree, the part-time job is very important to our future, and it is good experience our future.

I agree, because we are adult and – we are adults so – uh – our – so our money – our money – our money – uh – our money on myself because – uh – our parent – parent – parent – parent will – parent raised me until this time, so I...
I think having part-time jobs in – uh – in our ages is good and important, because – uh – getting part-time jobs is – give us experiences that we may have in our real jobs.  Uh – it maybe – uh – the practice of our society and – uh – we can learn many things that we – we may experience in our real society, and second we can earn money – uh – that we need because some – nowadays we have to pay hack [***] much money in our universities and...
I agree [***] work and we have to separate parents.  We wa – want to buy something, so we need some money, but only [***] own parents we have to [***] me ability.  We always take from children it's time we leave parents, so the – the money [***] I have the – I have the part-time job I think we want...
Okay.  And the part-time job is many opportunity because part-time – I can experience part-time job, and I – I can know my interesting, and many things I can know, so I think part-time job is important.  For so many time that just the – I like experience with important.  I have all words – just one world experience.

I agree with the opinion because when we are young we can't – we can't have so many experience, but college student, as we are [***], so we are adult, so we can do part-time job and make some good experience or bad experience and be ready for next time.  If you can – if you didn't find what you want and do part-time job, you can find something what you want and what you really like, and what – what – aw – if you – if you don't like something, you just – you just then develop that.  But if you like that, you can keep going, and when you are graduation – when you are graduate, it keep going that kind of that job and like that, so I...

Oh, I agree, but this which are the every people.  This is, I mean, this is each and every person participant, so our thinking is different, so I agree or not agree, disagree, this is not important.  Part-time job is – in college, because we have to study, so part-time job is have more times, so we can't – uhh – we can't concentrate – concentrate study maybe with their part-time job, maybe we can't concentrate study, so...

Uh – I – I think – I think adult is – adult earn – earn money myself, because we are adult and we are adult, so – uh – so we are adult, so – uh – we are adult so – uh – parent leave me this time and we – when we 20 – when we 20 – uh – and we take 20...
Uh – I think it is important to have part-time jobs in college age or something, because part-time jobs can give us the experience that we may – uh – we may have in our society and we can practice the real life – uh – before we have jobs, and we can earn money that we need in our lives, and nowadays the university – uh – we have to pay much in university, so we can earn our money and we can meet a lot of people many – many – uh...
I have the part-time job.  I think we want to – want part-time job.  We – you don't have to study on part-time job.  Your parent – your families don't want it.  You are – you are ready for part-time job you do it.  I'm always part-time job is harder – hard is the [***], so we have – don't study and good – uh – good – good – we don't...
