I agree with that, that is banning of smoking in countries, because smoking is really bad, and it can cause lung cancer, bronchitis, asthma, emphysema, and other respiratory diseases such as stroke, cancers, and others, and somehow it contains nicotine, a drug addictive type, and it makes it hard to quit smoking, that's why smoking is really bad, even though countries do earn their money through company of smoking, but it is bad, because it can cause different diseases such as lung cancer and likewise I said right away.
Every day when I wake up, then going to school and going home from school or even when I am eating lunch, I see people smoking, and most of them are just my age, and I can usually see them almost everywhere.  My grandfather, he was a smoker like one of them.  What happened is I got the disease, I had asthma and that's why I think smoking is supposed to be banned from most restaurants, so other people won't have to suffer from diseases.
I agree that smoking should be banned because smoking is noxious habit for people, and it is bad for our health and also if we smoke, there is a possibility that other people can be also affected, and there is different kinds of substances that are harmful to our body such as carbon dioxide and there is also nicotine which is very addictive, and this is actually causing a lung cancer and different kinds of diseases in our bodies, so I don't understand the idea why we have to smoke, because it is actually harming our self and eventually it is how we are trying to kill ourselves, and while we smoke, other people can be harmed as well, so it is like very negative.
I agree with banning the smoking in our countries, because one of the reason is that it cause pollution and it kills people, especially the lungs, because people take smoking as a hobby, and they don't care at all and even though they know the risk of doing so, they keep on smoking, because they know it's fun, and the tar which is from the tobacco can kill, I mean, if there is too much, it can kill the presence of lungs and it can cause death to the person, and it can cause pollution because of the smoke, and since the earth is having greenhouse effects, it's like another contri...
I don't believe in the ban because I don't think it is a proper right to ban anything from anyone, because they go to public places to actually – these people have their right to buy or to choose whatever they want to buy, so if they prefer it, then it shouldn't be banned in the restaurant, because they are going to the restaurant to enjoy what they like which means it is wrong to take away something that people enjoy, that people would prefer to get in a restaurant.  Banning things from public places is not right and shouldn't be supported.  I completely disagree.
I believe that smoking is supposed to be banned everywhere.  First of all, I understand those people who think that smoking is really important and I do feel there are situation because of the fixation that happens to them when they were younger.  Maybe because of that, it gets hard for them to stop smoking, but I believe that smoking is very disrespectful, especially with people around you that are not really aware of it or that are disgusted with it.  I believe that smoking in the first place shouldn't even happen and the reason for that is that because it won't help you in any way possible, so having to smoke in public places like restaurants, malls, or anywhere, I think it is very disrespectful so I think that it really should be banned.  In restaurants, it can really affect those people who are eating, and secondhand, thirdhand smoking, it will really...
Smoking in restaurants all over the country should be banned because for me I think it's unhealthy and disrespectful.  People want to enjoy the food they are eating, but then there are people who are smoking, so I think it will make the other people uncomfortable, especially those who are asthmatic or have allergies with smoking.  I think people should stop smoking in general because it seriously kills them.  I think it will be nice if they respect the other people who are in the restaurant because we just want to have a good time, eat good food, and yes, have a good time.  They should stop smoking and just give people the space and let them eat...
I agree in banning smoking in countries because it can cause different disease such as asthma, bronchitis, emphysema, lung cancer, and other respiratory diseases like stroke and others.  It contains nicotine that is drug addictive and it also harms the smoker as well as the family members, friends and coworkers, and others who release cigarette smoke.  It is called secondhand smoke, and secondhand smoke is really bad.  Even also in children like child between the age of 0-18 months, it can cause asthma and...
I for one am not a smoker, coming from the fact that because of my grandfather's smoking habit, I acquired asthma and bronchitis, and it's because of these people that smoke that other people suffer from secondhand smoke.  That is why I think most restaurants should ban smoking so that other people could enjoy their meal without sniffing stuff like smoke, and I think that it will be an advantage for sickly kids like me so kids like me will have healthier...
I agree that smoking should be banned all over the country because it is a noxious habit, and it is harmful to our body like the substances in the cigarettes.  There are different kinds of substances such as nicotine, tar, other more, which is harmful to us, and restaurants are public place, so there would be different kinds of people.  If some people smokes, then other people can be affected and these bad substances can be also transferred to other people, so it's eventually negative effect to everyone, harming oneself while harming other people around us.  Also, if someone smokes in the family, there is a possibility that other people of the family members can also have...
Banning smoking can give a big change to the earth, because it's a fact that smoking can cause, it's part of the air pollution that cause greenhouse effect and ozone depletion, and humans, it's a big damage to everyone, because it's not that the smoker is in danger, but second person or someone right next, for example, a person is right next to the person smoking, that person who isn't smoking is more in danger because inhaling the smoke of the person, I mean, after the person smokes, then the other person will inhale it, it's more dangerous than...
I don't believe that banning of smoking in restaurants will do any good, because I don't think there are restaurants these days that have smoking areas just for the whole restaurant.  Restaurants these days have like a secluded area for people who prefer to smoke while they are eating, so I don't think it's right to ban it, because there is no point in banning smoking in restaurants, because it happens everywhere else anyway, and people don't actually have places, people don't actually need to smell the smoke if they don't want to because it's an open air, and if they don't want to smell smoke, then they stay from people who smoke.  Restaurants these days are better and they are smarter then that and they separate people who are smoking from the...
I believe that smoking should be banned in public places.  First of all, I would like to say that smoking is not a really good thing.  It doesn't help a person in anyway, and maybe that because of people having a hard time getting rid of smoking, it makes me more understand their situation, but to go publically with smoking in front of people that cannot stand smoking or in front of people who are not aware of this, I think that it is really disrespectful.  In public places, we see people smoking in restaurants, in shows, in concerts, in just malls, anywhere, in schools, there are lot of people that are smoking, and they do not realize that it can cause a lot of people some damage.  Secondhand, thirdhand smoking can occur because of this and people do not realize it.  Some innocent people are...
Smoking inside the restaurant should be banned because it is disrespectful and unhealthy.  The smokers should respect the people who are inside the restaurant and give them space they need.  They went to the restaurant to eat and enjoy their food, but then people are smoking so it ruins the ambience of the place and it especially affects the people who have health problems with smoking or the things the cigarette does to them.  Smoking should be banned in general because it kills people like literally.  They should stop smoking because it kills them.  They should just enjoy life without smoking.  Smoking is bad.  It should be banned.  I hate smokers, don't like smokers like I don't like...
