Yes, I do believe part time jobs are really important for students, especially nowadays tuition fees in universities and different colleges get higher and higher.  Plus you will have so many advantages like you learn how to manage your time efficiently and effectively because most of us learn by doing part time job is time management, and managing family, friends, studies, or outings are crucial issues for students.  So you will also gain friends and you will learn how to cope with different kinds of people, set your goals, and be inde – be independent on your financial needs, and you will develop that working relationships for your business life later on.  Plus you will –you will increase your...
I disagree with you should have a part time job while you are studying because if you have a part time job, you won't be as focused as you are with your studies, but it really depends on what your major is.  Because if you're majoring in business or entrepreneurship, then by all means you should have a part time job because you need this part time job to help you with your work and to help you as to have work experience.  So once you graduate, you already have a course in mind, unlike in other courses such as arts, computer design, you need to finish your degree before you can actually – actually have a part time job that's actually the same as what you're studying for.  So if you have a part time job now, it will only make you not focus with your studies, and it will make you set different priorities, you might put work.
Yeah, I agree for – I agree that this is important for college students to have a part time job because it will be a big help to you if you're having an extra money, we call salary for example, if you're not that rich and poor, just average, then your family had a financial problem, you have a backup.  You can help them for paying your tuition, things for your brothers and so for food for such.  There's also other positive things in it, like, you will gain more friends, your social environment will be enlarged, so whenever you need help, you have a lot of connection.  It's like whenever you – you are not rich – rich...
I believe that college students should have a first time job experience, because this first time job experience will surely help them grow in their profession, and as well as, to help them understand what the world is, what the – what reality is – what their profession is really – what their profession really is.  And this experience will surely help them grow to be a better profession and to help them venture and discover their field, their  – of profession.  And I believe that this experience is really important and necessary for them to be exposed and to understand the complexities of their field as well.
Part time job isn't really necessarily be – necessary being college student because having a part time job requires a lot of effort and a lot of time to be able to do it – to do it well.  Having a part time job is really hard – a hard job because it – you – you actually get – get to manage your time studying and – and having a job as well.  Having a part time job isn't really important in – in college because – because it requires – because it actually doesn't necessarily say about some – say something about yourself and – and it really doesn't matter if you don't have a part time job.
I – I agree with the statement that college – some college students have part time jobs.  Part time jobs, they take this because this is where they get money to support their everyday needs like food, clothes, shelter, and other basic needs.  If they – those college students also get savings for their tuition fees, because I know even some college students that their scholarship is – they need that scholarship but when – when time comes that they fail a subject, they might need extra money so that they can pay the tuition fees.
In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job while studying because they would gain experience from this, and they would be able to learn the things that college will not be able to teach them.  For example, working in part time jobs will teach you how to be sociable to other people, how to connect to other people so that you would have connections and then you could apply some of the things that you have learned at college. Not only you will gain experience but then you would also learn from the people you have met from this part time job and also from these – you would be able to realize if you really are on the right path – on the right career path.  If you really want this or you want something else, something that is not...
I disagree with the statement that college students should have part time jobs because college life alone is very stressful, and if ever they engage with another job, it would be harder for them to cope up with their studies and balance their priorities.  If ever they really – if they – if they really need the money for that, for them to continue studying, I guess, the university they are – they are in right now could make considerations or has a lot of programs to offer, just like scholarships, scholarship programs and any programs that could make them a choice or cope up with the payments, fees and other expenses, involving the school.  Education should be treated first or should be taken into consideration first rather than the job.  I'm pretty sure that having job – having job would be really – would – would make students really stressed.
Okay, like I said, it's harder to manage your time if you have a part time job because it would take up more time, and you will not be able to do your homework probably because you will be busy doing other jobs like your part time job.  It's not easy and actually to people who have part time jobs because they have – they have independence, and they have enough capacity to take care of themselves than depend on someone else, and that's – that's great I guess.  But I guess it's not that you should do.  It's – it's too hard to manage for a regular person, but if it's possible, it's good.  It's – it's not that important but it's great if you get all money – be ready for that
Again, I agree with the statement that students could have a part time job because this teaches them to strive harder and also learn in different experiences rather than for – for corners of a classroom, so it makes them independent, and make them strive harder, and think of the future.  And it will be a necessity, and it will really help them and – and their parents.  However, this could – this could be also bad because some students may be over fatigued – be – be – be – have a tough time in the job in school so they will get stressed out, but they should have a positive perspective just like I said a while ago to – for them to – to see that.
As I've said, I don't agree that students in college need a part time job because, as I said that, students will – part time jobs will only cause the students as a distraction in the studies.  Part time jobs will only cause more hassles to the students.  As in college students will have more time to study in their respective schools.  As of my school, we have school on the whole day, so if we have part time job, it will have lesser time for the student to do his homework or prepare for tests or exams for the next day.  So, I strongly suggest – I – I strongly disagree of students having part time jobs during college.  They can take jobs when they finish their college degree.
For me, part-time job is not that important for college students, because we have a lot of works inside the school, and we don't need that part-time job to excel, and I don't know, but for me, what I believe is part-time job is just for those who want to earn extra money, not actually for their needs, but for their wants, because according to our graduates the last time in BSc Maths, they only had five graduates and including the part-time job during that time, I guess it will not be enough for them to graduate and for them to study, so that's it, that part-time is not important.  The more important thing is to study and study and study.  That's all.
If you are a college student looking for a part-time job, the best place to start your job search is probably your own campus.  There are tons of on-campus job opportunities, and as a student, you will automatically be given hiring priorities.  Of course, there are opportunities for part-time work off-campus too.  If you spend a little time digging for the right kind of part-time job, you will end up saving yourself time and saving up money too when you find a job that leaves you with enough time to get your school work done, and it probably would give you like soft [***] trades that you probably should have, because as a college student, you would want to have responsibility.  College time is scarce, and because of that very precious.  At the same time though, expenses in college pile up surprisingly quickly.  A part-time job is a good way...
Yes, I think college students should take part-time jobs not only for the money, but also for the experience of doing work in the future.  Of course, with part-time jobs, you could see actually many, many part-time jobs that you could do without finishing the education of college, but precisely, it is also in the experience of the people, of the college students that it's important, which means with this experience, they could actually use this in the future when they are really working what they really want to do.  I myself want to experience a part-time job really, because I really want to experience any type of jobs to become a successful people in the future, because anything, even something, even a cashier, something, because we don't know what the future will tell us.  It may be some...
Being in college, I agree that students should have part-time jobs.  Being in college gives us more free time than ever.  We are free to choose our schedules and choose the load of classes we would like to take for the semesterial period; in our case, the trimesterial period.  Poverty in our country is very high.  Thus, a lot of students dreaming to study in prominent universities remain dreams.  This is not unless they are ranted with scholarship grants, which my school is very fond of giving other people.  Despite these grants, there are still various requirements one must undergo to finish college degree in a prominent university.  These include various projects, which, of course, involve finances, which I tell you they are a lot.  A student must have something sustaining him or her, and this is where jobs come in.  I believe that college students should have jobs to teach them responsibility...
I don't agree that college students should have jobs, because I think that particularly job may interfere with their or how they make extracurricular standings, because aside from have been extra hours away from school and from home, they are going to have to exert more effort in that in a day and that effort may not be enough to comply with those requirements that is required for college itself.  I do, however, think that they can have a job if only they know how to manage their time for their schools, because it all depends on the priorities of the student, because if, for example, they think that they should not...
I think that it is important for college students to have jobs, because some of them have problems financially, and one solution to this problem financially is by having their jobs.  In this way, it would help them to be able to somehow sustain their daily needs like for the projects and for various things that they need, and when they have their money to sustain their student's needs in school, it would increase the possibility of them being able to study better, because they don't have to worry about where would they get money for a certain project or requirement in school.  They also gain experiences from work like time management, organizing skills, and they gain skills, etcetera, and many more.  Having jobs, but...
Some people wonder if it's a good thing to have a part-time job when you are in a college.  Well, for me, it's good, because it can teach you a lot of things for like example, you can learn how to more responsible.  You can learn how real life really is, because you have to work hard for it, while, of course, studying, so you kind of get an idea what your life is going to be after college, because after college you really have to work hard just to earn.  When you don't have any experience before having a job, you don't know what to do.  You get surprised, you get shocked by the things you do.
I think that it is important for college student to have a job, especially if they are the ones who are supporting themselves in studying, because we also need extra income in case of emergencies, and I think that if you have a job, you can get extra money, and it would be also an advantage to yourself for you will learn to be independent and it would make you become ready in the future, and it would also lessen your parent's burden, because you have extra income, and you wouldn't need to ask them for support, because as I told you earlier that you are learning to become independent because you already have a job, and you have...
I believe that college student shouldn't have jobs because it will have a conflict on their studies.  It really depends on if they don't really have the money to spend for their tuition and also this causes more stress and hence declines the grades of college students from everywhere actually, and yes, I disagree, but it really depends from the background of a student, and yes, we all should...
Nowadays, college students don't have enough money to buy their funds for their college, so they decided to take part-time job to earn some money for their family and their funds for their college.  Sometimes because their family is somehow big and their jobs don't really earn much money for their needs like food, their whatever they need, clothes, toys, I think it's okay for them to have their part-time job, because if that person wanted to help for his family, but I think their family can do it, but sometimes because the family doesn't...
For me, it's a good thing that college students should have part-time job, because first of all, college for you is just school preparing you for the real world, and in that 4 years of study, you are being prepared for your chosen career, your chosen profession, your chosen major, and your chosen specialty.  It's really good to have a part-time job.  Why?  Because it exposes the student in the working world wherein they will be after 4 years.  After those 4 years, they will be working.  They will meet different kinds of people, different attitudes, different personalities, so it's really good for college student to have a part-time job, because to greatly prepare them and to also help them in raising their own money as early...
I do believe that it is of some importance to have a part-time job for college or for life after college, because it gives you experience.  It lets you experience the type of work that you might get talking to people, interaction.  It helps you connect with yourself.  It helps you connect with other people.  I do believe that it is not essential because you can find out things for yourself, but some job opportunities will require you to have experience, and experience is the best teacher, so it is very important to have it, because you will learn from it, not because you need it, but because you will be able to use it.
Yes, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job, because this is training for them to be able to experience working before entering into the real world.  Having a part-time job during college will enable them to practice their skills and communicate with other people even if it's not in the corporate world or even if it's not in their field.  At least, they know what will happen and what are the things to do and not to do and develop skills in the work job before entering into the real job that is related to their field.  It is a very important training for them to be able to learn how to communicate well with other people, with clients, or maybe at least customers before being able to face big clients in the future.
For me, I think I disagree that college students need to have a part-time job, because if they have a part-time job they will have less time to actually study.  Also some students might have difficulty in time management, which means they could get lower grades or they could fail some subjects.  For me, it's probably better if students would actually get a job after graduating because having a part-time job doesn't mean that you'll earn more or probably you'll learn different kinds of things, you'll probably learn more, but it's actually difficult for students to....
I disagree.  They have several reasons for doing that.  Many are forced to find a job either for funding their own education or helping their family's economy.  On the other hand, there are also some teenagers who have willingness for getting experiences by working.  However, if I can choose my position, I am against the idea that teenagers should work part-time jobs.  First, there is not enough time for self-study and doing homework load.  They have remaining time.  They will get tired since a full day of studying then working.  Consequently, they are hard to concentrate in doing their responsibility as a student.  Second, teenagers should use their free time looking for their passionate talents.  That is the best time for them to try a lot of activities and find out there...
The question is if I agree with colleges students to have a part-time job, well, actually I do, because right now I have a part-time job and that is managing my online shop from Instagram.  It's puzzle.ph, so that's P-U-Z-Z-L-E-P-H.  We also have a Facebook page where teenagers or young adults can purchase cloths online, unique cloths.  Sometimes, we make it, sometimes I make it, and sometimes I design these clothes, so it's really, really helpful for a college student to have a part-time job right now, aside from if the college student is under-loaded or can manage a job while studying, so like it can really help through their needs and wants, especially the miscellaneous fees that the parents don't need to...
Part-time job, it usually depends on the person on what their situation is.  If you live here in the Philippines and your education is usually supported by your parents, then I don't think that you need a part-time job as a college student, but if you need monetary assistance from yourself, because your parents can't afford it, then you should have a part-time job, so it's a case to case basis.  I don't think it's necessary for some, but to others it is.  You need a part-time job, but if you are rich and you have parents who support you, then I don't think you need it.  You should just focus on your studies, because that's what you should be focusing on when you are in college, but then having a part-time job is good skills building...
In college, time is cost, and because of that, college is very precious at the same time, though expenses in college pile up surprisingly quickly.  Part-time job is a good way to offset college while ensuring there is enough time left for academics and extracurricular.  Part-time job also helps in some financial incapability to sustain some extra needs in schools like projects or allowances for snacks to buy some.  Of course, these opportunities for part-time work off campus too.  If you need to spend a little time digging for the right kind of part-time jobs, you will end up saving yourself and saving up money too when you find a job that leaves you with enough time to get off your school work done too, so I think...
First of all, having a college degree is very important because it gives a person dignity and his or her chance to grab opportunities in the real world.  I believe that college degrees are our passport to our future jobs and our future dreams.  Having a college degree does not guarantee us a good job in the future, but it will guide us in aim and aid us to get a good job or really something that which we aim to do someday.  Yes, it will help us to get a part-time job, a full-time job, but it's very important that we should be able to enroll and do our best in college, because it is our key to the future.
Yes, I'd have to agree that I think that college students need to have part-time jobs because, first of all, getting skills and other life knowledge from experience, like part-time jobs will give them skills like leadership potential, organizational skills, time management.  Therefore, they are flexible when it comes to balancing their time and course.  Part-time job opportunities gives you ideas on the field that you will be working in the future, so in a job interview in the future, you will be able to stand out in a good way, because we will be able to present something for their resume.  I guess it's a good thing for college students to have part-time jobs.
I believe that and I think that student workers are highly inspiring for they can manage their time in working and studying at the same time.  If I would be given a chance, I would want to be a student worker so I can help my family financially, but I don't know if I can handle the stress because as of now, I am already having a hard time dealing with the schedule as a student alone.  Being a student is a harsher thing, and being a worker is a more hassle one.  I think being a student-worker is one of the most pressing jobs here in the Philippines, and not only in the Philippines, but all over the world, because you get to manage your time as a student and as a worker, which is hard, and one needs to be industrious in order to make things effective.  Being a...
I don't think it's important to get a part-time job when you are student, because you have to focus on studying and you have your parents to provide for you.  Yeah, I think the most important thing when you are student is to get high grades and focus on studying, so that you can get a better job in the future.  We don't need the part-time job, because we don't really need the money yet when you are student, because we have to focus on studying and we have to make sure we get good grades and...
I think [***].  It is important for students to have part-time jobs because I guess the college it is really difficult, I mean it is a test of going into the real world, so part-time jobs really are important.  It is a test actually of how you manage your time well, and if you can handle the stress that will be given to you in the future no matter what job you get like, for example, part-time job would be at a restaurant or like selling video games at a...
All I can say is it's not necessary for them to have a part-time job because they can work, they can study all by themselves without working anymore.  They can provide their own needs in their education through the help of their parents, educational plan, others, so it's not necessary all I can say.  But others really need it because those people really work hard to get what they want with just dedication, so that's it.
I totally disagree because first as students, our main duty is to focus in our studies and give our best shot, so we can have a better life in the future.  Second, if the college students have a part-time job, it really would divide it into half.  One half is thinking about this as I may support, while the other half is basically thinking of what is job.  So it will be hard focus to the college effectively, and if the students have part-time job, it will be more worrisome and it may lead to student's low performance in the class for most of the part-time jobs are done in the night, so there is a tendency for a student to acquire sleep deficient or lack of sleep and that may lead to dangerous sickness.  It is our first duty to work for us, to have a good education, so there is no need to find out, but it is still a student's decision if they really want to experience to work at the early stage of his life, so he can really see how...
My answer is it depends on the situation of the person.  If the person really needs money for him to be able to study, I think he can work for a part-time job for him to support his studies, for him to have money for school materials and works, but if the person is not really in dire need, I think he can just focus on his studies and not work, because for my opinion, part-time jobs are only for those people who really need money for them to support their own needs, and if I agree with this statement, it depends really on the situation of the person.
I agree with the statement having part-time jobs teaches us to be independent.  We should not just be dependent in our parents' money or income, but also be helpful and find ways to support ourselves.  We should also have our money that we have worked hard for during our part-time jobs and help out our parents in paying for our tuition fees and other miscellaneous.  Part-time jobs also help us in character building.  It teaches us how to be responsible, committed, initiative, organized, and accountable, and to have good time management...
Some people, they say that students need to have a part-time job, but for me it's not necessary if we can afford their studies, but sometimes they work for them to have extra allowance, but some people don't need to work now if they afford it, but for me, it's fine to work.  It's actually better than not working because if you work, you gain sense of responsibility and after studies, you know what to do, where to find jobs, and how to make jobs and not only that, but you also help yourself and your parents and you save a lot of money, but at the same time, sometimes people cannot...
College students need part-time jobs, because everything, the allowance they get from their parents might not be enough, and the thing they will eat is actually very expensive than we actually think and what the parents think.  Example, let's say that you receive an allowance of 1000 and you use 700 per week and you only have remaining of 300, but that won't be enough to survive the weekend, because 300, you can only have two meals with 300, and you cannot go out with your friends, so you actually do need a part-time job to support you with the financial things in your daily life, and also to help your parents with tuition fee.  By earning tuition fee, although it's not enough or a lot, you can still help your parents with the tuition fee even by a little, so doing part-time job, you get experience and you help your parents, so it's basically a good thing to do.
It is very important that college students should take part-time jobs because some day, they will need it in the future through the experience, and it will really, really help them if as early as possible, they start earning money, so that in the future, they won't have a hard time, so they will have their own money to learn a lot from these experiences that can be used to help them any problem that they will have to face in the future.  Having part-time job is also important to help your parents to pay for the tuition fees and other miscellaneous fees that...
In my opinion, I think it depends on the state in life of the student.  If the student with his family is facing financial problems, I can say that it is alright.  If your parents can support you with your needs, then it is reasonable to have jobs.  On the other hand, if a student whose family is financially stable and his reason why to have a job is only for experience, than I would say not to it.  I will say that he must focus on his studies first and have a job after he graduates.
I think both, I agree and disagree.  Firstly, I agree because there are scholars there that need money to help their families and there are some students who are very independent who needs money or I don't know, and they don't depend on their families, they don't ask their families for money, and I also disagree, because when sometimes they have conflicts with their schedules, because you need to take this test, but you need to go to your job and I think that's very hard because there are many responsibilities, but yeah, I also agree because for me it will give you money, because I like to go shopping and...
I agree that college students would have a part-time job.  Part-time job is essential for college students as the part-time job makes our students more active, gives some experiences, and students can earn some pocket money.  Part-time job is defined when students do some job besides their studies, so that they can be able to spend their leisure time properly.  Sometimes part-time job gives a student some experiences.  It is true before getting a permanent job or a big job, every people should have to get experiences about what they will be doing in the future.  When college students have a job, they will earn money.  Some of these students need the money to pay for expensive schools while other students need it to make their life easier.  Some college students will not worry about many things in their life such as foods and bills especially if they obtain lot of money from their job.  Some schools are very expensive, even the best students cannot pay all the fees for these schools.
In college, time is scarce and very precious.  At the same time though expenses in college pile up surprisingly quickly.  A part-time job is a good way to offset cost while ensuring there is enough time left over for academics and extracurriculars.  If you are a college student looking for a part-time job, the best place to start your job search is right on campus.  There are tons of on-campus job opportunities, and as a student, you will automatically be given hiring priority.  Plus on-campus jobs eliminate commuting time and can be a great way to connect with academic and professional resources at your university.  Check with your schools' career office, or student employment office for help finding campus job.  Of course, there are opportunities for part-time work off campus too.
I think it is not necessary because a college student has many tasks to do in school.  Once they have taken part-time jobs, the tendency in their minds are half now.  They might not get enough sleep and they fail in some subjects.  It is necessary to have enough sleep in a student in order so their brain can function immediately, preparedly, and well.  Even if you don't have enough sleep and your brain functions, it isn't enough because your brain is not fully recovered, or it is in mental state, but the student needs the focus of time, and it is not necessary to have...
Yes, student should work while attending college, but only with a part-time job, because if a student has a fulltime job while attending college, then it is possible for our student will lose focus on his or her education.  I also do not see anything wrong with a working student, because it helps the student to improve their time management, responsibility, and budgeting, of course, to earn their own money as well.  It will be very helpful for a student to build their confidence to interact with other people so that they will not have a hard time interacting with their future employers, managers, and bosses after they finish college, and lastly I think a working student should have a...
I personally disagree with what other people say that college students should have a part-time job, since how will they be able to study while if they at the same time is having a part-time job, but if they could study while having a part-time job, then it is good for them, but if it is not, it is better to just study and work later on, because you cannot do it at the same time.  That student should focus more on their studies because it's better and usually have a better future than having a part-time job and not ensuring our future and we have low grades and stuff.
I don't agree with that.  I think college students should be focusing on their studies and not having part-time jobs.  I think it is important for them to do their tasks first in school and that their parents should be the one doing the job for them and providing them what they need, and college students have more tasks to do than high school students, so they better be doing and focusing on their studies.
Yeah, of course, I agree that college students need part-time jobs, but it depends on the situation, especially the family is having problems with income or if they are financially unstable or handicapped, but of course, it is very ideal to have part-time jobs because you are going to have experiences there aside from having extra income or money for anything to be spent in school, and yeah, I agree, so it really depends on the situation.  If the student can handle it, especially with the time given or based on his schedule, well, it is very ideal, it is very...
I personally agree that college students should have a part-time job, because it is going to be so helpful to them and to their parents as well.  Having a job in college may not seem ideal, but a job would not make things easier, but a job could also be one of the most beneficial experiences one could ever have.  With the job, students understand the value of money, time management, working with others, and being a leader, preparing for the interviews, and also it's going to be a preparation for them in the future because I know they are going to work after college, so this type of experiences is very invaluable to students wanting to enter the working world after college.  Any money can be quite rewarding.  Of course, it can be rewarding not asking parents for money to buy...
I agree that students should have part-time jobs because it can train them to be more dependent by themselves and be ready for the reality of life.  It can train them discipline, train them to be able to serve as leaders, and also support themselves aside from being dependent to their parents.  I agree because some students are not able to support themselves in studying, so it's better for them to take part-time jobs.
I believe that college students do not require to have part-time jobs, because they wouldn't have all the focus or the attention they need to actually go through college, because part-time jobs hinders you from doing other stuff you could have done when you are taking up college, because in college you have a lot of things to do in and other school.  When you have a part-time job, you don't have the time to do what you need to do outside school, and it's really tiring mentally and physically for a college student to have a part-time job especially if it's a blue collar or a white collar.  It depends.  It doesn't depend actually if it's white collar or blue collar, it's just...
I would have to disagree with the part-time job for college students, because basically college is for studying, and a part-time job could cost a distraction for the students while they are studying.  Of course, when we put to consideration monetary value, we would have to maybe the student is not well, of course, we would put into consideration that the part-time job is necessary, but in the normal case, in the normal week, this is especially here in our college, XXX University where everything is so task-based, a part-time job would be a hindrance to getting grades, and we all know that good grades is the pass to getting the rightful job or the job of your dream, so that's why you are here.  You are here to study and not to work, and that's why I really disagree that part-time jobs should be required or should be done at least by college students.  I myself did not have a part-time job, because I really don't believe that this can help us in college.  Yes, it will give us extra money, but at what cost?  Our grades would be decreased...
I think part-time job depends on the student.  College life can be very stressful and requires the student to accomplish all tasks and challenges involved in a course.  Despite the academics, there are also extracurricular activities that the student might be involved in and take up more of his or her time.  However, not all students have the privilege of only stressing about college.  Some students may not be able to afford tuition fee and is in need to take a part-time jobs.  For instance, in America, it is common that students are in debt even after graduating college due to the high tuition fees. 
I agree that students should have a part-time job, because it helps them realize, attend, and improve themselves in terms of working with people, adjusting to their environments, and taking responsibility.  It also provides them the necessary skills to cope up in the real world right after they graduate.  It really helps them a lot to improve before the actual experience and to be the best in their specific field of task.  It helps them to get ready for the future problems...
Well, I really think that having a part-time job for college students really depends on the situation, but I agree that college students have a part-time job especially if the college student is poor or who are suffering from financial problems, because if the students have a part-time job, they could also pay for their education.  It can help their parents so that they can give more money to support their educational endeavors, and having a part-time job enables these children to have more financial help other than just being without any money to pay their education.  I know that having a part-time job is quite a hassle, because you would have to balance your time between your job and your educational endeavors, but I think that's part of your life because...
I do agree that college students should have a part-time job because it would train them and we will have experience in coping up with others and do the jobs that they would take.  It will also practice for them so that it wouldn't be hard for them to cooperate with others, and it will also help them because finding jobs here in the Philippines is so hard, so having experience is really important, and also they will have a copy of the resume when they are going to submit it to the company...
For me, I am 50% agree and 50% not agree because both have its advantages and disadvantages.  If a college student having a part-time job, he or she may help his parents for their family incomes and financial support, but there is also disadvantages, because they cannot focus on their studies and they will be having hard time because they may not put all their times to their studies or subjects because they have a part-time job and they need it to focus on their part-time job, but they those who have part-time jobs, it will be a chance to do some extra income, because this extra income maybe after...
I think first year college students should have a job so that in the future they don't need to have a hard time on adjusting and I think that students who have part-time jobs have the experience in being able to get higher positions in companies, because they already are experienced, and I believe that college students who have work have more capabilities than college students who didn't get to work, and college students who have already worked have a higher chance on having a hard [***] time in the real world.
Well I agree that the student can study well having a part-time job.  It would be an advantage for them.  I think these days, students are becoming practical.  I believe that the reason of the students to have part-time job is not only to earn money, but also to earn experiences.  Experience will definitely help them to learn more.  In this way, the students will be able to learn more value.  These values would mould them to become a better person.  This would become a good start for them in the future.  This will make them use to it in things that they have already experienced.  It would also assure that they are doing well.  It's like a training for them.  They would benefit a lot from having a part-time job.  It is good to think that they can apply everything....
For the college students to have the part-time job is good.  It will help them to have more allowance and extra income.  It can help their parents to support their family's financial status, and they will gain additional experience in doing the part-time job.  Part-time job should not take much of their time, but they should know how to budget and arrange their schedule well.  In college, students' schedules are very wide and they have many free time, so they can practically apply for a part-time job.  If you are good at management, you will have extra income, extra budget, and you will have extra experience for your future career.  For you to be a....
I believe that part-time job for college students are important because with this part-time job, we will be able to experience the courses that we are studying currently, and through this part-time job, we will be able to gain additional knowledge rather and do have a better background of the course that we are taking.  Having a part-time job during your college life would help you in your academics as well because the part-time job is like a training for your course and will be able to help you not only in the course but also in getting a...
I agree that college student with part-time jobs are better than studying in college alone.  Since while having part-time job you will gain a lot of experience that will be developed for your future after your college or after you have finished your college degree.  This experiences will enhance yourself as a better person, and as people say that learning comes from experience, and also by having part-time job you will have a lot of new friends and your contacts will multiply and by having a lot of friends or people that you know, you will be able to....
I think college students shouldn't have a job because it won't allow them to focus on their studies as much as they would if they were just being an ordinary student.  If they have a job, they might fail in their academics which would further delay their graduation in order to be legal to take a proper job.  If they delay themselves for their job, it might affect their future and the financial capacities of him or his family.  It is important for the college student to focus mainly on studies so that he can get a good job after he graduates.  It is okay to have a job in summer as a college student...
For me I agree that college students should have a part-time job because firstly a part-time job can decrease [***] students' financial burden as not every one of the student from poor family can apply for grants at universities.  They can take part-time job to pay for their tuition and cost of living.  Also for those students who would want pocket money and don't want to bother to ask their parents for it, they can earn money through part-time job and buy things they like such as clothes, electronic gadgets, and [***].  Doing part-time job is an appropriate and relatively easy way for college student to make money which helps them to better deal with their financial problems.  Moreover part-time job can improve college students' academic studies, for example, if a student who enjoys accounting finds a part-time job in a...
I think it depends on the person if he can handle having a part-time job then I guess it is okay, but I think it is much better not to have a part-time job after school because it is going to be difficult to balance school work and the job at the same time.  But if they are having difficulties with money like paying for their education, then maybe they can go and take part-time job if they really need it, but I think it is much better not to because people should study first and focus more on studies so that they will be able to attain good grades and a good education for their future and when they grow up so they can get a good job...
I do not agree with the idea of college students working part-time jobs because first of all it can affect their studies and academics.  The stress that they will be getting from the working part-time could really affect the performance inside the university.  Their studies would be greatly affected basically because working part-time could possibly limit the amount of time the student needs to study his or her lesson.  Part-time jobs I think are not really necessary for the students who can afford to pay their tuition fees, but for those who are having a hard time financially.  Part-time job for the students I think should be fairly limited, done only a couple of reasonable hours for them to balance their studies and academics so that their performance in the university will not be greatly...
If – I think if you don't have to – don't.  Because one don't had to working in college, however, it's a potential for students who work so much, that their jobs interfere with their college goals, in academic progress.  If you don't have to work while in college, you shouldn't.  If your bills are being paid and you're being fed, what is the point?  College lot – has a lot of homework and research requirements, because college grades are critical, student shall be able to devote as much time as necessary to their classes without having to worry about work.  If a student has made a commitment to attend college, they need to be able to give it their all.  Students who have time enough after college work, enough hours to support themselves and pay off their...
I agree with students having part time jobs in college.  If a student can handle and manage both, his or her studies and work at the same time, then I think, there is no problem with that.  I mean, who doesn't want a few extra cash?  There are some students who really need extra cash just to make ends meet.  Most especially, those who work in order for them to study or at least lessen payment for their tuition fees, not to mention part time jobs may provide students with on hand experiences on life outside the parameters of their comfort zone, giving them the sense of independence, involving budget, time, and maybe work management.  However, there is some risk that these students may not be able to handle the pressure of doing both.  They might sacrifice attending some of their classes, some of them might be unable to complete their homeworks and projects and they might also sacrifice their social life.
Intriguing issue so, I am pro-part time job as long as students know how to balance their studies and other commitments in life.  So, as long as they know their priorities.  Also, this for me is a very good thing because as we all know, many parents, nowadays cannot afford to send their children to school, so this in turn is an opportunity for the youth or the children to help them achieve their dreams or goals in life.  By the time, they graduate or finish their studies, it already is a very big thing for it may help them elevate their way of living, you know, having better jobs so...
Okay, so children – children generally study and adults work that the ideology that a lot of people and student reminds nowadays that, [***] that, that is the role that each people do in the world.  Some people – some people are given more privileges than – more privilege than others and some do not even have the so called privilege, and that's the world we lived in right now that – and that world is unjust and unequal and that reality.  Labor among teenagers or even part time jobs among teenagers, basically those who are studying are not that – it is not really prevalent among the entire population of the youth, but in most third world countries working students and their...
I think that it is fine for students to work even if they are still in college.  As long as they are able to balance their time, and as long as they can still keep a good mark in their academic.  College students who are working are granted a head start on the real world.  So, through this, they can already experience what it feels like to be working, and they already know, and they are learning the things that they need in order to succeed in their life.  They also learn the importance of independence at an early age by making their own money and partially providing for themselves.  They also learn the...
I think students in college who work are very admirable for their diligence and perseverance.  But I don't really agree that it is – that they have to have jobs.  They work so hard just to be able to have their college degrees, however, I feel like it is not really a very ideal thing to do because unfortunately, sometimes, work can get in the way of their studies.  And this is definitely not a good thing because I believe that studies should be the first priority of students, you know, but – I do understand the reasons behind all this.  Some college students work because they may not have enough resources coming from their family members to supplement for their schooling, or they probably just want to be independent, and that's okay.  I guess there should just be a program for students like these, so they won't have to let...
Okay, first of all, I believe that college students should have part time jobs, I agree with the statement because first of all, if college students don't have part time jobs, how will they be able to support themselves financially.  It is true that while others have families to support them and are well off, but even so, they should learn to be independent and to having part time jobs, they can achieve this.  For example, if one has a part time job, he or she would be able to further enhance his skills in living, for example, alone and to – he would be able to earn money by himself, not having to rely on anyone else, he will learn how to be able to support himself.  We have part time jobs to help us – to help prepare us for the...
I think that in some cases it is all right for students, for college students to get part time jobs.  For example, if their family cannot fund their education, I think that, they in fact should get part time jobs, so they can get additional – additional income or additional money to – in order to continue their education because I believe that education is very important.  Also, in – in other case is – although, in other cases, I believe that students should not get part time jobs especially if they cannot balance, they cannot balance their studies with their jobs.  So, I think that, if the person is able to balance it equally, and still get high grades, high marks in their exams, then they can get part time jobs, because it also expands your horizon, also introduces you to new things in the outside world, in the real world so, yes, it is the – my answer is relative depending on the situation.
People will have hard time focusing on their studies while they are working, so if – however they are – they want to have an honor, they will have hard time, achieving it – achieving – working it – its time – conscience time and – and its – it also give – it's also stressful thing.  When there are lot of quizzes given to the student, the student will have hard time focusing on – in his or her studies since she's working and she needs to work hard in order to – in order to – to – to...
I would like convince my friend to enter into a part time job because it would give him such opportunities that he wouldn't experience because in a part time job, you get to – to learn things like doing how stuff works, and you get to experience like the outside world, and which you can't experience when you're just studying.  And with the part time job, you can learn things, explore, and get to know more people outside your boundaries.  And by that, I would like to convince him to enter into a part time job, because it can be essential to benefit him – it will benefit him also.  Hello.
I do agree that college students they need to have a part time job.  I think, it is important for them to be exposed to the reality with – of the world, of how hard it is to exactly earn money, not having their parents to support them.  And I think it will help the college students be more independent, to be more responsible, and to know how the world works, before they go – go and graduate and go to the corporate world of some sort.  And I do think that they would treasure money more, because they worked hard for it, rather than parents giving them the money they need to use for their needs and wants.  Having a part time...
Well, in my opinion for that question, I would disagree because college students nowadays have far more hard subjects, difficult activities to do, hectic time schedules, so it is very difficult for students to take – to study in college and once in a while take up a part time job.  I don't think that it's important because, well, as college students who are still learning, trying to find – find out new things for us to learn, to study, for us to be able to – to be able to be good in our future jobs.
I believe that person having part time – the student having part time jobs during his or her studies, during college is very important because, first of all, having a part time job in college trains the student at an early age.  It – it can train the student to – to enhance his or her business mind in order to prepare his – him or herself for the upcoming business life.  I believe that a student having a part time job will also help his or her social life.  He can have numerous friends to help them out.
Yes, I think part time jobs are really important for students, especially nowadays, tuition fees in universities gets higher and higher.  Plus you will also have many advantages, like you will learn how to manage your time effectively and efficiently.  First thing one learn by doing part time job is time management, managing family, friends, studies, outings are crucial issues for students, and plus you will also learn how to manage your money and be independ – be independent in terms of your financial needs, plus you will also learn how to – how business operates in our real world.  The – they could practice what they learned while their such things to their work and plus you will have – you will have some thing within...
I disagree because if you are a student, you should be focusing on the studies, and there are scholarships and other alternatives for you if you want to have money for your studies.  And if the course is business, then by all means you can take a part time job because of work experience, unlike other courses, that would just make you not focus on your own subject which is what you're supposed to do right now, just studying and not having other things on your mind like work.  And I think if you have a part time job, you wouldn't perform in your everyday school as well as you do.
I agree because for me this certainly will be big help to you, like, if you have – if you're having an extra money, we call salary, for example, you're not that rich and poor, just average, then your family had a financial problem, you have a backup.  And you can help them for paying your tuition or other things as well.  There is also other positive things in it, like, you will gain more friends, your social environment will enlarge so whenever you need help, you have a lot of protection.  You will not – just like me, I don't have a part time job.  I can't – I can't help my parents, then I think they're having an – no problem on our budget because they always say [****]
I believe and I – I believe that college student should have first time job experience because having a first time job experience will expose the student to the reality, to the outside world, and without this, they wouldn't be able to understand what the world – the business world or whatever field they are in really, and this first job experience will be their stepping stone in order to help them grow and also venture more business experiences or job – job experiences and this will also help them be...
I don't agree that having a part time job is really important to college student because being a college student is a very hard job and I think they don't really need to have that kind of job.  It is because it may affect their studies and – and it may – it may use so many time and the – the student may not be able to focus on their studies.  Although, part time jobs can give lessons in our lives, it doesn't necessarily mean that we have to – to take a part time job to – during our – being college student.  It – it means that part time jobs are not required being a college student more especially it – it takes a lot of skills and – and...
I agree with the statement because some – some college students really need to take part time jobs for them to support their everyday needs like food, shelter and some savings for – for their tuition fees.  I think that they need this job so that they can – they can balance and support their studies.  I know some people that don't have that much money but studied in the [***] university, so they needed to take part time jobs and they have no parents...
In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job because not only they will gain experience but then they would also have best choice as they – as they really are in their right career – in the – in the right career path.  In college, I think that not everything is taught and having a part time job will give you more experience in the real world, and it will not just help you adapt to this working environment but then it will also help you to improve and – to improve yourself and also to apply everything that you have learned in college and in – by having a part time job not only you would apply all...
I completely disagree with the statement that college students should have part time jobs because it will be harder for them to cope – to cope up with their studies and balance their priorities.  If ever money is the problem, I'm pretty sure that the university they are – they are in right now has a lot of programs to offer like scholarship programs and other programs for them to pay or adjust with the fees and payments that should be made.  And in fact, that job is – college is really stressful and having a job would – would definitely kill all the energy that the students have and instead of giving their time and attention and focus on the studies alone, they have to share it with the job, which is really – I guess if really the money is the problem, I guess, it's really important, but – but still education comes first.
Okay, so I've been a student for more than 13 years and I think that it's not that necessary to have a part time job.  Being a student requires a lot of your time, and having – having poor time management skills will cause the lack of time that will not be healthy for average student.  Based on my own experiences, I have been having a lack of time, I mean not particularly because, I'm not – I don't have good time management skills, but the pressure is – the pressure in – in school is just too much sometimes, and you – you can't just handle them all.  Having a part time job would give you – give you a hard – a harder time.  I guess if they...
As a working – for a working student, I agree with that statement because it may be hard, but as long as they can balance, I think they could push it through since – since if it is really a necess – necessity for them.  I see this as an opportunity for them to strive harder for a better future.  It would also make them independent and earn their money, and for example, they really need financial assistance.  It will be a great help for their parents to – to support their education and despite – despite it being hard, it could be a positive – it could lead them to be a positive person for they will think...
I don't agree that students need a part time job in college because in college students are required to study, they have to pursue their studies and they should not easily be distracted.  I believe that having a part time job will easily distract them, and although some students may have part time jobs, they can handle both.  But I suggest that having a part time job, it's not necessary for a college student to – something to do because having a part time job will only cause the student to be stressed and a student should enjoy his life as a student, because it's not all the time that we are students.  Part time jobs are only there – can only be there when the student graduates and when...
That's like what I said before, so my first for me, first 1 minute I said that part-time job is just an addition to our studies, and it makes studying harder and like studying which is already a hard task for us students, it will be better, I guess, and another thing is here in the Philippines, it's quite hard to look for some part-time jobs, especially for us students, because they need a lot of time and they choose I know the prestigious schools in the country and like they don't really look for those students who are in it.  They often look for students whom they know that can do something for them, and I believe that not all students are like that.  I guess we students are different.  Some have different levels than the others.  Even though we are in the same college or with the same level...
If you are a senior, junior, or even a sophomore, chances are you know your campus pretty well.  Why not take advantage of that knowledge and work for your college's admissions department, right?  I mean, admissions rely on outgoing from the students to give group tours or even personal tours and talk to potential students about all that the college has to offer.  If you are saying it's a job for you, you should ask your admissions department about the openings.  Not only the job that looks good on your resume, but it's also convenient, because you don't even have to leave campus to get to work.  Having to think about work is pretty hard for a college student, but gives them more responsibility.  Freshmen seminar classes can have as many as 500 students enrolled.  That's a lot of tests, grades, so professors often employ students within the department to give tests.  Also, it's ground work, the work load is generally...
It's because we need experience to survive in the real world out there.  It's in the experience that everybody knows what to do and what not to do and to become successful in the future.  Again, I think college students should be working part-time jobs because of the experience of everyone, and I think it's also because of the money to support themselves and to study in college and to become successful in everything, and I think it's because of maybe the helping of the parents in the family and also the relatives that makes it very, very important for them to have experience in it.  I think that maybe I want to have part-time job here in the Philippines so that I could exp...
Being in college gives us more free time than ever.  We are free to choose our schedules and choose the load of classes we would like to take in the semesterial period, or in our case, the trimesterial period, in which we follow.  Poverty in our country is very high.  Thus, a lot of students dreaming to study in prominent universities remain dreams.  This is not unless they are granted with scholarship grants.  Despite these grants, there are still various requirements one must undergo to finish a college degree in such prominent universities.  These include various projects, which, of course, involve a lot of finances, which I can tell you.  A student must have something sustaining him or her, and this is where jobs come in.  I believe that college students should have jobs to teach them responsibility of handling and keeping finances well.  College is the last step for entering the world of adulthood.  It is at this stage in which we are trained for the real world.  Part-time jobs wouldn't hurt, especially if it's just for an hour or two.  Some jobs actually pay early, the money you can get...
As I earlier said, I still stand by my point that college students should not have a part-time job, because it might interfere with their studies and their extracurriculars in their school, and also, of course, in their personal life, because a job requires extra effort, that extra time from the student, and sometimes their time for school is not even enough to require for their personal needs.  Sometimes college life is very hectic and it requires more time and even sometimes it requires extra time, and if a student has a part-time job, then that time might be lacking more for the student, and he may not be able to acquire and be able to...
As I said before that the college students, some of them should get jobs.  I think that having a job at an early age would give them the greater chance after college in working better, because they've gained experience already.  It would give them the opportunity that they could work efficiently and better because they already have experiences.  Somehow, it would be a distraction, but if I think college students are ready to face this kind of problem, so I think they could study and get job at the same time, yeah.
Well, some people wonder if it's a good thing to have a part-time job while you are in a college, but some don't, because you have a hard time studying in college.  You need a good college grade to get a good job in the future.  But also you need to have an experience for you to have a job, so it's kind of good to have a part-time job when you're studying.  You'll get an idea what you're going to experience in the future after college, and also you get to learn new things.  It's quite an experience, because it's not like anything that you can study from books.  You really need to learn the hardships of having a job, the difficulty, the real life problems of having a job, of being a true citizen to...
As I said that it is important for a college student to have a job, especially if they are the ones who are supporting themselves, because it would make them independent and they would have more experiences, and it would make them more ready in life in challenges of life, because they are more equipped with those experiences, and as we say, experiences are the best teachers in life, and with that experience, they get to learn more, and not only do they get to learn more, they get to gain new lessons in life and also they get to learn the value of independency.  They don't need to deepen on their parents for extra income or extra money.  They would learn to value this for the near future, and they would have like what I have said, more experiences in life, and it would make them ready for the future and...
As I said, I disagree, but it really depends on the student, and the background he or she came from, because sometimes for different colleges, some of the students come from different rich families and basically families that are well off, so they don't have trouble for the money for schools and all, but some also do not have the money, so they need to work for it, because their parents cannot afford it, so seem to make an effort for their education, so yes, I disagree, but it depends on what's the financial status of the student.  That is all.
Like what I said, the parents don't have enough money for their jobs and they don't have enough education, sometimes it happens like that, and then the students are really having hard time, but I think it's okay to have their part-time job, because, yeah, they have their family, but it will depend on the students too, because it depends on the schedule.  Sometimes if there is a night, they will do that, and then sometimes there is 12 – yeah, it depends on students.  As long as he can control himself or herself to their schedules, it's [***], but as long as he can control it, and he will control how determined that student will be, I think it's okay also to have their part-time job, but it will depend on the student himself, and...
It's a good thing that college students should have part-time job.  Why?  Because it prepares them in the real world.  College is very different from high school.  In high school, all you do is just study different fields, different disciplines, but in college, you are to choose what is your major, what will be your future job, your future career.  Part-time job, it's really helpful for college student, because first of all, as early as college, it will help them earn money, it will teach them how to use this hard-earned money.  It also helps them in their training in college as well, because college is about training yourself for working, so in college, they have a part-time job as early as that.  They'll learn to work already.  So, a part-time job is really important for a college student, so it should...
I do believe that it is of some importance to have an experience or part-time job before you enter into other levels of your life.  It is important for a college student to embrace themselves to find out how they interact with other people, and of course, some jobs require experience before you are taken into this life where you have to take responsibility for yourself.  You have to learn how to interact with other people to be able to know how you are going to act.  It's going to give you experience, and experience is the best teacher, so I believe that it is important.  It is not what we want, it is what we need.  Having experience is going to help us in our life, so...
Yes, it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  I agree with this idea, because this is a training ground for them to practice their skills and communicating skills before entering the real world.  It is in this area while they are still studying that they will be able to train their work-related skills or develop or find output skills they will be able to use in the corporate area.  Even if the job is not related to their field, at least they will be able to develop or find out whatever skills they have, and if they are able to find out new skills, then they would be able to develop it more as time goes by and even before the graduates, and by the time they reach the real world or the work that is related to their field, then they would be able to be an expert in such a skill.
I disagree with college students.  I mean I disagree that college students should have a part-time job, because being in college, they'll need to do lots of things.  There's going to be lots of home works, lots of research, so it will be hard for a student to actually manage their time.  Maybe some students could do it, but probably most of us won't be able to manage our time, so it will be difficult for us to probably get high grades.  Some of us might fail or get lower grades, so I don't think it's good for us to have part-time jobs, especially if we are already in third year or fourth year, since that's the time where we really need to focus on our studies.  Maybe we could get...
For instance, they may take some lessons such as music lessons, dancing class, rowing, sports, yeah, sports and other skills.  Additionally, those kind of extracurricular activities get them more using right brain, which is balancing them from school.  Third, it is so important to grow up with sufficient family time.  I am very sure that the best education system begins at home.  Social skills, values, and characters are most developed and influenced by family.  Moreover bad lifestyles, habits, and world view have much potential to destroy our teenagers by now.  If teenagers grow up with family love and protection, I believe really bad things can be prevented.  So, I am disagreeing.
Yes, I encourage college students to have a part-time job.  You know why?  Because yes, I said a while ago first, it's a great way to earn money.  It's a great way to become independent, to help you grow as a person, to not have your parents give you allowance and you pay for your own stuff.  This is your own hard work.  This is a great way.  A part-time job now is a great way to practice yourself for the future, to practice yourself after you graduate, right.  Second of all, it's a really, really nice way to form links, to form connections, because in the future, you really need to have connections in order to be successful, in order to reach the top.  The third one is who wants to have your...
Having a part-time job as a college student is really it could be important to you if you need more financial assistance, if you are not being supported by your parents, or their support is lacking, because they can't afford it, then you need a part-time job, but if your parents can afford it, then I don't think you need a part-time job.  You should be focusing on your studies, but it is like it builds your self-esteem for the future for your workplace, so it could be a plus, but then to some, they don't really need it, so that's what I think about college students having a part-time job, and the 60 seconds aren't up yet.  Yeah, so that's what I think.  For some it's necessary, for others you don't really need it.  You should focus on your studies.
Part-time jobs like looking for another companies, especially looking for jobs in the call center or working some change that can be piled up for financial leaves [***], but I think part-time job, I think if a college student or something else looking for a part-time job, the best place to start your job search, I think is right in the campus, or surrounded in the campus.  If something problems or you are doing some commuting going back and forth from the job, you are working on and going to the school that you are studying in, it's the best thing is it must be near of it, but it's the best also place is near or around of it.  I think part-time job is the best way.  Going back to my point as it is the best way to help financial needs and...
College degrees are really important if you want to apply for a job, because first off that's what really employers look for in a resume.  College degrees are very important to aid people to be able to have the ability to do the jobs that the real world has to offer.  College degrees will train them and make them well skilled for the jobs that they are giving, they are ready to receive in the future.  These are our passports to our dreams, and it is very important that we take them seriously.  If we do not apply for college, we might not get the life that we want to get or maybe the jobs that we want to pursue.  It is very important that we should take this seriously because it will be our gateway to the future.  It will help us...
Like I said, I have to agree that college students need to have part-time jobs because this will give them the experience and knowledge which will be advantageous because recruiters in the future will want to have these kinds of employee who are experienced.  They will be able to gain leadership potentials, time management skills, and of course, they are able to socialize with their employers.  They will be able to know how to handle situation, and of course, they will be able to achieve a lot more things since they are experienced.  Part-time job, of course, will give you a good resume because you are able to present experience.
Being a college student requires lots of money, so I think being a student worker is one of the key in order to finish college.  Student workers I think are highly inspiring for they can manage their time in working and studying at the same time.  If I would be given a chance, I would want to be a student worker so that I can help my family financially, but I don't know if I can handle the stress, because as of now, I am already having a hard time dealing with my schedule as a student alone.  Being a student worker mainly means being able to manage your time as a student and as a worker.  Being a student is a harsher and being a worker is a more harsher one.  I think being a student worker is one of the most praising jobs not only in my country but all over the world, because you get to help yourself...
I don't think it's important to get a part-time job as a student because we have to focus on studying and we don't really need the money yet when you are student, because you have your parents to provide for you, and we have to focus on studying so that we may get better grades, and we don't need part-time job because we need to study more and focus on studying, yeah.  We need to do our best to get high grades, yeah.
Part-time jobs are important for college students because it's a test of how well you manage your time, and if you can handle what's coming up for you after college, if you have a part-time job, I guess, you have to worry about school and you don't just worry about school, you also worry about other things and that is a part-time job, so a part-time job really helps you grow up also.  I mean, as a college student, people consider us as adults already.  They consider us as adults, so we really have to man up and perform our responsibilities well and manage our time well, so part-time jobs are...
What I can say over this is that it's not necessary for them to have a part-time job because some people don't need a support for their education, because especially for the parents, it will be just another burden for them to do it.  It's the responsibility for their parents for them to support their children in their education, but some people do part-time jobs while studying because they believe it will help them finish their education, especially if they are encountering some financial problems in life.  That's what I can say, so not necessary...
I totally disagree because first we are students.  Our main duty is to focus to our studies and give our best shot, so we can have a better life in the future.  Second, if we college students have a part-time job, then our brain will be divided into half; one half is thinking basically about his assignment and reports and the other half is basically thinking of what his job is, so it's basically hard to focus.  Third, college is hectic, and if the students have part-time job, it will be tiresome and it may lead to student's low performance in the college.  Fourth, most of the part-time jobs are done in the night, so there is a tendency for our student to acquire sleep deprivation or lack of sleep.  It then may lead to a dangerous sickness.  Fifth, it is our first duty to work for us, to have a good education, so there is no need to find one, but it is still the student's decision if they really want to experience work at early stage of his life.  So he can really see how reality is outside the university and get hang of it.  I really...
As I have said, having a part-time job depends on the situation.  If a person really needs a part-time job because he is in dire need of money for him to be able to support his needs and school materials, I think he can have a part-time job, and if the parents of that person can really support him to have an education, I think that college student can have a part-time job if he really wants to pursue his dreams or if he really wants to have a degree in the future and have a stable job in the future, I think he can really have a part-time job, but if the person can support his needs, if that college student has parents that can support his needs, school materials, I think there is no need for him to have a part-time job.
I agree with having part-time jobs.  For a student having a part-time job teaches us to be independent.  We should not just be dependent in our parents' money or income, but also be helpful and find ways to support ourselves.  We should also have our money that we have worked hard for during our part-time jobs and help out our parents in paying for our tuition fee and other miscellaneous.  Part-time jobs also help us in character building.  It teaches us how to be responsible, committed, initiative, organized, and accountable and to have good time management skills.  Things we need for us to be able to be successful in our future careers after we finish our studies, but there are also...
Some people say that it's good that people work at a part-time job while they are studying, but for me it's not necessary if they can afford, but I can say that it is better than not working, because as long as the student can juggle the work and they can study while working, it gives them the sense of responsibility that they can work while studying, so it gives them like benefit that as early as a student they already know how to work and it's also a plus for them because they gain allowance, not only do they help themselves, but they also help their families...
Part-time job is not really easy because I also tried doing part-time job.  When I have to do part-time job, we have to be aware with the time, because when we are late for the part-time job, then it will be causing me a lot of trouble, and part-time job is actually very helpful and good to experience, because not everything you do will be set on time, so we have to practice being on time by having part-time job, because part-time job has different times all the time, so you have to set out with the schedule and you will always have to fit the time for the part-time job which will allow you to be more efficient with the time scheduling and time management, and part-time job is actually very, very useful in going around the place, because part-time job is not just near your place, but it could be far and it could be away from the place you live.  It's a very good experience to do and most [***] before you die.
Having said that college students should have part-time job, it is really, really important because they will really need it to help them in their future endeavors, and this could really, really help them to have firsthand experiences in having a job.  They will also have the discipline that they will need in the future.  They could also have enough money to pay for their own expenses and also at the same time help their parents to pay for their tuition fees and other miscellaneous fees.  Some parents also don't need to give their sons or daughters allowance that they need for school, because the students themselves can already have that money, because of the part-time job that they are undergoing now, and it is always better to start...
In my opinion, I think it depends on the state in life of the student.  If the student whose family is facing financial problems, I can say that it is all right.  If your parents can support you with your needs, then it is reasonable to have jobs.  On the other hand, if a student whose family's financial is stable and his reason why to have a job is only experience, than it's not all right.  I would say that he must focus on his studies first.  He should seek experience after graduation.  There is a time for everything.  The student must not take experience for granted.  It will just come when time pass by.  Also, student should make sure that he will finish studies first before having a job.
I think it has its advantages and disadvantages.  Advantages are they give you money, you can help your family, you can make your family happy, and you can gift them like you are giving something in return, and because you have your own money, you don't need to ask for money from your parents or friends if possible.  The disadvantages are I think will be the schedule conflict because sometimes you need to go to this job but you have this test on that day and sometimes like when you want to go to your friend's house and you need to go to that job, but it has its own pros and cons, so I don't know if I agree, but for me I disagree.
I agree that college students would have a part-time job.  Part-time job is essential for college students as part-time job makes students more active, gives some experience as student, can earn some pocket money.  Part-time job is defined when students do some job besides their study so that they can be able to spend their leisure time properly.  Sometimes part-time job gives a student some experiences.  It is true before getting a permanent job or big job every people should have to get experiences about what they will be doing in the future.  When college students have a job, they will earn money.  Some of the students need the money to pay for expensive schools while other students need it to make their life easier.  Some college students will not worry about many things in their live such as food and especially if they obtain lot of money from their job.  Some schools are very expensive.  Even the best students cannot pay all the fee for the schools, thus the students have to obtain part-time jobs which would help them to provide money for school fees and for themselves.  There are negative adverse effects for students who have part-time jobs.  They gain many skills and many experiences in life, but in the same way, some college students talk [***] mostly because of...
In college, time is scarce and very precious.  Therefore, college students should have part-time jobs.  At the same time though expenses in college pile up surprisingly quickly.  A part-time job is a good way to offset cost while ensuring there is enough time left over for academics and extracurriculars.  If you are a college student looking for a part-time job, the best place to start your job search is right on campus.  There are tons of on-campus job opportunities, and as a student, you'll automatically be given high priority.  Plus on-campus jobs eliminate commuting time and can be a great way to connect with academic and professional resources at your university.  Check with your school's career office or student employment office for help finding campus job.  Of course, there are opportunities for part-time work off campus too.  If you spend a little time digging for the right kind of part-time jobs, you will end up saving yourself time and saving up money...
It is not necessary, because lack of sleep is that important.  We need sleep as a student in order that our brain functions well.  Having part-time jobs is tendency [***] in their brains are half now, and they might not get enough sleep and may fail in many subjects.  It is necessary for students to have enough sleep in order their brain can function immediately, preparedly, and well.  I disagree that students could have part-time jobs.  Their tendency is their minds are in half now.  They might not get enough sleep and may fail in many subjects because of the mind and the task are divided and the focus are not enough for a student can continue.  It is not that multi-tasking that...
Students should work while attending college, but only with a part-time job because if a student has a fulltime job while attending college, then it is possible for the student will lose focus on his or her education.  I also do not see anything wrong with a working student, because it helps the student to improve their time management, responsibility, and budgeting, of course, to earn their own money as well.  It will be very helpful for a college student to build their confidence to interact with other people so that they will not have a hard time interacting with their future employers, managers, and bosses after they finish college, and lastly I think a working student should have a great responsibility because a student needs to find the correct balance of work and education.
I disagree with what other people are saying that college students should have part-time jobs since how will they be able to focus on their studies, because having a part-time job means instead of having a full time in the subject I have focused on your studies, now you have to divide them, which would give you a lesser time to study and you might have low grades, and it's a disadvantage as well, but if a college student could do this at the same time while studying, then it's good for them, but if not, it's better not to try to have a part-time job since part-time jobs take up half of your day; how will you be...
I don't agree that college students should be having part-time jobs.  I believe that they should be working on their studies and not having jobs.  For me, I believe that their parents should be the one doing the job for them and providing them what they need, providing them the money to study and providing them the family needs and not the students to work for that money.  It is better for the college students to focus on their studies, because it's what their future, that life in it.  That would be all.  Thank you.
I agree with college students that need to have part-time jobs.  It also depends on the family situation, especially if they are needing financial assistance from anyone else, but cannot have one, so it can also be relied on the student itself, and not all that, by taking part-time jobs, you can also earn experiences that can be used in the future.  Not only the experience because it can also help the parents for them to have money to spent in college times, especially in projects.  Projects really cost a lot, so I agree with that having part-time jobs is really good.  It's very recommended for students regardless of the age...
I strongly agree that college students should have a part-time job because having a job isn't bad.  It's actually going to help students to learn more, to experience life like that.  A job could also be one of the most beneficial experiences one could ever have in college.  With the job, students understand the value of money, time management, working with others, preparing for the interviews, and also being a leader, and this type of experience is actually invaluable to students wanting to enter the working world after college.  Earning money can be quite rewarding.  Not asking your parents for money to buy something you have wanted for a while can make it even more satisfying.  It's going to make your parents happy like that, and they're going to feel proud of you if you are helping them, because I know some parents doesn't...
I agree that students should have part-time jobs because students will learn to be more dependent by themselves when they are living by themselves and have a taste of reality.  Students will be able to provide themselves sufficient money for school themselves and not be dependent from their parents.  I also agree because it will teach them discipline and order and sometimes courtesy between interacting with other people and teach them the values of life, the way how things go, and learn to handle things by themselves, yeah.
In college, you need to do things that needs your full attention and a lot of time to do things that are needed to be done, especially because your grades and your future depends on what you achieve in college and having a part-time job isn't really a good idea if you want to achieve high grades, high remarks in your college life is you really need to [***] for your degree and also for your job applications after college, because it's your future, you really need to do your best for this particular setting, and after college, you could go...
I would have to disagree that part-time jobs should be done or should be required by college students, because college is for studying, not for working.  They would have plenty of time to work when they are a graduate, because part-time job can really cause a distraction especially to the academics of a student.  If a student would receive low academics, he would receive low grades, which would impact his future greatly because low grades cannot really grab you a job that you want, and sometimes even your dream job would be affected.  A part-time job is good if you don't have the monetary means, but here in De La Salle University where you likely have task based, a part-time job would be considered suicide because there is just no time, and with the limited time we have, it can actually be a hindrance into getting inside the dean's list honors or even graduating on time, because...
I think that part-time jobs can be very important to a person, because it makes them more independent in the future.  It allows them to experience having a job in an early age, so that after college life they know how to pay taxes or how to handle budgets and to limit their expenditure.  Since there are lots of requirements for college such as textbooks or any sort of materials, also that experience can be an advantage when a person is applying for job after college.
Part-time jobs are great opportunities for students to learn more before their actual work on the world.  It helps them prepare not only for their job, also for their life after they graduate when they don't have to study, but you still need to work every day, so it really helps a lot on people to help practice and discipline like going to work every day and at the same time managing your time to study.  It helps them manage a lot and give them the opportunity...
Really I agree on having a part-time job as a college student especially if you have financial problems and encountering financial problems.  I know that this is a hassle to have a part-time job and balance your education, but I think it's quite a bit of training in the near future because you will have a job in the future and you might want to study for your master's degree or something, so it's a training for you to handle and cope up with the different problems and tasks that are bestowed upon you, so if you have a part-time job, it will help you to have more financial help and it will also help you to gain new experiences as a person so that you learn how to live your life more and you will learn how to balance your life well, so it will help you become more of a person and gain new experiences, and having a part-time job will help...
I do agree that college students then should have a part-time job so that they will have the experience to when they are already entering the job that they are wanted to pursue.  Also it will help them in cooperating with others and also they would have a copy of the resume when they are submitting it to the company that they desire, and also it will be a training for them.  They would be trained to the job they want to go to and also it will improve their communication skills, their cooperation, and their vocabulary as well.
For me, I am 50% agree and 50% not agree, because both sides have its advantages and disadvantages.  When you pick agree because when college student having a part-time job, they can help their financial support of their family, while the disadvantages is they will not be focusing on their studies, but if not, it's also advantages and disadvantages, because they can now more focus on their studies, but the disadvantage is they cannot have more money to spend during their college and they will focus on their studies, so I am 50% agree and 50% not agree with the college student taking part-time jobs and they will having a hard time to their study, but if they are not, they will not be having a hard time.
Firstly, I believe that college students who have part-time jobs will have an advantage on their future if they graduate.  College students who already have experience having jobs have advantages in the future, because they are already experienced than college students who haven't had their jobs yet.  Secondly, college students who have jobs have a very big advantage on being hired in big companies than college students who haven't been experienced, and mostly I've been hearing stuffs that people who are...
Well, I firmly believe that the student can study well having a part-time job.  I think these days students are being practical.  I believe that the reason of the students to have a part-time job is not only to earn money but also to earn experiences.  Experience will definitely help them to learn more.  In this way, the students will be able to learn more values.  These values would mould them to become a better person.  This would become a good start for them in the future.  Learning will become simultaneous till we make them use to it in everything that they have already experienced.  It would assure that they are doing well.  It is also like a training for them.  They would benefit a lot from having a part-time job.  It is good to think that they can apply....
Part-time job is good for the college students.  They will have more income and extra money for their allowance, and they can help their parents to support their family's financial status.  By doing the part-time job, students will gain more experience for their future career.  They will be more professional when they graduate from the college.  College students schedules usually have many free time, so they can get a day part-time job, but night part-time job is not good for college, because students should study at night and they should not work too much.  They should have sufficient rest time for them to have high grades in their academic performances.  Part-time job is good if the student himself knows how to budget his....
I believe that having a job in college is better than having college itself because part-time jobs are the actual output of what you are taking up in your college in your course.  TO able to use the knowledge that you have gained in your course during your college, you will be gaining additional knowledge in partaking a part-time job.  Then part-time jobs are very important for college students because it can really help them in their...
As I said, college students with part-time jobs are better as they gain experience and people say that learning comes from experience, and their contacts will multiply and having a lot of people that you know, you will gain business relationships with them and most probably you will be more successful in business after college.  These part-time jobs will surely help college students since they will gain a lot of experience and they will gain a lot of friends and they will be able to dwell more with people.  They will experience different kinds of people already during college and...
College students shouldn't have jobs in college because it is important for them to focus on their studies.  If they have a job in college, they will have many distractions and it will cause them to be unfocused in what they have to do in school.  If they are unfocused in what they have to do in school, they will not succeed in college and it might affect him and his future, and it will even further delay his dream of graduating in order to get a better job.  What college students can do is to may be get a job at summer or during breaks when he has free time so that there is nothing he has to worry about aside from the job.  If he takes a job while he is in college, he will be very distracted and he will do two things at once...
If a foreign language major student take a part-time job in a foreign company, his listening and speaking skills of that language will be improved and he can have a more accurate command of the language.  Instead of having negative effects on college students' academic studies, part-time jobs can promote students' studies in various ways.  Last but not least, part-time job can help college students to be aware of practicality skills.  They will be able to deal with daily matters by doing part-time job.  They may learn how to properly talk to others, satisfy customers' needs, or help in settle disputes.  They can also learn time management skills.  According to university learning centre, time management is an important skill for student to learn to help them succeed in college.  If students begin learning to manage time schedule in high school, they should...
It depends on the person whether or not they should get a part-time job.  If they are having problems paying for their education, then maybe they should get a part-time job, but in my opinion a student should not be working after class because of the amount of work that they get every day for school.  I think they would have a hard time to accomplish everything that they have to do if they have a part-time job to worry about.  Also working late hours maybe in the night or like in the weekends will make them tired and not be able to accomplish everything that they have to do for school.  I think it is much better to focus more on your studies because it will equip you for the future, but if the person really needs a part-time job to be able to pay for his studies, then maybe if they have the ability to balance school and their job, then maybe they should...
I do not really agree with the idea of college students working part-time jobs, because first of all it can affect their studies and academics.  The stress that they will be getting from working part-times can really affect their performance inside their university.  Their studies would be greatly affected basically because working part-time could possibly limit the amount of time the student needs to study his or her lessons.  Part-time jobs I think are not really necessary for the students who can afford to pay their tuition fees, but for those who are having a hard time financially.  Part-time jobs, for the students, I think should be fairly limited only couple of reasonable hours for them to balance their studies and academics so, that their performance in the university will not be greatly affected.
As I said only if absolutely necessary.  Some students can balance a work load and a school load together.  Some students may be able to but not all.  School is a lot of hard work on its own, and should consume most of one's time.  The only reason students should work while in school is if they have to.  We all know college isn't going to be college without some fun time with peers, so time with peers will most likely take precedence over school, for students, when they also have to go to work on top of it.  But I don't see anything wrong with having college students work, it helps them get extra money that they will get for books and various expenses.  They could also help pay any tuition cost that they may have.  I know many college students that have to work, and still manage to get good grades in class, but yeah, they don't get...
I agree with students having part time jobs in college because if a student can handle and manage both, his or her studies and work at the same time, then I think, there is no problem with that.  Who doesn't want a few extra cash?  There are some students who really need extra cash just to make ends meet.  Most especially those who work in order for them to study or at least lessen the payment for their tuition fees, not to mention part time jobs may provide students with on hand experiences on life outside the parameters of their comfort zone, giving them the sense of independence, involving budget, time, and work management.  However, there is really that these students may not be able to handle the pressure of doing both.  They might sacrifice attending some of their classes.  They might be unable to complete their homework and projects and they might also sacrifice their social life to adjust and manage their time at work and college responsibilities, so I agree with students having part time in college if it means...
So, as I said earlier, I am pro-part time job so as long as students or college students know – really know how to balance their studies and other commitments in life.  So, as long as they know their priorities in life, which is studying.  Also, this for me is a very good thing because we will know how to be independent, and because also, as we all know, many parents nowadays, they cannot afford to send their children to school, because of poverty, so this is an opportunity for the youth to help them achieve their dreams or aspirations in life, so by the time they graduate, it already is a very big thing for it may help them elevate their way of living, you know, better jobs so this also for me...
There are two sides regarding this problem, the positive and the negative.  The positive side is that they will be able to enhance and practice their capability so as to prepare them for their future jobs.  This will practice them to be – to be – to be more responsible for themselves.  This would really make them more independent people and use their own earnings to be able to survive or to suffice their own needs.  However, labor [***] also requires them to spend more time working rather than studying, which would then lead to them not being able to study and later on not being able to suffice their needs at all.  But then again it would depend on the person.  If he or she thinks that he has the capability or capacity to do this task the same time, then there would be no problem at all.  But I think, teenagers should not – should not be required to have part time jobs and they are teenagers and they should be focusing...
I think that it is fine for students to work even if they are still in college, and I agree with that, as long as they are able to balance their time and as well as managing their time properly.  They should also keep a good mark in their academic, and they should prioritize first their studies.  College students who are working are granted a head start on the real world, so through this, they can already experience what it feels like to be working and they already know and they are learning the things that they need in order to succeed in their lives.  They learn the importance of being independent at an early age by making their...
I actually disagree that college – it is important for college students to have a work.  I think students in college who work are very admirable for their diligence and perseverance.  They work so hard just to be able to have their college degrees.  However, I feel like, it is not really a very ideal thing to do because unfortunately, sometimes work can get in the way of their studies, and this is definitely not a good thing because I believe that studies should be the first priority of students, you know.  But  I do understand the reasons behind all this.  Some college students work because they may not have enough resources coming from their family members to supplement for their schooling, or they probably just want to be independent, and actually, that's okay.  I guess there should just be a program for students like these so they won't have to let work distract from their academic performance.
They need more – they need part time jobs to help prepare them for the future, as I said earlier, because if they have part time job, they will be able to adjust more easily, and having part time jobs ensures that we are capable of living independently, as I said also before.  College students should learn how to balance their social life, their academic life, and you know, this life, where – where they will try to adjust into adulthood.  So, I guess, having part time jobs is one of the final steps into becoming an adult and having a job.  Part time jobs will help us become more independent and more sure of what we're going to do with our lives, and college students should not just...
I think that college students can get part time jobs, although in some cases, they also can – the – I also think they should not because, for example, if they need funds for their education, they should get part time job so that there is more money to be able – to be – to pay for their tuition fees.  Although, if they cannot balance their studies with the jobs, then I suggest that students should not get the part time jobs because it will only cause a distraction and less time for students to study their lessons, instead of – just focusing so I think that it is – I have a relative point of view on whether college students should get part time jobs.  So, if the student is able to balance their studies, to their studies then yes, she or he should get part time jobs or if she cannot, or he cannot, then it's – I'd rather him or her study first and job later.
Students will have hard time focusing on his or her studies when she is working, especially when she has – she or he has – has a test, because it will consume more time and if every student is on his or her full time job, it will consume his or her time more and decide where the student also is on – in need of cash – cash.  She or he will also work hard for it, so it will give her hard time focusing on his or her studies.  And – and when he or she work on his or her duty, it will also give her hard time since – on her – or his on job training or while...
I would like to convince my friend to enter into a – a part time job because being in a part time job, when even when you're still student, it can help you with so many things.  You get to experience – you get to experience things that you cannot experience by just like learning in school, and having a part time job makes you do first – first things on hand.  You're going to explore new things because you do it yourself, you get – you get to be involved in something and not just study things, like, during school.  With a part time job, you are doing it action – doing it by action, so you can experience how the outside world really works, which is not beyond the boundary, so you can...
Having a part time job when you are a college student is hard thing to do but, I think, it will benefit the people who have part time jobs to learn the things that they wouldn't learn when they don't have the part time job.  Examples would be knowing how to treasure money more, to be more responsible, independent, and to be more open about the world, of how reality was set in eventually when you graduate so that you don't need – you wouldn't be go to the shock or be stressed about the changes from being a graduate student to worker after you graduate.  And I think this would be a really good practicum or – or experience that...
In my opinion, I would disagree because, you know, students in colleges nowadays have far more difficult time schedules for them to be able to think in a part time job and I don't think that it's important for them to take this while during college because – well, as college students, we are still learning and studying for us to be able to know, and how to be able to take up our particular jobs.  So, basically we – we could, I know, we could just take up our job after we graduate in college and yeah...
I believe that having part time jobs during your stay in college is very, very important because, first of all, this can very much improve their business life.  They will be able to train their minds in order to sell, market or advertise or any business – business things in order to prepare them for the business life or help them prepare for the upcoming challenges that awaits them.  They – it is – it is very important for them because – also because this will also help them enhance their social life.  They – they will get to meet new friends, new people and that will help them.
