As a college student, I think that one doesn't have to simply be exposed to a working environment until they have gained their full potential and being part of the business population.  Since they don't have that training or even an introduction as to how they can work efficiently in the area, they should be focusing more on developing and discovering or even improve some skills they have to a professional level.  One should simply be able to have an idea as to how they should play the game knowing their weak points, their strengths, and those who they will be dealing with.  They should have a mindset of a professional before they are sent out to a new and complicated environment.  I think that putting their focus on college first would give them the chance to adapt and adjust.  This is also a chance for them to aid themselves in knowing what they should have and what they should do and not to do in the business world.  A part-time job for students can be applied when they have...
I agree that college students must have a part-time job.  It would teach them how to manage their time that they have and it would teach them to be more responsible.  I also think that it would be nice that as college students we got to help our parents in the funds and the costing of our daily lives.  I also think that it will be a good experience and it will be a factor in the future when we are really looking for better jobs now right after college.  I think that it will also teach us how to adjust to different personalities in the world.  In my opinion, in my experiences, there are really different people out there that we have to...
I believe having a part-time job depends on the person.  It depends on their financial status.  If having a part-time job helps them financially, then I would recommend having a part-time job, but if you do not need a part-time job, then I believe that one should just focus on his or her study, so that he may benefit from this in the future when he applies and to any business or anywhere that he would like.  Personally, I do not have a part-time job because I can afford my tuition fee.
In my opinion that college students shouldn't have a part-time job, because students should focus more on their course, because, for example, they focus half of it on their studies and half of it on their job, I mean, how could they have a brighter future.  You have to be really fully equipped just to have a good job.  People would want to have you.  Companies would die to have you.  Part-time job, it's taking away your time to study instead of studying.  Parents could provide you money.  I mean, parents could give pay your tuition fees.  I know they are trying their best to provide you the best knowledge, the best school so that...
I think that it really depends on the student.  The company that he or she will be applying must know if the employee or the future worker have enough skills to take the jobs, and I know that in some aspects some companies wanted to have the students who graduated in a well known school like us, XXX University, UP Diliman, and other schools like Ateneo de Manila, and I think that it clearly depends on the skills of the student because the company wanted to...
Yes, I agree that college students can have part-time job because I myself have a job.  It is not easy, but it is worth it because you have to do it.  But you have to manage your time well because it is hard to put studies and work together.  The part-time job that you choose should also benefit your course, so that you can have a practice for the real world.
I disagree that college students should have a job during their college life because it is not about being able to work while you are in college because college is about studying.  You are not supposed to work and study at the same time.  College takes up a lot of time and responsibilities, and with those responsibilities, you can't fit in your job.  If you are a scholar, maybe you could, but maybe it is because you have financial problems but if you don't, it is not.  You are not supposed to have and it's optional.  If people want to have a job while they are in college, it is okay, it is their choice.  It is just about money.  College takes a lot of financial needs and most of all studying.  Your time and money is supposed to be focused more on college, not your job because you are in college to study for your future job, not...
This will make them draw in their selves in their attitudes to make them a better person to be – a person that with great honor to serve and do something and having an experience will make them achieve their goals in a better way rather than not having none and will make them a better person not only in their jobs but in their lives too.  This shows how they will commit on something and achieve it with.
I won't agree that people – that it's really important for college students to have a part-time job while they are studying because first of all the standards nowadays is really high – the standards nowadays is really high.  So I think that student should focus on studies more instead of having a part-time job because college students they – they need rest so that they can perform best in during class hours and of course we both know – we know that having a part-time job has disadvantages and advantages like, for example, you get experience outside the classroom but having a part-time job is hard for students because what we study nowadays different from the – from the past generation.  Everything is now – everything is now...
For me, I agree because a student then with a part-time job becomes more responsible and mature with his – with his actions and thoughts when it comes to decisions that can risk his – that can risk his life or his actions basically and with the part –with his part-time job, he applies what he was taught up in school or what he has learnt in school, not through – not through objective learning but through his – but through his – but through what he understands of it.  He also then becomes prepared for the life he will have after graduating.
I agree because some parents can't afford to take their child to universities like the [***] University because the situation is high and some students like to have that kind of universities so that they can make any fees like P&G and Unilever that really give a high salary and another thing is that lots of people right now want to...
But I dis – I agree with the part-time jobs especially on campus part-time jobs.  Part-time students employment may have beneficial effects, for example, a non-campus research position may spark student interest in any further academic programs or provide important work experience that will improve future labor market prospects.  Working part-time jobs on students are generally build to supplement only nonproductive activity such as watching television.  In addition, students who work fewer than 10 hours per week have a slightly higher, 10 GPA – higher GPA than other similar students.  GPAs are the grades they called in for getting Latin honors such as cum laude – summa cum laude and magna cum laude and there are also some disadvantages of part-time...
Going back to what I said, I think that disagreeing with idea of having part-time jobs as a college student is an idea that would not only benefit me as a student, but as I grow to be the person who will be helping in the rise of my country's economic standing.  Being able to [***] something makes it a lot easier for someone to acquire enough learning and have enough time to put into practice as they improve it.  I think that introductions are important before entering the business world, because this will help you to do better and to keep up with the pace.  College as a preparation is an important step before opening the doors in the corporate world, because this is a road that will help you in attaining success.  It is somehow a baby stage of walking, so that after a few practices, you are able to run and do things at a much faster pace.  If one doesn't know how to use their skills in a particular task, how can they be able to work as effectively and as efficiently.  Studying would also boost their confidence and help them..
My opinion on college students having part-time job is really on the positive side, because I think if college students have a lot of activities to do, it will teach them how to manage their time, and it will teach them to be more responsible.  I also think that idleness is one bad thing and having a part-time will remove the idleness in most college student.  I also think that it will be a good experience for them, since they will be handling different personalities in their jobs and in the schools, and I think this will be a good training for their future.  I also think it will be good for the parents that college students will be able to earn money for themselves so that the parents won't have to pay or to store most of the expenses.  I also think that this will...
Personally, I am a person who does not have a part-time job, because in my opinion, I don't need it, and I think it is best for my studies that I remain jobless for now, because my priorities are my studies.  Also, my parents recommend me not to take part-time job, because they would want me to have focus on my education, because for them education is one thing that a person should inherit, and it's one thing that a person should have because in the future, it's the only thing that we can use, it's the only thing that can drive us to the goal that we attempt to have.  My other siblings, they didn't get part-time jobs...
...student it is mandatory for us to be fully equipped, especially in our country right now businesses are shutting down, so we have to be more equipped because without our knowledge right now, how could we be competitive in the future, so it is really important for us to just focus on our studies instead of having a part-time job because part-time could just take our time away from studying, and in our world right now, everything is changing.  People are in need of job and if you don't study that well, you would be just the same like the others, so what is the point of working.  Working is for the future.  You have to study right now for you to be prepared for the competitive world as you graduate.  In my opinion also that college student are support...
I really agree that college students must have a job while studying because it looks like a part-time job to them, and it will enhance their skills more because while studying they will also be working with regards to their subjects that they are taking, so I think that it will definitely benefit them towards their educational and also social, mentally, and their knowledge will be higher rather than studying only in school because it will...
I believe that college students can have a part-time job because it can benefit them not only in their work experience, but also to manage their time wisely and to provide for themselves so that they won't depend on their parents anymore.  It's a good practice for when they graduate.  If their job is really related to their course, they can have practice for that.  It's going to be easier for them to cope if they have a part-time job during college, and it will benefit their parents....
College life is about studying for your future.  Your future is about getting a job that's why you are in college.  When you are in college, you are supposed to study, you are not supposed to work.  Work in college is about studying.  It's not about earning money.  It is for you to gain knowledge.  Having a job while you are in college is optional because some people would want to have a job while they are in college, but for me it is not.  It is just about money and your time in college.  If you lack financial needs, then probably you could get a job, but if you don't, you don't have to.  Here in the Philippines having a job while you are in college is not that important because we still don't have the K to 12 implemented in our educational system and you don't have to have a job because it is not that important for you to get a job while you are in college because you are in college, you are supposed to....
I agree because this will make a person better if they have different jobs to the first time experience that will make them – have the – their attitudes improve, their skills, their talent, everything that makes them to what they do will improve also in their life.  It will make them better as a person, where they will show commitment in life, where they will value their jobs or they will value life as it is, many will improve.  They will learn a lot of things while having this job.  It is not just about earning money but also this about living your life and serving your purpose what really God meant you to do in this life and not giving up on challenges, taking risk in life even the...
I disagree on the idea that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  We know that it has advantages and disadvantages, but we should focus more on the welfare of the student rather than what it can provide for the future because what it can provide for the future can be done in the classroom and what a student can do inside the classroom can be boosted up by being well rested and being prepared for the incoming day and that is by not having a part-time job which is, you know, a student can focus more on her – on her – on his or her studies, so we should really not push ourselves to something because we have our parents see that for us and then what we can do to make our parents proud is to study well and be an achiever, yes.
For me, I agree because the student becomes more responsible and mature.  He also applies what he was taught up in school in terms of understanding what he has learned of and not just applying objective learning he has learned in school, so he also becomes more prepared for the life – for the life he will have after graduating in terms of being more aggressive and determined with the decisions and actions he will make in the near future.  He will also probably be more responsible in terms of his – in terms of being a good worker and being productive in time.
Being in college is hard.  There are lots of hurdles that you face and sometimes people tend to take summer class for them to finish their studies earlier than – than the other – most people like to have the course they like but some parents don't afford to take the child to that course because the tuition fee of that certain course that most of the student want is a bit high.
Part-time student employment may be beneficial, for example, an on-campus research position may spark student's interests in further academic programs or provide important work experience that will improve future labor market prospects.  Working part-time as a student generally appears to supplement only nonproductive activities such as watching television.  In addition, students who work fewer than 10 hours per week have slightly higher GPH than other similar students.  However, full-time employment may impair student's performance; this may lead to stress and others
