I agree that smoking should be banned inside the restaurant.  I mean it's okay if people smoked outside.  However, smoking inside can be considered rude and inconsiderate because what if there are non-smokers inside, let's say, families with children.  Of course, these people would not like it because they will also inhale the smoke.  And if I was the manager, of course, I wouldn't want people not eating in my restaurant just because I allow few people to smoke inside.  And also, there is a possibility that ashes would eventually go to the food of the other customers, and that would ruin their food making the service of my restaurant bad.  If my restaurant is a closed one, smoking inside would cause the smoke to remain inside the restaurant causing second hand smoke to other people who comes into my restaurant.  So, smoking should be banned because not everyone benefits from smoking, and it is unhealthy for other people to involuntary inhale smoke from those who are smoking, so it should...
Yeah so, I am against this issue, even though yeah, I myself do smoke, so but occasionally, not on a daily basis.  So I am against this issue because, as we all know, smoking is really, really bad for our health, especially to the children who inhale the second hand smoke.  For – and for this kind of environment, for them, for people, for us to live, or eat in, particularly in a congested area or restaurant where there are little amount or no windows at all where the smoke can run off, it's surely not healthy.  It may cause us to have illnesses like cough and worse lung cancer.  Likewise, restaurants are really a place built for families to eat in and not to smoke in, that demoralizes the true purpose of restaurants, so yeah, we should always be sensitive of what implications our actions can do to...
Also, like what I have said, nowadays people smoke wherever they want, even in restaurants, and this habit, this causes great problems among restaurant owners, as their customers, their nonsmoking customers are greatly burdened by the smoke that they inhale which comes from the cigarette smoke – cigarette smoke.  And also, the smoke coming from the cigarette can greatly affect the health of those who inhale the smoke, which can also be referred to as secondhand smoke, or smoking which is a very – which is very much dangerous for other people, and so people should smoke in the – in the designated area so as not to disturb or burden nonsmokers.  And so, I agree to the – to ban – to completely ban smoking inside restaurants so as to not burden other people who – who – who do not appreciate or who do...
It really depends on the place of the restaurant but for now, I am going to say that I disagree with this issue.  Smoking, as most of us may know, is highly hazardous to our health.  A restaurant is an example of a public place where a lot of people go, and they are there to have fun, to eat and to feel relaxed.  Among these people are a few who are already have complications with their health especially with their lungs.  Research shows that it is more risky to inhale smoke than you did not directly smoke, for it offers a higher risk of respiratory diseases.  If people would continue to smoke on public places like restaurants, they are not only harming themselves but other people as well.  But if restaurants would provide a particular space for people who would like to smoke, then I guess it would be good so that they'll have their own space where they can...
I feel like smoking should totally not be allowed in restaurant.  I mean, I am not a fan of smoking because it's a very hazardous thing.  It increases the risk of pollution, global warming and diseases in people.  When this is done on public spaces like restaurant, it does not only harm the health of the smoker himself, but it also puts the health of the other people around him in danger, especially the kids.  I have heard that secondhand smoking is actually more dangerous than doing it firsthand.  And I feel like banning, it would actually lower the rates of diseases that people get.  Moreover, smoking is not really appropriate around people eating.  Smelling the smoke from cigarettes is very unappetizing and this may affect the mood of the customers towards the food that they're eating, which would then affect the sales of the restaurant.  Well, actually, I've been in restaurants which allow smoking...
Yes, as I said before, smoking should be banned for students and the adults as well, but especially in the restaurants, because if you're in the restaurant, you have to be mindful of all the other people in that area, within that vicinity.  What if there are nonsmokers there, what if there are people who – who are – who have cancer and cannot be exposed to the smoke.  We should be considerate of others and also because it's proper, like restaurant where they get to – to not smoke.  It should be banned in restaurants so, all the – all types of the people go to restaurants to eat like, families and government people and what you call this, and religious people, and like babies and young people, so that we should always be aware of what we're doing and we should always...
I think that smoking should be banned in all restaurants because in restaurants, there are many types of people and in smoking, you can harm yourself and other people through secondhand smoking, so it would be best if a person keeps his or her smoking habits to him or – to their selves – to themselves, and not show it to public – to those in the public.  Also, in the public, in the restaurants, there are children and children might be influenced to take up smoking once they see that it's okay for most of us.  So, also, it would ruin the ambience of a restaurant.  They are eating and they – suddenly they smell this burning – burning scent from a cigarette, and it really would ruin the restaurant experience, their dining experience, their time with their family upon smelling that certain smell – that certain scent.  Also, in restaurants, it – it is mostly time for talking with your family and...
Smoking in restaurants should be banned since it's not a good thing to do while people are eating, since it distracts people and gives people hard time breathing while eating.  It – it also – for me it, I know, as many people smoke at the restaurant so – so for me, smoking in the restaurant should be banned and – and it's a bad habit smoke in the – in restaurants – or we can – while people are eating.  It's not a good – it's not a good thing to do, so for me, it should be banned – smoking in the restaurant should be banned.  And the – the air will be polluted while we are eating, so that's all.
People shouldn't be smoking in the restaurant because first of all, there are many people who are eating, so if the user would smoke, he should, you know, step outside the restaurant like outside the doors because it can disturb the persons or the people who are eating.  When they will – when they are eating their food, they might taste the awful scent of the smoke, so it would be disturbing for them.  And besides secondhand smoking is dangerous, it's mostly dangerous, so there should be a ban in smoking inside the restaurant, because it – it will – it will definitely disturb the customers that are eating their meals, enjoying their meals with their loved ones.
I believe that smoking in restaurants without a smoking area should be banned, because, smoking around the people who don't smoke is a pretty rude thing because people around you will get that secondhand smoke which is more dangerous than the firsthand smoke.  So, I think, it would be better if people will just ban it or create some sort of smoking area where all smokers can stay together and do what they want to do.  But I don't believe that smoking doesn't really make you – doesn't make you a bad person or – or makes you a good person either.  And it's the choice you make – so it's a choice people make so don't mind their lives.  And I think smoking is pretty dangerous but, yeah, it's just that the choice people...
Yes, I would definitely agree for that, because a lot of people in the restaurants don't smoke and are very health conscious, so basically, they want themselves to be far from any smoking areas.  So, I would say that, they should do that so that many innocent people will not be affected or will get any sickness because even secondhand smokers are the ones who get sick instead of those who are really smokers.  So, yeah, for that I would definitely agree that they would ban all smokers.
I really think that restaurant – the restaurant should ban smoking from – within the restaurant, first of all, because smoking is really, really bad for our health.  In every smoking commercial, the government always warn us that too much smoking is dangerous for our health.  In this case, the restaurant – the customers in the restaurants who do not smoke, do not wish to be affected by this smokers.  Secondhand smoke is more deadly than first – for the firsthand smoke so while – while eating, the customers do not want to be disturbed because of these smokers.  That's why smoking should be banned from restaurants, and if not, restaurants should put up a smoking area.
Yes, I really believe that smoking should be banned in – in public places like restaurants, because we all know that smoking is bad for our health, but we also know that secondhand smoking is more dangerous for everyone's health like imagine that you are eating a good food in a good restaurant then you inhale some smoke from the smoker that – that's eating there in the restaurant too, and then you will feel bad about the food you are eating and you will lose your appetite because of the smoke you inhale.  Plus we all know that people who smoke are more likely to develop diseases such as lung cancer and liver cirrhosis, plus other heart-related sickness.  If smoking was banned, the diseases I mentioned before could possibly lower just like it did in the places...
I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants because restaurant is a public place.  When you smoke, you're just not – you're not just affecting you, you're affecting the people around you, because secondhand smoke is as dangerous as smoking itself.  And if you're smoking, other people can be affected, and you will have risk – you'll be at risk of illness such as lung cancer, coughing or other diseases involving smoking and the government will be paying their health insurance, the health insurance of other people.  If you're not smoking, you can just – you can benefit from it, and you can have better health from it, and the people around you will benefit from it, and they wouldn't suffer that they would if they're – if you're smoking around them.  And I think it should be banned in restaurants and in all public places, because public places is for people to enjoy themselves.
Smoking should be banned in the restaurant, because according to the study, we all know that smoking is really bad for our health, then if it is allowed in the restaurant to do smoking, of course, then the people that are inside, it will get affected, and as far as I know, secondhand smoking is more dangerous than the one who is smoking.  I'm really against in it, so even when you smoke at the streets, I don't want it.  I want it to be totally banned in all countries, because, why you invent smoke – why invent cigarette when you know it's bad for your health.  Yeah, I know, they say, it's get – it is very addicting but, you know, try to control your health, so no people will die early, like, die  at – at the young age.
I believe that smoking should totally be prohibited and be banned everywhere, because one thing, firstly, it's not even healthy for the smokers and for the people that surround them, because there's such thing as firsthand, secondhand, and third hand smokers, wherein the secondhand smokers are the more in danger – are more in danger rather than the firsthand smokers.  And secondly, it's not even healthy for our environment, the smoke that it produces will just destroy our ozone layers, and will just ruin our mother nature.  And it's also an irritating smell and something that should really be banned, because I believe that it just won't lead – it just would lead to...
I don't think that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in a – in a certain place.  Just because some of their customers decided to smoke at their area and – and it is not right to ban them just because they are smoking in your restaurant.  I think it is best for restaurants to set up a smoking place wherein it wouldn't be – wherein they will then disturb other customers and they wouldn't cause a lot of problems to customers.  I think that they should not ban the – the smoking in the restaurant because some people decided to smoke at their area and it would be a – a sign of disrespect to them if you just – if you will let them out of your restaurant just because they are smoking.  They don't really do something bad unless they smoke into – directly into a person's – into a person...
I agree in the statement that smoking should be banned.  Smoking really should be banned everywhere because smoking has so many bad effects for – for all – for all people.  The one – the one taking the – the cigarette and smoking has – will have bad – will have bad effect for his or her lungs, and then the one – the ones who are inhaling the smoke that the person has exhaled will also die sooner and make – and have bad effects also for his or her body.  So it also sometimes can be an addiction, so it should be stopped.
In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants because restaurants are public places and therefore not everyone likes the idea of smoking.  Smoking does not only give negative effects to the smokers but then it also gives effects to nonsmokers.  This is because of the secondhand smoke from the cigarette.  So, if you are smoking, you should be able to smoke in a place wherein you're with smokers, not with other people, who doesn't like smoking.  For example, in restaurants, some – not everyone inside the restaurant are adults.  Some of them are children and if you would smoke in front of a child, I think, it is not – it is not morally...
Completely agree with the statement that smoking should be banned because of three reasons: first is the smoker, second is for the non-smokers, and third is for the environment.　The heart of the smokers here are at stake and the each role of the citizen is very important for the progress and development of our country.  And that with that we should all take care not only of our health and condition, but also the condition of the smokers.  Second is for the non-smokers; even if they are not smoking, their – their heart is at stake here because they can inhale the smoke that the smokers are releasing.  They could be carrying diseases – contagious diseases and not only the non-smokers would get the disease from the cigarette, but also the disease of the smokers.  And third is for the environment; air pollution is going out of hand right now and I am really sure that – and I am pretty sure that cigarettes are a big factor.
Okay, I just don't get the sense of why people have to smoke.  People say really – really stressed.  People say it's – it's cool but it's not.  And it's just making them addicted [***] and they just killing themselves [***].  I know it's a [***] to you but it's not doing anything good, then why continuing it.  So, I guess that smoking should be banned and yeah, if its – if people can't have – there – there should be a punishment for it so people would actually stop smoking and just – just end to have it, when you get.  It's not too healthy.  It's not good if we continue, just destroying ourselves, secondhand smokers and the environment.
Smoking should be totally banned anywhere or – or just any – anywhere, even in restaurants or any – in any public place, because anyone could be affected by this and – and in every cigarette box, there is already written a government warn – warning, smoking is bad for their health.  And so why would you chose to do something bad if it could really affect and give a bad effect on your – on your body and other people too.  So I have a friend who does this and – and I do my best to – to stop her because it could lead to a bad future, and yes in – if in restaurants smoking...
As I said, smoking should be banned in our country because smoking really kills people, and it is said in the statistics in news that smoking is really bad for our health.  It's the government actually saying that smoking is bad for our health.  It kills people.  I don't really understand why they shall smoke, they shall cigarettes if they know that it's bad.  I know some people are smokers, but they should also understand why – why are they – why the government or the people are banning cigarettes in the country.  Yes, we all understand that smoking is bad, so we should all cooperate and we should all need do our best in order to make our country peaceful, and we can all live in a clean, peaceful, and safe and...
Smoking should be banned in the whole world.  This is not only because of health issues, because in the news we can see that smoking should be banned because it's dangerous to our health.  I know that smoking is dangerous to our health, but you can't deny the fact that the cigarette itself can contribute to pollution, I mean, to the garbage in the country.  We have a research in this cigarette butt that it be decomposed after long years, maybe 15 years or something like that, or even more, and we know that almost three pounds of cigarette butts are produced every day.  It must be decreased, so smoking must be banned, and also for us to be healthy, it should be avoided, especially for the kids that can adopt that smoking habits from their parents and even mothers who have their child in their wombs, they should not smoke.  It will be harmful for children.
I am living in a safe environment.  Because you want to smoke, we are all paying the consequences.  I am living with the secondhand smoke and have the same likelihood of obtaining the diseases just as a smoker would do.  If these cancer sticks only harm those who chose to buy this suicide enhancer, then I would have looked the other way, but this isn't true.  Because other people smoke cigarettes, people are getting ill and even dying.  More than 200,000 children actually from 11 to 15 years old start smoking illegally.  It causes suffering and death, so why keep it around.  Brings nothing but eternal destruction.  Soon the future generation would be consumed by them.  Who wants to put our young to the path of death, anyone?  I didn't think so.  Government passes numerous laws to protect its citizens, yet one perfectly legal product manages to seize over for...
Yes, I think smoking should be banned, because it's very bad for the health and it causes more people to have bad health.  I think it's very, very okay to ban, because it's not really important in our lives to smoke.  It makes us very, very unhealthful anymore.  Because of the smoke and all of its properties, it can damage one's body with it.  Of course, all of these men and women who smoke, they shouldn't have smoked when children all around, because the children will be very, very affected, especially in the restaurants, parks, in the environment, and especially when everyone and anybody can walk past them, it's very, very bad, and I think it should be banned, especially all over the world, because it really is not important for anyone of us to...
Should smoking be completely banned in restaurants?  Wow, that is a tough question.  Smoking should not be banned in restaurants in my honest opinion.  We are people that need smoking as medication.  I believe that smoking area should be just far from the regular dining area in which a nonsmoker would usually sit.  Like, for example, there are various dining places here that offer al fresco dining would be a good practice.  Some people have problems in digesting foods and salivating, thus having the need for smoking.  Another consideration is placing a small utility room inside the area in which one can practice smoking.  This is the place in which one can either enter and do its thing without affecting others.  Of course, this place would be good if it had good ventilation in order to avoid suffocating the person inside the venue.  Of course, in my opinion, I clearly state that smoking should not be banned in restaurants.  Smoking should not be banned in restaurant...
I really believe smoking should be banned in all restaurants, because aside from the bad effects caused by smoking, if a restaurant promote smoking in their restaurants, then it promotes a bad health condition for the people, and aside from smoking, secondhand smoking is the most cause of lung diseases in the world, and if a restaurant has smoking, then the people who are eating in that area will be most likely be prone to secondhand smoking and lung diseases.  Also the smoke that comes out from smoking...
I do agree with smoking should be banned in the restaurants, not only the smoker himself or herself does get affected, but also the people around him or her also that can inhale or breath in the smoke.  Smoking has lots of bad effects in one's health, so I think it should be prevented and if ever possible, it should be stopped.  Smoking would give you a higher risk of possibility of dying early, because of its effect to oneself.  A lot of people who smoke are being diagnosed with lung cancer, stroke, coronary heart disease and many more.  Meanwhile, nonsmokers who breathe in secondhand smoke take in nicotine and toxic chemicals just like the smokers too.  So, they are also given the...
Well, some people wonder if it's a good thing to smoke while you are outside; for me, it's not because it's kind of like you are adding toxins to the air.  Our air right now it's already full of toxins, and you're just adding more problems to it.  Even though some people are not directly smoking, they are still affected, so just imagine first-hand smokers, what their condition is right now.  It's also a good thing to...
I do agree that they should ban smoking in restaurants because first of all smoking is really bad for people, especially for the ones inhaling the smoke.  They say that secondhand smoking is more worse than the ones who are the smokers, because they inhale the smoke, they would be more prone to cancer and stuff, and also because smoking is really not good for people and that's what I don't get because I don't get why people would use this small killing thing and put it in their mouth and have the power to kill them and they would still do it, because smoking is like an act of killing yourself already.  It's like you enjoy it, but then it's bad for you, and if they would ban...
Smoking is very vice that is popular or being used around the world, so I would disagree on completely banning smoking in restaurants.  Why?  Because sometimes people go to places where they can smoke, and one of these places is the restaurants.  Some people or more of the people smoking in some place outside where they can relax, eat what they want, and after that smoke, or some people just chill out in the bars and restaurants and they still smoke.  A large population of the entire world smokes.
Nowadays, there are people who smoke, which somehow they call their stress reliever, but then they say it's a stress reliever, but it sometimes have a side effects like, for example, it causes lung cancer, mostly on the lungs and commonly some lung cancer, and besides, I think it's bad to smoke for a student.  Everyone knows that it's bad to smoke, even students should know that, but nowadays, there are some students smoking, and they smoke in restaurants, but the smoke will maybe effect other people, like, for example, when you pass by, then he has some lung problems in his respiratory system like asthma.  When that person smokes himself at the restaurant he will cough, so I think I should like be about...
Smoking should truly be banned in restaurants.  Why, because smoking, first of all, causes air pollution, not just air pollution, but it also affects people's health, not just smoker, but also other people who don't even smoke, because of the secondhand smoke.  If they inhale, it's two times worse than what the smoker gets.  Also, in smoking, the smoker gets lung cancer so as various types of dangerous diseases which slowly kill them.  Smoking should really be banned in restaurants, because also in restaurants, restaurant is a place to eat and to relax with your friends, with others, so it will really be a big discomfort if you see someone smoking and you inhale the smoke.  You wouldn't want to have cancer just because of that smoke.
I do believe that we should ban smoking from restaurants, especially inside, because these places are not places for people to be smoking.  It's a place for eating, and in hospitals, it is a place where the sick get treated.  Now, smoking said to have been causing a lot of sicknesses like lung cancer.  Now, smoking is used as a stress relief for some people like for, let's say, call center agents.  They smoke because it gives them some sense of comfort.  Now, we will not be able to completely eradicate this issue, but we should designate some places where people are allowed to smoke and keep them away from smoking in places like restaurants, hospitals, schools, so that no other...
Yes, I agree that it should be banned, because it will give more health benefits to the people in the restaurant and in the country and not only to those who are surrounding them, but also to the people who smoke themselves.  Banning smoking will definitely have more health benefits not only to the people, but maybe to the surrounding itself, because secondhand smoke from smoking is definitely more dangerous than the nicotine that firsthand smokers inhale.  
For me, I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants these days, because some people actually don't smoke, so it's kind of disrespectful for some people to actually smoke inside the restaurants when most of the people there don't smoke.  Besides smoking is bad for your health.  By smoking, you could get lung cancer, you could get other lung diseases, which, of course, is not good.  Probably, if restaurants and other public places would ban smoking, the risk of people getting diseases would decrease, and it will be good for people who smokes in...
I am agreeing with this topic, because smoking is responsible for several diseases such as cancer, lungs and respiratory diseases, and heart diseases as well as premature death.  Smoking is the largest cause of the preventable deaths in the world.  Smokers can undermine the health of nonsmokers in some environment.  There has long been a claim from smokers that they are affecting their own bodies and other body [***], yeah.
Yes, smoking should be banned in all restaurants, because smoking is very unhealthy, and it's very, very annoying when someone smokes or when a table beside you smokes and you inhale the secondhand smoke, that's much more unhealthy than you smoking itself.  Nowadays smoking is the popular bad habit of humanity.  Everywhere we can see advertisements which say that smoking destroys your health, but nobody pays attention to such inscription, so it's really hard for a person, especially a person who is a chain smoker or a very developed or someone who is very used to smoking to stop and restaurants should...
Smoking is very well known, the adverse effects of smoking in the world.  For me, personally, I think that if smoking it would only affect you and not the people around you, then go ahead, smoke as much as you want, but then as we know, smoking affects not only yourself, but the people around you, so I think that yes, it should be banned, but then I don't think it should be banned, I think it should be restricted.  Sorry, let me take that out.  It should be restricted because we live in a democratic world, there should be compromise, so I think that it shouldn't be totally banned, it should be controlled, restricted, and regulated.  I think the law should be more stricter, and there should be more plans and education because when we smoke, the people around you also intake those toxins that you are taking, so it's very important that we educate the people.
Tobacco is one of the most widely used drugs in the world.  Tobacco is mixed in cigarettes lanced with deadly chemicals like nicotine, tar, etcetera, mainly in the form of cigarettes or some kind of even secondhand smoking.  Although most countries put restriction on its use, many people smoke everyday despite the fact that it's poison is harmful to their health.  In my opinion, smoking should be banned completely for several reasons.  Firstly, smoking can cause seriously health problems to the smokers themselves to be inhaling secondhand smoke, the one that I said a while ago.  Tobacco smoke contains many harmful substances including a lot of carcinogen and nicotine which is addictive.  Smoking can cause cancer, emphysema, and heart disease.  While it can also shorten your life by up to 10 years, each puff they say it lessons one day in your life.
First of all, I disagree with the idea that smoking should be banned in all restaurants, because I am against smoking, but not to the extent that it will be banned in other restaurants, because some of the restaurants or most of the restaurants that I have visited have a separate place for people who are smoking, and I think that's fair enough.  These smoking areas are not a hindrance for us, nonsmoking people, to not go into the restaurant and not enjoy the ambience.  This encourages us to not go to the restaurants and not eat there anymore because of the smoke, so I think that it is really fair that people who smoke have their own place in the restaurants if they really want to smoke while eating.  I...
Of course, I would have to agree with that.  In fact, I don't think just the restaurants in the country, but other places as well, other places in public because secondhand smoking is really dangerous for people's health.  There are a lot of reasons to quit smoking or just to ban smoking, because of the health-risk it gives.  There are, of course, tar and nicotine in cigarettes, which are something that can cause cancer, and they are very addictive.  Smoking as studies have shown reduces your life expectancy by 7 to 8 years, so I think it is a good reason to ban smoking.  Some of the major diseases are also caused by smoking like cardiovascular diseases...
I think smoking should not be banned only in the restaurants, but anywhere because I think smoking is one of the main reasons why most of the people die nowadays.  It constantly brings negative effects toward smokers, negative effect such as heart and lung failure, and most especially radically addiction.  In my opinion, I think smoking should not be legalized anywhere in the world for it brings only negative effects on people.  I think government should gradually help the smokers to stop smoking by implementing some laws that could discourage smokers in smoking.  One example would be the increase of price of cigarettes, so that majority of smokers could not be able to afford it anymore.  This thing has been legalized in the Philippines, well, not legitimately legalized, but it was started...
I agree because it is unhealthy and it is unfair for people who don't smoke in the restaurant because it's secondhand smoking can develop certain sicknesses from it, so I think it should be completely banned from restaurants because people get affected by it even if they don't smoke, and it is unsanitary also, and it stinks, and it causes dirt because of the ashes, and it...
I think smoking should be banned in public places, because smoking really is hazardous to person's health and the health of the people around the smoker, and in cigarettes, nicotine is really, really, really addictive, so it's really difficult to quit, and I think if we stop or if smoking is banned from restaurants or public areas, then people would be healthier.  Based on personal experience I mean smoking really effects the way a person thinks, so banning it...
Okay, so what I can say about this is that the people around you what will they say if you smoke in the restaurant.  Actually I am 50:50 about this argument, because if it is an open restaurant, then you can do so, but if it is not, then it is prohibited, of course.  All I can say is that you just have to be conscious about the people around you.  You should be disciplined in that.  For me, it's not really too bad to smoke, but just put it in the right place.  Smoking, it's not really bad for me meaning...
Yes, smoking should be totally banned in restaurants.  As far as I know, restaurants are places where people would basically eat and not a place for smoking.  Just imagine people eating and someone smoking is kind of disturbing in manner, but in my opinion, ban smoking in all open areas where people really roam around, because smoking is dangerous to one's health.  That may lead to lung cancer.  In fact, lung cancer is included in the most common cancers in the world.  Let us be reminded that secondhand smoking is far more dangerous than firsthand smoking.  Others have allergies to smoke or have asthma, so it isn't possible for just the smoker to be affected, but also the innocent people around him just like my grandfather died due to lung cancer or over-smoking.  When we are in public places like in restaurants, smokers should be conscious enough to those people surrounding them so that they could learn how...
I agree that smoking should be really banned, because first of all, smoking is like taking your health for granted.  You don't care at all about what will happen to your health because smoking we all know that it causes lung cancer which can lead to death.  If a person smokes, I think he is not respecting his body, and we all know that in this modern time, money really is a necessity for everyone, so you can just choose your money for other important things than buying a cigarette for you to smoke, and I think that if you engage in smoking, you are like...
I agree with banning smoking inside restaurants in every country, though smoking makes someone who is depressed relieved from stress or relaxed, it is still harmful.  Smoking is responsible for diseases that are very harmful that may lead to death.  Examples of these diseases are cancer, long-term respiratory disease, heart disease, and premature death.  I am against people who smoke because they are hypocrites.  They keep on telling children that smoking is bad for your health, but they continue on smoking cigarettes.  Not only that, they make their health worse, but they also affect people who are near them.  Not all of the smoke from the cigarette is inhaled by the smoker, but it just gets into the air and anyone who is near them are...
I think that smoking for some people is good.  I mean, it's good for their psychological health, because sometimes they do that to relieve themselves, but smoking, especially at restaurants is not really healthy for nonsmokers.  I mean, it's fine to smoke, but if it's for the person's expense also, but if it's other people's expense, based on their health, then it's not fine, because everyone has the right of fresh air, and if you take that away from the people, that's bad.  That's not good.  I think that smokers should have an area where they can smoke only...
Banning smoking in all the restaurants would be something very difficult, because we have the freedom of what we want to do, and there are people who really can't live their life without smoking, which means that they are already addicted to it, but smoking is actually bad for the health, but also for the restaurant, because when you smoke in the restaurant, the food might be polluted with the secondhand smoke and it's not really good for secondhand smokers too.  Because secondhand smoking is actually worse than firsthand smoking, so I think it should be stopped, although it will be hard, I think it's good to give a try, because smoking as everyone knows, it's actually bad.  It's not good for your health, it's not good for other people, and when you actually smoke as a student, it makes you look like you are doing bad things in the eyes of the teachers and professors...
Smoking shouldn't only be banned in restaurants, but also in everywhere because smoking cause a lot of bad things in the person's body, namely, lung cancer, emphysema, throat cancer, mouth cancer, and a lot of different kinds of diseases.  Some people who don't want to be affected by this smoke should be respected and that's one of the reasons why smoking should be banned.  In the restaurant, people will like to enjoy to eat and to drink without the presence of smoking.  I believe that smoking should be banned in restaurants to respect other people or most of the people who doesn't like to engage in smoking.  Secondhand smokers are said to be...
In my opinion, no, because why allow smoking where people are dining with their family, friends, and even kids.  Smoking is a matter of public health, which is the most important, not economics.  It's not about business.  Any person sitting in a restaurant should not take the risk of inhaling secondhand smoke, and of course, affecting their health.  It may cause plenty of disease like lung problem and cancer that may lead to death, so I recommend to the smokers that smoke in your home, not anywhere else.  That's all.
Personally, I strongly agree because they really need to ban everywhere cigarettes.  I know it's not just a sickness, okay, I will stop drinking coffee to forget the smoking, but I highly, I strongly agree to ban them because there are many risks in smoking cigarettes, because they don't know they might have lung cancer in the future, because of the habit of smoking cigarettes.  I know some people who smoke cigarettes, and I know it's their interest, but it's not my interest.  I don't want them to think that I am very, very...
Smoking occurs in many of our favorite places where we enjoy dining and socializing.  I believe smoking should be banned in all restaurants because if people are allowed to smoke, then they are forcing people to inhale secondhand smoke which makes it seem as if we are murdering them.  As we are all aware, smoking has many health risks that can be very harmful to us.  This is a leading cause of lung cancer.  It may cause chronic lung disease.  It also increases the risk of heart disease and heart attacks by increasing a person's risk of developing blood clots.  Smoking in restaurants too is not appropriate for you are there to dine and savor the food you are eating, not to smoke and eat.  If smoking is really a person's thing and they can't quit stop smoking, then they should smoke in a proper place.  The person must show respect to the food given and shouldn't just be there and smoke.  It also would discourage the person eating to enjoy his food because of the unwanted smell of the place.  Give respect and consideration to other diners as well and think about the negativity that smoking would cause.  It may be very harm...
Smoking has become very common and fashionable especially among young boys.  This habit usually begins at school when boys try to experiment with every new thing that they can lay their hands on, so smoking should be banned.  Despite the warnings given by doctors about the ill effects of smoking, people continue to smoke.  Smokers are addicted to it and even if they want to, they cannot refrain from picking up a cigar or a cigarette and puffing away.  Some youngsters smoke for the sake of society and some feel that would make them appear liberated and broadminded.  In the beginning, a teenager may take up a few puffs from his friend's cigarette, then comes a time when it becomes an indispensable part of his life.  Several puffs lead to the formation of a habit.  Soon smoking begins to affect the health of the smoker.  He becomes a chain smoker.  This smoke is toxic and then...
I agree that smoking should be banned in the restaurants.  It is a well known fact that millions of people die every year from lung cancer.  This certain disease are very [***].  To my mind, smoking in public places, especially in restaurants and cafes must be banned.  Restaurants are for eating and not for smoking.  Even the Filipino people who do not smoke or many people suffer from fume and smell because of the smoke that are released that others smell.  For example, when pregnant woman smoking, she should understand that her unborn baby in the womb is smoking also.  Moreover, his life can be at risk.  Every year more and more babies are born and even die because of the bad habit of their mothers.
Yes, I agree because it is very unhealthy being in a restaurant and having to smell that smoke while eating is not only disrespectful but can also take away our appetite.  There are also families eating in a restaurant, of course, and cigarette smoking can influence younger people or kids to smoke, and it is not very nice.  People who have problems in respiratory like asthma need to carry their inhaler just in case of a smoker or cigarette.  It is also a hassle for a person with problem in respiratory because he or she needs to hold breath, so that they will not inhale the smoke of the cigarette, but I think a restaurant should have a smoking area for the customers who want to smoke while they are eating.  Most of the people say that health is the greatest wealth, so I think smoking should be banned.
I agree with what other people are saying that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants, because it's hazardous to the health of the people and it may dissolve [***] in the taste of the food since when tasting food our senses such as our sense of smell and sense of taste has always whenever they did taste of their food and it's hazardous to our health, and it can be distracting while they are eating and if it smells, so how will they be able to enjoy their meal, and many people don't like smoking.  It is very inconvenient if you are eating in a restaurant where there is smoke.  That's why I believe that it should be completely banned.
I believe that smoking shouldn't be banned in the country, because a lot of people that's using it, for them smoking is a stress reliever, and it is also a way of having a leisure time, and it helps them, although it is really harmful to their health, it is just that they need to lessen the use of cigarettes, and banning is not appropriate because if ever, a lot of people would protest.
Yes, I agree that smoking should be banned at restaurants.  First of all, in support of this, our government says that smoking is very dangerous to our health.  Not only that, cigarette smoking is very dangerous for the smokers too, but if the other person inhales that secondhand smoke, then it would be very risky for them to have lung diseases such as cancer, and if you are going to put the situation in a closed area such as the restaurants I said, if someone is smoking there, the smoke will not be allowed to move freely, so especially if there are only few windows for it to vent, and plus the smell of the cigarette is not very appetizing at all, and if...
I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants and in all these places, because I am sure that you know that smoking harms our bodies, then why do we continue smoking?  Maybe we do it because we haven't really become conscious about all the effects smoking has.  There are a lot of reasons why you shouldn't smoke.  Some of them are that smoking affects your health, that you spend a lot of money on cigarettes, and that when you smoke, you are not respecting people around you and also yourself, your health.  The first reason why we shouldn't smoke is smoking effects your health.  If you smoke, your physical condition will be negatively affected, so it will be difficult for you to succeed in sports and in academics like that.  You will lose your focus and...
I disagree that smoking should be banned, because smoking can be an opportunity for us to earn money to self and with smoking when you buy it, you have tax and that goes to the government.  Smoking is by choice and it's not forced by anyone.  It has government warnings written in each and every box.  They remind us that it's addictive and dangerous to your health, so it's really a choice, and smoking can be a way to relieve someone's stress, a person's own stress can...
I partially agree with this statement, because smoking does affect a lot of things here in the world especially in the environment aspect, also in the health aspect of people.  You know, let's say, we could ban, but the problem is with all the people who are addicted to smoking right now, there is a slim chance that we could completely ban or disapprove or just make them stop smoking, even our politicians.  I have even seen priests smoke, so there is really a slim chance for improvement when it comes to smoking.  Smoking is really addicting.  Some people say that when they start to smoke, they feel okay, but...
Well, I would have to agree that smoking would have to be eliminated or banned, because smoking is not good for health, and it won't just affect the smoker, but also the people around him.  Secondhand smoking is even more dangerous than smoking itself.  The carbon emissions from that and all that chemicals can be inhaled by other people who are indirectly involved, which can actually cause serious health issues and health problems to them, not just to the user, but even to the other parties, external parties involved.  The user would be risking their lives.  I know that they would defend smoking is good, smoking is good for them, it relaxes them, they crave it, but it's really bad for them, and the consequence is very, very great.  Their very health is at stake, and they can even die from smoking, because as we all know smoking kills through cancer and all those other diseases.  It can ruin your skin, it can make you look ugly, increase wrinkles...
I agree with the restaurants because I think that smoking will affect the dining atmosphere and experience for other customers.  I can't imagine myself dining while smoke is surrounding me.  It can be very distracting, and it is also unhealthy to be in a polluted environment.  Smoking is one of the factors that increase global warming.  The smoke contributes to the greenhouse gases that affect our ozone layer and allows the UV light from the sun to...
Smoking for me should be banned in the restaurants, because it is bad for your health, bad for other people's health especially because second-hand smoke increases risks of heart disease, cancer, emphysema, and other diseases, and the smoking has been introduced in various forms over the years, so basically, over the years, many restaurants allow smoking in their establishments.  Smoking ban will reduce risk of fire in areas.  It can maintain cleanliness and reduce the risk of explosions on certain areas.  It helps in the environment also not...
I really think that smoking should not be banned from restaurant establishments because smoking is kind of like a hobby for most people, so banning smoking in restaurants could turn people away from the restaurants because if smoking is their personal hobby, so if they really like smoking and if they only do that in restaurants and other food establishments, I don't think it should be banned, because smoking is their free time, and it's their own choice if they want to smoke or not, but I really think that restaurants should allot smoking areas to divide the smokers from the nonsmokers, because it will really help the restaurants gain more customers of smoker customers and nonsmoker customers because the smokers can even boost their profit because having a smoking area in the...
I think I would disagree because it would be hard to ban completely ban smoking because there are a lot of people who uses it and it is one of the most marketable products throughout the countries, but there is a solution when it comes to restaurants, they could separate the people who smoke from the customers who don't.  Also some people have this certain addiction when it comes to smoking that it will be hard for it to be banned, and...
I am 100% agree with the banning of smoking in the restaurant and in the country, because smoking is a bad action, and this action can cause sickness.  It can cause cancers and other illnesses, not only to the ones who smoke, but also to the secondhand smokers.  Both take disadvantages, so I very agree with this ban of the smoking in the restaurants, because smoking is really a bad act, and it will cause a lot of sicknesses and other illnesses, so as much as possible, ban smoking in restaurants and also in country, especially in the whole world, and I suggest that don't sell cigarettes anymore, because why there are people smoking, because there are still cigarette selling...
I believe that smoking should be banned everywhere in the entire world because smoking gives out dangerous gases and produces greenhouse gases, and this destroys the ozone layer.  Plus it destroys not only the ozone layer, but also harms people through climate change.  The weather gets really, really, really harsh like today in Hong Kong, usually in October, they are experiencing cold weather, it's like 15 degrees or 14 degrees, but now they are just experiencing 18, 17 – oh, no, not 18, 17, but 20 degrees, 21 degrees, which is really, really hot for...
I strongly agree that smoking should be banned inside restaurants.  It should be immediately banned because obviously we are all aware that smoking is bad for our health, but sometimes I was wondering why do people like to smoke and why do they get addicted to it despite the fact that it can damage their organs.  Smoking is also known as the main cause of lung cancer.  Each year thousands of people die because of this disease, and it makes lung cancer the common cause of death.  I think people should also learn to avoid smoking.  Also some people get annoyed when they smell smoke from cigarettes.  It might disturb them while eating.  It is also not a good practice.  It also causes them to lessen their appetite.  There are people who do not think for the welfares of others.  We should immediately ban smoking inside rest...
Smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country for me because smoking is bad for health and it is too dirty and second smoker is bad, so smoking should be completely banned.  In a restaurant we need a clean place to eat because all the smoke, all the food that you eat will enter our body, and it will damage our organs, so smoking is bad, bad, bad for human health.  If you really want to smoke, go to a place that will allow you to smoke and don't smoke in public places like restaurants because many people eat there and they don't want their food to get dirty by your smoke dust and the smoky air inside the restaurant.  Smoking is bad for health, you....
I believe that smoking should be banned in the entire city because it only ruins life of the fellow men.  With smoking as well, you not only endanger yourself but also your fellow countrymen because secondhand smoking is even more dangerous than the firsthand smoking.  Through that not only you will be endangering yourself, but also you will be endangering others who area nearby you, and so with this, smoking habit should be banned not only in public places, but in the entire city, and through this we can have...
I believe that smoking should be banned all over the country because as we all know smoking is bad for people's health.  Moreover these firsthand smokers are affecting other people, and as found by researchers that secondhand smokers suffers more than the firsthand smokers, and also researchers have found that there are thirdhand smokers which are worse than the firsthand and secondhand smokers.  These firsthand smokers are not just risking their lives but also risking other people's lives so that is why smoking should really be banned all over the...
Smoking should be banned completely in restaurants because if someone smokes it is more harmful for the people around the smokers more than the smoker himself.  Studies show that secondhand smoking is more dangerous than firsthand smoking.  When a person smokes a cigarette has its self filter for the nicotine and whatever contents it has, but for those people around him, they have no filter at all to cover themselves from the smoke or the contents of the cigarette.  It is important to ban smoking in restaurants in order to keep other people safe from people who smoke.  A restaurant is a place...
I agree that smoking should be banned in all public places because smoking harms not only to the smokers and also everyone who is near the smoker.  The people who do not have such bad habit has no other choice but to accept the smokers in their lives.  Even if you are at some public places like restaurants, of course, many people visits such place with their family, children, and they want to spend there a good time, but the smell and smoke spoils your good evening at the restaurants that is why smoking must be banned.  A smoker also has their rights.  They want to have a good time with friends, but talking on same topic while they are smoking, they say...
I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants.  Not only is it bad for your health, it will be disrespectful for a person to smoke in a restaurant with other people that may or may not like smoking.  I think it should be banned in all restaurants because secondhand smoke is deadly.  If a person doesn't smoke, then what do they do about the people who are smoking in front of them, it is kind of rude to tell them to just go away.  I think it is better for a precaution to be set that smoking is not allowed in restaurants and such because not only is it bad for your health, but it is also kind of disrespectful to the people around you and also...
I strongly agree that smoking inside public restaurants should be banned all over the country or even all over the world, because first of all it is a public restaurant meaning it is open for all including the children and the elderly.  If smoking inside the restaurants would be allowed, everyone inside the restaurants will be affected by the smokes emitted from the cigarettes of the smokers.  It can be inhaled by the children and the elderly that could cause serious lung problem and complications for them.  The health of these innocent nonsmokers would be greatly affected.  They would not want to allow smoking inside a restaurant.  They should provide an isolated place for them so that other people inside the restaurant will not be affected.  After all secondhand or passive smoking is more dangerous.  Therefore...
It is well known fact that millions of people die every year from lung cancer, as a result of smoking.  So many countries prohibit smoking in public places.  However, some people think that it disturbs their individual freedom in selection.  To my mind, smoking in public places, especially in restaurants and cafés must be banned.  Restaurants are for eating and not smoking.  People who do not smoke suffer from fume and smell.  The scientists assure that passive smoking is harmful for our health at the same value.  Smoking affected – smoking is affected to our health.  For example, when pregnant woman is smoking, she should understand that her unborn baby in the womb is smoking also.  Moreover, his life can be at risk.  Every year, more and more babies are...
Smoking should be banned inside the restaurant.  I mean it's okay if people smoke outside, however, smoking inside can be considered rude and inconsiderate because what if there are non-smokers inside, let's say, families with children.  Of course, these people would not like it because they will also inhale the smoke.  And if I was the manager, of course, I wouldn't want people not eating in my restaurant just because I allow few people to smoke inside.  And also there is a possibility that ashes would eventually go to the food of the other customers, and that would ruin their food making the service of my restaurant bad.  If my restaurant is a closed one, smoking inside would cause the smoke to remain inside the restaurant causing second hand smoke to other people who comes into my restaurant.  So, smoking should be banned because not everyone benefits from smoking, and it is unhealthy for other people to involuntary inhale smoke from those who are smoking, so it should be banned because other...
I am totally against this issue, even though I myself do smoke, so but just occasionally, not on a daily basis.  So moving on, I am against this because as we all know, smoking is bad for our health, especially to the children, who inhale the second hand smoke, and for this kind of environment, for people, for us to live or eat in particularly in a congested restaurant where there is neither [***] or no windows at all where the smoke can run off, it's really not healthy.  It may cause us to have illnesses such as cough and worse lung cancer. So, likewise, restaurant – restaurants are place built for families to...
Well, we are all aware of the prevalence of smoking tobacco among today's society.  Even with the incessant reminder of health experts regarding the negative effects of engaging in the uses of the said substance, well the master continues to engage in this hobby.  Smokers can be seen everywhere, right?  I mean, near the mall, near schools, even inside malls, near churches, and while even inside restaurants.  And it seems that there is nothing nonsmokers can do to stop the burdening population of smokers to do their thing wherever and whenever they want.  And with the [***] as what it is called, the use of cigarette is substantially being more preeminent, not only among adults but as well as the younger population.  Nowadays people smoke wherever they want, even in the restaurants and this habit causes great problems among restaurant owners as their nonsmoking customers are greatly burdened by the smoke that they inhale.  And also...
It really depends on the place of the restaurant, but for now, I am going to say that I disagree with this issue.  Smoking, as most of us may know, is highly dangerous to our health, and a restaurant is an example of a place where a lot of people go, like families, children and even the elderly.  They are there to have fun, to eat and some ones to feel relaxed.  Among these people are a few who are already have complications with their health and research shows that it is more harmful to inhale smoke that you did not directly smoke, for it offers a higher risk of lung cancer and asthma.  So, if people would continue to smoke on public places like restaurants, they are not...
I totally feel like smoking should not be allowed in restaurant.  I am not a fan of smoking.  Smoking is a very hazardous thing.  It increases the risk of pollution, global warming and diseases in people.  When this is done in public spaces like restaurant, it does not only harm the health of the smoker himself, but it also puts the health of the other people around him in danger, especially the kids.  I've heard that second hand smoking is actually more dangerous than doing it firsthand.  And I feel like banning smoking, it – it would actually lower the rate of diseases that people get.  Moreover, smoking is not really appropriate around people eating.  Smelling the smoke from cigarette is very unappetizing and this may affect the mood of the customers towards the food they're eating, which would then affect the sales of the restaurant.
Yes, I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned in all countries of the world, and for all students.  This is because, of course, we all know that smoking is very harmful and dangerous to our health.  It – it shouldn't just be students who should be banned from smoking but also adult, because this will of course shorten their life span.  And as students, we should learn to be more mindful of what we're doing to our body because if we want to be able to live more, and help, support their families, fulfill every dreams, you need to have a healthy body and lifestyle.  So, smoking should be cut out of the picture, because through smoking our lungs are damaged and you would not be able to breathe really, and it's actually...
I think that smoking should be banned in all restaurants because not everyone likes smoke.  Many people are against smoke, so I think there is a rather better venue for smoking, that is not in restaurants.  First because, the truth is, there is some harm in smoking and there is also harm in secondhand smoking.  Restaurants are public places that families go to.  There – in families, there are children and children might be – might get influenced to take up smoking once they see that other people take it up too, so it is – I don't think it's right for students to – for people, I don't – I don't think, it's right for people to smoke in public area such as restaurants.  They would, I would rather see them smoke in places that are built for smoking, such as zones – and the smoking zones.
People has – have their own opinion about smoking.  For me, even if I don't smoke, it should not be banned since people have – have their own options to smoke or not, since they know the disadvantages of – and it also – it gives them – it – it relaxes them when they smoke, so for me, even if it has a disadvantage like it gives harm to – it harms our health, we may not ban this smoking since – since – not – not everyone – since smoking also gives some benefit, so we can – we can see that – we can see the lesser of two evils, when banning – when not banning smoking – when not – when...
Is smoking dangerous to our health?  Cigarette contains over 4000 chemicals that are mostly toxic.  It has nicotine which makes the user addicted, it makes user feel good because it has – oh, it gives adrenaline rush.  Cigarette contains carbon monoxide which is poisonous, and it can be – because it can be found in the fumes of the cars.  It also decreases oxygen in the blood, the organs – making the organs deprive from the breathing from the blood.  It also contains tar in which – it can reduces our – our lung capacity, making us have trouble in breathing.  Cigarette also contains many more components that are really toxic, so it should be banned.
I believe that smoking in restaurants should be banned.  I think it's because that the people who don't smoke will be much more affected through the secondhand smoking, while the smokers don't really mind of what might happen to the people around them.  And I think that smoking is pretty bad thing – not really a bad thing but, the choice people make, and I respect that, it doesn't make you a bad person, or it doesn't make you a better person either.  But I just think – I just want to say that if – if you don't quit smoking, some bad things are going to happen to your health, so I believe that, that won't be – that won't really be a good thing for you so why not...
With that statement, I would disagree.  I'm sorry if I'm a little bit of biased in my own opinion because I really don't smoke.  But for me, I would agree that they would ban all the people from smoking because, basically, smoking is a very bad vice – yeah, it's a very bad vice for people to – to – because it really – it really has a bad effect in the health of the person who smokes and the people around him, because you know, sometimes even the – the smoke that came out from the person's body while he was smoking, it...
I believe that you should – every – every restaurant should ban smoking within their restaurant, first of all, because smoking is very, very dangerous for your health.  Every – in every commercial – in every smoking commercial, the government always warns us that the smoking is really bad for our health.  In – in this case, in the restaurants, smoking should really be banned because people are eating, people are – do not want to smell smoke while they are eating.  They – they want – they want a clean environment while they are eating.  With people smoking – the pe – the restaurant people will also get sick because of secondhand smoke.
Yes, I do really believe that smoking should be banned in public places especially in restaurant.  Imagine that you are eating a good food in a good restaurant and you inhale strong smoke from the smoker, you will feel uncomfortable while eating a good food, and you will not feel like eating a good food, so you will smell bad, because of the smoke around you.  We all know that smoking is bad for our health, but we also know that smoking or secondhand smoking is more dangerous than directly smoking, because plus the smoking was banned, then heart-related sickness, plus lung cancer and liver...
I agree with this completely because smoking is an option.  If you choose to put up with smoking, then you shouldn't impose this on other people.  Secondhand smoke is as dangerous as smoking itself, so if you're smoking, you shouldn't do it in a public place.  Of course, it should be banned because it's dangerous to human health, and I think, everyone has a right to control what people do, because they are paying their health insurance.  Smoking has known to increase illnesses, and if government decreased the amount of people smoking, they can decrease the amount of illnesses people impose on themselves, which in turn can make sure the government save money for healthcare, for other more important diseases that can be cured in the future, and if you are focused on solving these illnesses, you should be able to have other alternative treatments, and smoking should be banned.
Yes, I agree that – that smoking should be banned completely in all the restaurants.  According to studies, we all know that smoking is really bad for our health then if it is allowed the – the – all the restaurants to do smoking, the food and the people who are inside it will get affected.  And as far as I know, secondhand smoking, it's more dangerous than the one who is smoking, so the other people, who is smoking, he doesn't care about others who get affected and the others who get affected, it's like, your life will get – will get – one was told that – get even shorter, because then they say if you every sip – smoke of the cigarette, then your life will decrease, your life span will decrease.
In my opinion, smoking should totally be banned and completely be prohibited by government, because firstly, it's not even healthy for the smokers, and even the people that surround the smokers, because there is a such thing as a firsthand, secondhand and third hand smokers.  The firsthand are the ones who are directly inhaling the nicotine, and second be – and the secondhand smokers are the ones who are smelling and breathing the smoke that they exhibit, and thirdly, the third hand smoke is where the smoke that is being produced by the smokers is...
I disagree that the smoking should be banned at all restaurants because we should respect other's decision to smoke – to smoke in a certain area.  I think it is best that restaurants put up a specific smoking area wherein they wouldn't affect a lot of customers inside the restaurant.  In this way, we could not – in this way we could not disrespect the decision of others to do what they want because smoking – smoking is a decision of a person, and we should not inter – interfere with them.  I guess it is important that they should not ban smoking because it may also affect the restaurant and cause loss of sales in their restaurant.  Although, it may affect some of the restaurants customers.  It should not be banned because most of their customers also smoke.
I agree that smoking should be banned because smoking not only causes bad effects for your body, but it – you may not realize it but it may also have bad effects to those people who inhale the smoke that you exhale from taking the cigarettes.  It – sometimes it may also be addiction to like – to some because they can't stop – they can't stop – they can't stop thinking about getting that cigarette and smoke.  It – it causes bad.
In my opinion – I think, in my opinion, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants because not everyone likes the idea of smoking, not everyone likes the smell of smoke.  For example, I am the smoker and then there are other people who doesn't like smoking.  Of course, they will get irritated because of me and therefore leave the restaurant.  I mean if – if you really want to smoke, you should be able to smoke where in there are – you only – you only – maybe you smoke in a place wherein not everyone – wherein everyone smokes, so that it would be fair, I mean...
I completely agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned because of three reasons.  First is for the smokers, second is for the nonsmokers, and third is for the environment.  Smokers – smokers are – their – their health is at risk right now and their role is very important – the role of each citizen is very important for them to upper our country to progress and to develop more.  Second is for the sake – is for the sake of the nonsmokers who can inhale the smoke of the smokers.  Third is also at – at stake here since they can inhale or they can acquire the disease caused by the cigarette and of course, from the smokers themselves.  He – he or she could carry or could be a carrier of any dangerous disease, and it would be really devastating if it – it – it would be passed on to different people just because of the smoke.
Okay, so similar thing.  I think that – I'm not sure if it – if it should be banned but that's not really do any good for people. For one, it's destructive to ourselves, I mean, for the smokers themselves, secondhand smokers and the environment.  Maybe, it wasn't that bad before because way back before, it was used for – they – they were used by people of higher rank, high social status for a symbol.  But right now it's not that symbolic, I mean, it doesn't do anything good, and it only kills us more every day.  People have been – the home government has been implementing tax on them, same products so [***] but people still go for them because people say...
For that statement, I disagree because I think that smoking should be completely banned in this country.  First of all, even – even people know already that smoking is really bad for your health.  Many completely and always use this cigarettes, for example, in that hut area near our school, every time I passed by, I could always inhale smoke from them, and I have asthma so it really, it really is bad for me.  And it's really annoying because you're, you're really affected by it, not only just their lungs but also your lungs, and you could really – it's really a bad smell.  And in Manila, it's – it's a polluted city already as we can see due to the cars and the – the litter everywhere and these people are still adding to the – to the effect of this pollution.
I truly – I strongly agree that smoking should be banned in our country because it is said – it is clearly said that smoking is bad for our health.  Since it's bad for our health, why should we legalize the smoking?  If smoking, all those – yes, I understand that some people are smokers, but for me, I'm not a smoker, so it's not that hard for me to – to quit smoking because, first of all, I'm not bad smoker, but it should be banned because it – it can harm other people.  It's bad – it's bad for our health.  We may die earlier than usual.  Smoking is bad for our health, so however I have some people that I know that are smoking, so I really encourage them to stop, quit smoking, and look at the good side of not having smoking.
I will continue my speech.  For those mothers who smoke, those pregnant mothers who smoke, it's harmful to the babies inside their wombs, that's my concern there, and I know I often see those smokers anywhere here even in our place, say, go out, I can see cigarette butts everywhere.  It should be decomposed properly, but how, we don't know.  We don't know even how to throw cigarette butts properly.  We don't throw it inside garbage cans.  We often throw it everywhere and that adds to the pollution or environment, so smoking must be avoided for health and environment, we must save both at a time, stop smoking.  It should be banned in the whole world.  That's it.  Thank you for those questions.
Smoking should be banned because the sheer lack of respect that smokers have towards nonsmokers is unbelievable.  They smoke right in your face and your children without a second thought.  Secondhand smoke is as deadly as smoking cigarettes.  I don't want people smoking anywhere near me, because I don't want the effects that cigarettes can cause, and the fact that people don't care about the health of others shows that smoking should be banned.  Smoking also should be banned because it can cause disease for people who use it in and around the smokers, so the government must have many job for tobacco smokers so that they not be jobless and can decrease the poverty in the country.  It also kills 383,000 people each year.  I think that tobacco should also be illegal.  I think this is because smoking is the number one cause of preventable death.  I understand if this law is passed that many...
Yes, again, I should say that they should ban smoking in every part of the country, because we don't need smoking.  It's just for stress relief, but still there are many, many other ways of stress relief, because smoking is bad for the health and smoking is very, very bad for the children and we should not smoke, because why, it doesn't do anything.  It doesn't improve anything.  Nothing comes good from smoking, nothing comes good, because it really destroys our health.  It really destroys everything in our part.  It makes us die early, it makes our lungs dirty.  It makes us dirty, it makes us die early.  I think really smoking should be banned from the Philippines, from Japan, Singapore, and all over Asia and all over the world, especially to save the children...
Smoking should be completely banned in restaurants, do I agree or do I not agree?  Smoking should not be banned in restaurants, that is my clear point.  There are people that need smoking as a medication.  I believe that smoking areas should be set up which are far from the regular dining area in which a nonsmoker would usually want to sit.  For example, there are various mosques [***] here in my country that offer al fresco dining.  This is place outdoor in which one could smoke.  Some people actually have problems in digesting foods, salivating, thus, they have the need to smoke.  Another consideration is placing a small utility room inside the area in which one can practice smoking.  This place is where someone can enter and do his thing without affecting others.  Of course, this place would be good if it had good ventilation to avoid suffocating the person inside the...
Smoking should be banned in all restaurants, because smoking is not good for the health of the people, and even if you are not the one smoking, the effect of secondhand smoking from other people has a bigger and graver effect on you, because secondhand smoking is the top cause of lung cancer and lung diseases in the world.  Also, it is very dirty and unhygienic for a restaurant to have smokers in the area despite of even having a smoking area.  The ambience of the restaurant will not be beneficial and it will not be comfortable for the other people who are eating in that restaurant because, of course, when you eat at a restaurant, you...
I think that smoking should really be banned in restaurants and in public places like the government places, parks, so that lesser people would have to die early, because when you smoke in this public places, it would get more people to inhale the smoke and then more people could be diagnosed with the diseases that we don't want to happen.  Smoking is really bad because based from experience, it causes you a little by little damage in your health, and we don't want to die early because we still have things to do and the goals that we need in life, so if we want to die early, then we smoke, and a lot of people don't want to die early, so just...
Is it okay for people to smoke in public restaurants?  For me, it's not, because it's kind of like you are disturbing other people.  Not all people find pleasure in smoking and that's quite a lot.  It's kind of rude, if you are smoking and some people are trying to enjoy their meal.  Smoke can get into their food, and some are even allergic to smoke.  You'll never know what will happen.  It's better not to smoke in a public restaurant.  If you really want to smoke, you have to go outside, because that's the way it is.  Some people will get pretty annoyed at you if you smoke inside the restaurant, because they are there to enjoy their meal, to spend the time.
Like what I have said, I do agree in banning smoking in restaurants because first of all smoking is really bad for people, and if you smoke in restaurants, it would also affect the ones who are eating in the restaurants and they too would inhale the smoke that you are smoking and it would be more bad for them because they are the secondhand smokers, and if they are the secondhand smokers, they would also have the sickness if this people would continue to smoke in restaurants, and if they ban this smoking in restaurants, it would be more safer for people eating in restaurants and they wouldn't have to worry for the smokers, because it is already banned, and if it is banned, there would be no smokers anymore, and they would have a...
Moreover, smoking is really popular in our country, the Philippines, since a lot of people are smoking.  There are also a lot of smoking areas, namely, also inside the policy [***] room or a sports arena, there are lots of space for people to smoke, because many Filipino smokes, so I really disagree, but it is also important to think about the people who are not into the smoking area and...
Like what I said, I think I should agree with banning of the smoking in restaurants, because sometimes the smoke would infect the food, that's chemicals, okay, and then when the person is eating it, oh, he will get sick.  Like when I said before, there is a side effects on smoking, which is very bad like cancer and stuff, and besides there are many young people who are very curious of the surroundings, so he may be curious of what he is doing through smoking.  Maybe he will like be influenced with other people, so if he is influenced there, he might be smoke, so I just agree to ban that one, so people there will learn what is going on and also to avoid people to get sick too.  Smoking is really...
Smoking should really be banned in restaurants.  Why, because smoking is very dangerous as stated even in the commercials, government warning, cigarette smoking is dangerous for your health.  Smoking causes lung cancer to the smoker and also to others who inhale secondhand smoke.  Restaurants are for eating, for comfort, for relaxation, especially those from school and from work, so smoking should permanently be banned in all restaurants, and in fact for me, smoking should really be banned everywhere.  Smoking should be illegalized just for the safety of people.  In fact, it is really dangerous.  It has destroyed the lives of many people, old or young.  Smoking is really dangerous and it should be banned permanently for me.
I agree with this statement that we should ban smoking from restaurants, because restaurants are place where people eat and enjoy their meals.  Now, smoking inside especially is not good for other people, not only for the smokers, but also for the secondhand smokers.  Now, I don't think we will be able to eradicate this issue of smoking since it is a form of stress relief for other people.  It gives them a sense of comfort.  We should designate a specific place where they could smoke, so that other people are not affected.  Secondhand smoke is as dangerous or even more dangerous than firsthand smoke, so our issue here is the smoking in the restaurants, so I do believe that we should...
Yes, I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants and even in the country because it will definitely give more health benefits to the people, firstly to those who are firsthand smokers.  They will have more healthy body and more healthy lifestyle and also to the secondhand smokers who are inhaling or those who are able to inhale the secondhand smoke, which is definitely more dangerous.  It will be much healthier place for the restaurant and for the country, since it will decrease the chances of cancer, especially or maybe lung cancer and will definitely encourage people to have a more healthy lifestyle, because smoking can definitely decrease lifespan of a person.
I agree that smoking should totally be banned in restaurants, because smoking is bad for our health, so if smoking will be banned in restaurants, there will be less people who will get lung diseases like lung cancer.  Also, if smoking won't be banned in restaurants, it will be disrespect for some people who don't smoke when others who are smokers smoke inside the restaurants, because some people are allergic to the smell of smoke.  It will be inconsiderate for people to actually smoke inside a restaurant.  Also, if smoking will be banned in restaurants and other public places, there will be a bigger chance that less people would get lung diseases like what I have said.
Smoking can be dangerous not only for the smokers itself, but also for those around the smoker.  Secondhand smoking is one of the leading causes of death.  They say that tobacco contains a lot of chemicals, and like a lot of them are cancer-related.  Secondhand smoke has been linked to heart and respiratory diseases; lung, breath, cervical, and [***] and other parts of the bodies.  Not permitting...
I want to say that people should not be indifferent to each other.  It is a real problem.  Smoking is a real problem, and also smoking must be banned in not only restaurants and bars, but taking everything into consideration, I think that it should be banned in public places, streets, college, parks, and so on, because I think that the manger or a restaurant should think not only about visitors' satisfaction from foods or cozy conditions, but most importantly they should take care of their health.  They should be aware of a person's health.  They should be aware of the customers' health, and smoking in restaurants will not be a healthy place to eat, to dine, because smoking is bad.  It is a very unhealthy habit and people...
I think since that we are living in a democratic world right now, there should be compromise like smoking, smoking is bad.  It has adverse effects.  It effects a lot of people, but it should be regulated and restricted in some places though we try as much as possible to keep everyone happy, so I think in restaurants, there should be a smoking zone and a non-smoking zone, and there should be education, because in the first place, if the people knew how bad smoking is and how it affects the children, our environment, our society, then I think they wouldn't even try it in the first place.  I think that we need to be more aggressive in our campaign against smoking, but then at the same time, we can't totally ban it, because a lot of people's job depends on this business, and I...
Smoking must be banned in all the countries, even in some kind of Asian countries.  The danger is even greater for those who are already at a higher risk of coronary problems in smoking.  Well, secondly, apart from health hazard, being forced to breathe tobacco smoke is annoying and irritating to most people, especially people who have chronic conditions like asthma and bronchitis, which makes them susceptible to tobacco smoke and young children who are very sensitive to cigarette smoke.  It should be noted that many activities such as playing loud music or engaging in sexual provocative activity, dressing in inappropriate, scanty attires are banned in public places, simply because they are annoying and irritating, and that's the same of smoking.  In addition, discarded cigarette butts can be a big problem.  Cigarette butts [***] overwhelming majority of litter and in many public places such as parks, beaches...
I disagree with the idea that cigarettes should be banned in restaurants.  However, I am against smoking, not really to the point of banning them from all the restaurants because some restaurants, mostly most of the restaurants have their own place for the smoking area, so I think it is just fair and I don't see anything wrong about it.  It is not a hindrance for us nonsmoking people not to go into that restaurant just because there is a smoker or someone who ruins the ambience of the restaurant, so it doesn't really make a hindrance, it doesn't really make a difference if they ban it, because it's just outside.  They have a separate place, so I think it is really but fair, and I really disagree...
Like I said, I'd have to agree that they should ban smoking, not just in restaurants, but also in other public areas, because there are a lot of health risks and damages caused by smoking.  Some study show that smoking reduces your life expectancy by 7 to 8 years and would generally cause cancer, lung cancer to be specific, cardiovascular diseases which cause sudden deaths, because it causes blot clots, and some COPD or chronic pulmonary disease, which blocks the airflow and breathing of a person, which would also and of course, the fertility of couples could also be...
I think smoking should not be banned only in restaurants, but anywhere in the world because smoking is one of the main reasons why most of the people die nowadays.  It constantly brings negative effects towards smokers, negative effects such as heart and lung failure and most especially and radically addiction.  In my opinion, I think smoking should not be legalized anywhere in the world, for it brings only negative effects on people, negative effects that bring negative health conditions.  I think government should gradually help the smokers to stop smoking by implementing some laws that could discourage smokers in smoking.  One example would be the increase of price of cigarettes so that majority of smokers could not be able to afford it anymore.  This thing has...
I think it should be banned from restaurants.  I agree with it, because it is harmful to other people, and it is unsanitary because it causes a lot of dirt, and it is unhealthy to all the people in the restaurants, because it can cause certain sicknesses and it stinks.  It is unsanitary, and it causes a lot of harm to all the people inside the restaurants whether firsthand...
I think that smoking is dangerous to the smoker and the people around him or her, and it doesn't only affect the health of the person and the people around them, but also the way the person thinks like mentally, it slowly changes the way a person thinks, and this is because of the nicotine, because of how addictive it is.  It's so addictive that, well, psychologically, it makes you think that you always need to smoke and stuff, so banning this would really help smokers, let's say, certain lack of other term come to their senses.  Also smoking affects the environment, everyone knows that.  Smoking affects the environment like it adds to the pollution...
In this argument, I am 50:50.  It means that I somehow agree with the argument and I somehow disagree.  I agree because it's not really bad to smoke, but it depends on the kind of restaurants.  If it's an open restaurant, then you may do so, but if it is not, then you have to stop it if it's prevented, it's forbidden to smoke.  On the other hand, you have to be conscious about the people around you, especially if the environment is children, then stop smoking because it might influence them and that smoke might give them bad effects to...
Smoking should be totally banned in restaurants.  As far as I know, restaurants are places where people would basically eat and not a place for smoking.  Just imagine people eating and someone smoking.  It is kind of disturbing in manner.  But in my opinion ban smoking in all open areas where people can really roam around, because smoking is dangerous to one's health that may lead to lung cancer.  In fact, lung cancer is included in the most common cancers in the world, and let us be reminded that secondhand smoking is far more dangerous than the firsthand smoking.  Others have allergies to smoke or have asthma, so it's impossible for just to smoke or to be affected but also the people around him, just like my grandfather who died due to lung cancer or over-smoking.  When we are in public places like in restaurants, smokers should be conscious enough to those people surrounding them so that they could not harm people's lives and health or that they discard cigarettes permanently in [***].  Smoking should be totally banned in restaurants.
As I have earlier, smoking is like taking your health for granted.  If you smoke, you don't respect your body because you don't care about the things that might happen to you and we all know that smoking causes lung cancer which can lead to death.  Also buying cigarettes is also a waste of money, so instead of buying cigarettes, you can just put those money into more important things, and if you smoke, you can still affect others, not only yourself.  There are still the secondhand smokers that inhale directly the smoke from your cigarette, so it's not only yourself that you put in danger.
I agree with banning of smoking at restaurants in every country, so smoking makes people who is depressed relieved from stress or relaxed, it is still harmful.  Smoking is responsible for diseases that are very harmful that may lead to death.  Examples of these days are cancer, long-term respiratory disease, heart disease, and premature death.  I am against people who smoke because they are hypocrites.  They keep on telling children that smoking is bad for your health, but they continue on smoking cigarettes.  Not only that they make their health worse, but they also affect people who are near them.  Not all of the smoke from the cigarette is inhaled by the smoker, but it gets into the air and anyone who is near them or passing by them could inhale it.  Also cigarettes...
I do believe that they should ban the smoking especially in restaurants, because it does not only affect the smoker, but the people who does not smoke, because some people may not be a smoker, they don't smoke, and especially, secondhand smoke are much dangerous than the one who smokes, and it's fine to smoke, because it helps a person's psychological needs.  It relieves their stress, but if it affects other people who do not smoke, then it's not fine, so I think that especially in a restaurant where it's very public and there are so many people, I think they should ban it, because it's a public place.  They should only smoke in a place...
Secondhand smoking, even though I don't smoke, I am a secondhand smoker because there are many people who smoke around me, also in school, also inside campus, outside campus, but also in restaurants sometimes.  Being in restaurant is something you want to do, enjoy, enjoy your meal, but when there are people who smokes, and it's something, it makes you feel uncomfortable because you will have to smell the smoke and inhale the smoke even when you are eating, so it's not a good thing for you, because as known by the research, secondhand smoke is actually worse than the firsthand smoking.  While also about the restaurant is that the restaurant is actually open, it's actually a freedom country, it's a republic, so just in the Philippines, it's okay to smoke inside the restaurant, but it's better not to just to think of your health and also think about other people's health.  It's not that you are the one ruling the place all the time.
It is believed that secondhand smokers are more prone to having these diseases such as emphysema, lung cancer, mouth cancer, and the likes.  People who engage in smoking have less possibilities in having these diseases, because their lungs are already trained and have experienced this smoking in their body for a long period of time, so it's people who smokes should respect, should be less selfish and think about others who doesn't want to have these sickness, who are not even smoking, who just got caught because of the people who smokes.  That's why these smoking should stop especially in restaurants.  Not only adults, but also kids are present in these facilities.
In my opinion, it's a no, because many innocent people will be affected by the negative effect of the smoke.  Also, I believe that why allow smoking in a restaurant where people are dining with their family, friends, and especially kids.  Smoking is a matter of public health, not economies.  It's not about business.  Any person sitting in a restaurant should not take the risk of inhaling secondhand smoke and affecting their health.  It may cause plenty of disease like lung problems and cancer that may lead to death, so I recommend smokers smoke at home, not anywhere else.
Personally I strongly agree because they don't know what's the consequences in smoking cigarettes.  They don't know that they might get lung cancer or any type of cancer, but mostly lung cancer, I know somebody who has lung cancer, because they smoked, and they don't know they might have bad breath and they have this nicotine inside their system.  I know it's not just an illness that you can cure, but there are now remedies that may lead that addiction, so I strongly agree that they need to prohibit cigarettes nowadays because they just go ahead and some people do it like...
Smoking occurs in many of our favorite places where we enjoy dining and socializing.  I believe smoking should be banned in all restaurants, because if people are allowed to smoke, then they are forcing people to inhale secondhand smoke which makes it seem as if we are murdering them.  As we are all aware, smoking has many health risks that can be very harmful to us.  It's the leading cause of lung cancer.  It may cause chronic lung disease.  It also increases the risk of heart disease and heart attacks by increasing a person's risk of developing blood clots.  Smoking in restaurants too is not appropriate for you are there to dine and savor the food you are eating, not to smoke and eat.  If smoking is really a person's thing and they can't quit and stop smoking, then they should smoke in a proper place.  A person must show respect to the food and shouldn't just be there and smoke.  It also would discourage the person eating to enjoy his food because of the unwanted smell of the place.  Give respect and consideration to other diners as well and think about the negativity that smoking would cause.  It is very harm...
As you all know, smoking is bad for your health, so it should be banned.  Smoking can cause our lungs to be infected, which may even develop into something more deadly like cancer of the lungs.  There is tobacco and nicotine inside the roll of cigarette.  These are the things people who smoke get addicted to.  These two things are deadly and harmful to our body and brain.  A person who smokes usually dies earlier than someone who doesn't.  Smoking can lead to blood clotting in the brain and blocked arteries.  The government should impose various laws on smoking, smoking in public places should be banned and people caught smoking should be fined.  This should teach the people as it is quite an unexpensive lesson.  Schools are also suggested as a good place to teach about the dangers of smoking.  I suggest that smoking and its ill effect should be made part of the physical education curriculum.  The teacher could show the student some pictures of what a smoker's lungs look like.
I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants.  It is a well known fact that millions of people die every year from certain disease that is called lung cancer.  This is the cause of smoking.  To my mind, smoking in public places, especially in restaurants and cafes, must be banned.  Restaurants are for eating and not for smoking.  Even the Filipino people who do not smoke suffer from fume and smell.  For example, when pregnant woman is smoking, she should understand that her unborn baby in the womb is smoking also.  Moreover, his life can be at risk.  Every year more and more babies are born and ill and even die because of the bad habit of their mothers.  To my mind, smoking in public places...
Yes, I agree because it is very unhealthy, smoking is very bad for everyone's health.  Being in a restaurant and having to smell that smoke while eating is not only disrespectful, but can also take away our appetite.  There are also families eating in a restaurant and cigarette smoking can influence younger people to smoke and it is not nice.  People who have problems in their lungs like asthma need to carry their inhalers just in case smoker pass by.  It is a hassle for a person with a problem in respiratory because he or she will need to hold breath that they will not inhale the smoke of a cigarette, but I think a restaurant should have a smoking area for the customers who want to smoke while they are eating.  Most of the people say that health is the greatest wealth, so I think smoking should be banned in restaurants to take of each other's health.
I totally agree with what the other people are saying that smoking should be banned in restaurants since first of all, smoking is hazardous to our health, and second, with the smoke is inside the restaurant, how will we be able to taste the food properly because when you taste food, our sense of smell had always been involved, how will we be able to enjoy our meal, our dinner if there will be smoke, and it is very inconvenient for other people to smoke inside a restaurant.  Many people would enjoy their meals more if it was clean air they are breathing and not with smoke.  Many people have already...
I believe that smoking shouldn't be banned in the country.  Smoking helps people relieve from their stress and it's a way of leisure for them, and for example, you are really hardworking and you have really stressful day at work, smoking could be a way to remove that stress, and banning cigarettes would cause the people to protest, and...
I agree that smoking should be banned at restaurants.  Not only that, I also agree that smoking should be banned at all public places too, because cigarette smoking is very dangerous to our health as the slogan says in every advertisement introduced in our television sets.  It is because that cigarette smoking can be risky of having lung cancer, not only for the cigarette smoker himself, but also the people around him, so if you are going to put a situation in an enclosed area such as the restaurant, which has small areas and very many walls there, so the smoke will not be able to move freely, because especially if there are only few walls and windows, few windows for it to vent, so the smoke there is not very appetizing at all, and...
I think smoking should be banned in the restaurants, because I am sure that you know that smoking harms your body, then why do we continue smoking.  Maybe we do it, because we haven't really become conscious about all the effects that smoking has.  There are a lot of reasons why we shouldn't smoke.  Some of them are that smoking affects your health, it causes cancer, and it is a major risk for some terrible disease that we know.  We also spend a lot of money on cigarettes, and also when we smoke, we are not respecting ourselves and the people around us.  It is also considered a sin because if you are actually hurting yourself, if you are the one who are causing diseases to yourself, it will actually lead to death, so it is like not expected, and of course, people shouldn't smoke, because...
I disagree in smoking in restaurants because restaurant is not somewhat public place.  You need to respect other person eating, and with smoking, and secondhand smoke, you can harm other people, other than yourself, and smoking in restaurants is bad because it ruins the ambience of the place, and smoking is bad in restaurants because it would affect the eating pleasure of other customers, and secondhand smoking is more dangerous and...
What I am trying to say is that smoking cannot be prohibited.  It can, but it would take a long time, because of the mass all these people who are smoking right now, we can see even soldiers smoking, we can see teenagers smoking, we can see young adults smoking, and also adults smoking, we can even see senior citizens smoking, so it is very hard to actually prohibit this kind of life.  Well, what I think is that health is the main issue in this smoking policy, yes, after we implement this kind of rule, there is no assurance that all the people would stop smoking and it's very hard for...
Well, I would have to say that smoking is bad and I would have to agree that it should be banned in certain establishments, especially when there are minors in the area, because smoking is definitely a bad influence.  It's bad for your health and even bad for the external parties involve.  The statistics say that secondhand smoking is more dangerous than firsthand smoking itself, because there is no filter that the external parties can use to lessen the effects of the chemicals inside cigarette which is very bad for their health and cigarette smoking is considered to be one of very deadly vices in this world.  It can really kill through cancer and all those other diseases, and it can even make you look ugly.  It can even decrease your immune system and even brain function.  It is very bad and it should be banned because people take risks for granted and...
Despite the fact that restaurants will most likely ban smoking, it is inevitable that some customers want to smoke because this can sometimes be their addiction or it is a personal habit.  Customers do have the right to smoke unless the restaurant prohibits it.  If restaurants do ban smoking, some customers may be dissatisfied and get negative feedback from the customers.  These may not be an efficient law or prohibition for restaurants since not all of the people in the society will agree to it.  A lot of smokers actually want to continue, and if they are addicted, it is very difficult for them.
Research concluded or their output is that secondhand smoke causes the same problems as directly smoking, so it doesn't only affect you if you are a smoker, but it also affects other people in the surrounding area.  I think smoking should be really banned on public places such as restaurants so that they can harm other people, and restricting smoking on restaurants will improve the air quality in the establishment, so I think this strategy can attract more people to come to their restaurants because they have good ambience and...
Right now, I would like to give a reason why smoking should be banned in restaurants.  Well, first of all, smoking is bad for your health.  I think it will be a wakeup call for the smokers to like control themselves in smoking so that they will not smoke in restaurants.  Also smoking pollutes the surroundings, so it creates a bad odor for the area.  If smoking is banned in restaurants, I think it will be able to provide more of a greater ambience to the restaurant, and it will help them attract more customers because of the increase in ambience and it will help them increase their sales, because banning smoking in restaurants can help not just in environment, but to help the people self to control themselves.
I disagree because it will be hard for smoking to be banned, because there are lot of people who uses it and it is one of the most marketable products through the country, but there is a certain solution when it comes to some restaurants.  They could separate people who smokes from the customers that doesn't.  Also, when they separate the people who smoke from those who doesn't, it would affect their health against their real [***], and they are not going to be that affected, because they could be placed outside of the restaurants, and those who people rather smoke can...
I 100% agree with the ban of smoking in the restaurant in the country, because smoking itself is a very bad act, and this act can cause many sicknesses like cancers and other illnesses.  Why don't we not smoke?  This is not only caused to the person who is taking a smoke, but also to the secondhand smokers.  It is both disadvantages, so I suggest that is should be better to ban in restaurants in countries and in the world also, and I suggest that maybe cigarettes should be also banned and not to be sold, so there will be no one smoking, because we don't want to take illnesses and sicknesses, so we will just ban it and don't take the smoke or cigarettes, and so I agree with the ban of...
Smoking should be banned in our countries, because it gives out dangerous gases and gives danger to each and every individual.  Smoking also gives out dangerous gases like greenhouse gases, which harms the Earth and burns the ozone layer.  Then, secondly it gives out climate change and climate change is the very harsh weather that people are experiencing, actually abnormal weathers like blizzards and sandstorms, shifts like that, and usually in October in Hong Kong, it's really cold like 18, I mean, 15 to 14 degrees, but today in Hong Kong it's just 21 degrees, 20 degrees, which is...
I firmly agree that smoking should be banned inside restaurants.  Obviously, we are all aware that smoking is bad for our health, but sometimes I was wondering why there are people who like to smoke and why do they get addicted to it despite the fact that it can damage their organs.  Smoking is also known as the main cause of lung cancer.  Each year thousands of people die because of this disease.  It makes lung cancer the common cause of death.  I think people should learn to avoid smoking.  Also some people get annoyed when they smell smoke from cigarettes.  It might disturb them while eating.  It is also not a good practice.  We should immediately ban smoking inside restaurants.  It also causes them to lessen their appetites.  There are people who do not think for the welfares of others while....
Smoking should be completely banned in a public place inside the country because restaurant is a place for the people to eat.  All of us we want our food to be clean, so smoking will have a smoky area inside the restaurant and the cigarette will have smoky dust, so it will dirty our foods, so smoking should be banned inside the restaurants.  Inside a restaurant, people order food and all the food, juices, drinks that they intake will go inside our body.  Our body organ will be damaged if our food intake is dirty, and second smoker is not good also.  If you really want to smoke or you can't stop your smoking, then go to a place where smoking is allowed.
I believe that smoking should be banned in the restaurants because you are endangering others because while they are eating, they are also taking up the smoke that you have exhaled from your body, and through this, the chemicals that you have exhaled from your body can go through theirs and can give them cancer as well.  With this ban of smoking in the restaurants should be done and approved because it doesn't help anyone but it also helps the future to be better...
As I said a while ago, smoking should really be banned all over the country.  However, in restaurants sometimes restaurants allow smokers to use cigarettes inside because they will have more business if they do so and some restaurants, especially bars, really need to allow these smokers inside their vicinity since they will gain more relationship and profit as these smokers want to smoke inside the bars or restaurants.  But overall in the public areas or streets, they should ban these smokers as they affect...
Smoking should be banned completely in restaurants because it is important that people are safe in a restaurant.  A restaurant is not a smoking area.  A restaurant is a place for one or more individuals to eat together.  If they want to smoke, they should smoke outside because when people smoke it is more harmful to the people around them more than the smoker himself.  A cigarette has a self filter for the smoker himself, but for the people around the smoker, they are simply relying on nothing.  They have no filter at all.  It is better if the smoker smokes inside a place or outside where there aren't that much people around so that he wouldn't harm any people from the contents...
More and more countries decide to ban smoking in all public places including restaurants and coffee shops.  First and for most, as we know smoking [***] is harmful not only to person who carry the cigarettes, all the people standing, surrounding this guy will also be affected.  For example, there is always some type of people, and when they decide to have a cigarette, everyone around him has to bear the nicotine from the cigarette, and it is strongly uncomfortable for smoking people to get into a bar or a restaurant with cigarette smoke or for instance, when family with children wants to eat out, they usually do for [***] smoker in order not to have [***] unhealthy smoke.  Finally if smoking was banned, then there would be fewer smokers in our streets...
I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants because first of all it is not healthy and it is really bad for your health, for the smoker and also for the people that they are smoking around.  Secondhand smoke I heard is much worse than firsthand smoke, so not only is the person endangering their own health but also the health of those around them.  Second, it is kind of rude to be smoking around people.  You don't know if they want to smoke or not.  It is kind of rude to be smoking in a restaurant full of people where people can easily get affected with the smoke and everything.  I think that is why smoking should be banned in all restaurants.  There should be like a special place outside where they can smoke rather than smoking inside...
I strongly agree that smoking inside public restaurants should be prohibited or banned all over the country or even all over the world.  First of all, it is a public restaurant meaning it is open for all including the children and the elderly.  If smoking inside the restaurant would be allowed, everyone inside the restaurant will be affected by the smoke emitted from the cigarettes of the smokers.  It can be inhaled by the children and the elderly that can cause serious lung problems and complications for them.  The health of these innocent nonsmokers would be greatly affected.  They wouldn't want to allow smoking inside the restaurants.  They should provide an isolated place for them so that other people inside the restaurants will not be affected.  After all second hand smoking or passive smoking is more dangerous.
I should say many countries prohibit smoking in public places, in my opinion, I agree with that, because I think smoking in public places, especially in restaurants and cafés must be banned.  Restaurants are for eating not smoking.  People who do not smoke, suffer from fume and smell.  The scientists assured that passive smoking is harmful for our health at the same value.  Smoking is affecting our health.  Example – for example, when a pregnant woman is smoking, she should understand that her unborn baby in her womb is smoking also.  In conclusion, I want to say that banning smoking is necessary measure for health of nation.  In my opinion, we have to forbid advertisement of tobacco on mass media, and parents have to explain damage of tobacco to their children.  We all are responsible for future of our generations.  Those countries who had already forbidden smoking in public places had done a big step forward, compared to the countries that are...
