I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants because not only is it bad for their health, but also one cause in our ozone layer.  Banning smoking would encourage people to live a healthy lifestyle.  This is also a way to ensure discipline to the people, so that they will be aware.  Also because the rate of death due to smoking goes higher every year.  Restaurants are places where most family bonding happens, especially on special occasion.  If one table has smokers and the other table with kids and have a smoke, the children might be affected 10 times harsher than the smoker himself since the secondhand smoker is more likely to be affected more.  This is also to prevent unwanted comments from customers of the restaurants to the restaurant managers.  It is also practiced in strict sense, especially those who are conscious of their health.  Like what I said earlier, smoking may be bad, yet it would be a sad way if it...
I think smoking should be banned in restaurants, because there are minors who eat in the restaurants, and we all know the effects of secondhand smoke as well as thirdhand smoke.  I think smoking should be done outdoors so that the smoke can just flow around and not be contained in an area.  We all know the devastating effects of smoking to the people, especially the children.  Children may experience lung cancer.  They may have difficulty in breathing which causes asthma.  I am not really against smoking, but I think smoking should be done outdoors and not in restaurants.  I think it's also a courtesy for people to not smoke in public...
In my opinion, smoking is one of the primary sources of pollution, so people who are surrounded by smokers in restaurants or outside of restaurants are also affected in a way through the secondhand smokes that they inhale, and when they inhale this, they eventually have negative effects.  These smokers may not be aware, but they are contributing to the thinning of the ozone layer, which is the layer that protects us from the ultraviolet rays of the sun.  It brings out a lot of negative effects to the body of the smoker and to the environment it surrounds as well.  I also believe that smoking brings out effects such as cancer in the lungs or towards the lungs and more particularly, it will cause...
Smoking should be banned because it doesn't do anything good for yourself and smoking is bad habit.  You should stop smoking because it would do nothing to you.  It will just simply kill you, and you wouldn't leave longer, so what's the point, and for all the medicine, it should be banned and also all people should be banned from smoking, because it doesn't give any good benefits.  What it does, is it kills you, literally kill you.  Would you rather live shorter or would you rather live longer, so that's the choice that people should make.  Smoking is already banned in some countries so that...
I absolutely agree that smoking must be banned in restaurants, not only in restaurants but also in every place in this world because not only I am an asthmatic person, I really don't like smoking because it really affects my health and smoking is very dangerous for your health according to the commercials also.  It is also not good because some people might have been affected by this, especially the secondhand smokers, and smoking is not - specifically this is...
Yes, I believe that smoking should be prohibited from restaurants because, for example, there are other people in the restaurants who do not smoke.  It is disrespect for them, and if there should be a smoking law or whatever, it should be in a specific area so that there would be no people who don't smoke, so that they will not get affected by the smokers because secondhand smoking is more dangerous than firsthand smoking.  It will affect the health.  If there are babies or children it will affect them greatly, and they will have a hard time breathing, and it will not be a good...
Yes, I agree that smoking should be banned from all colleges because it is a bad habit, it is a waste of money, a waste of life, and other people will be affected.  It is very addictive, and when you are in college, you are supposed to study, not to smoke.  When the students are stressed, they might have this thinking that, hey, I should smoke because I am stressed because smoking can release stress, but for me it should be banned because it is bad for your health.  It will affect your future, and with smoking, you could affect greatly others because secondhand smoking is much more dangerous than firsthand.  If you are just passing by and then there are some people smoking and you get to inhale their smoke, it is much dangerous for you.  It is a waste of money because in college, you are supposed to study.  You are not supposed to waste your parents' money on smoking.  College is already expensive, our parents...
I agree because, for example, take me, I am an asthma – I have an asthma, so for restaurants having – having allowed smoking, it can cause me an asthma attack or it can kill me.  So I – I truly agree that they should ban it because not everybody is a smoker and not everybody reacts to the same with smoking that everybody should be treated with respect.  For the smokers, they can smoke outside the restaurant.  They can do whatever they want as a smoker outside the restaurant but inside the restaurant not everybody inside the restaurant is a smoker, so they have to respect the nonsmokers because we are all the same here.  All – all men are treated equal without having an advantage to one another so smoke...
Yes, I agree that smoking should be banned here because, well, I understand that people have their free will and they can actually do us things but smoking is actually like a sign of indifference because we all know that second-hand smokers meaning when the smoke comes out from the first-hand smoker and then it spreads to the air and then to the nearby people, they don't release it, so it is actually a bad thing for them and so people should stop and be caring towards one another because, yeah, they harm other people because of what they are doing and that's totally bad.  Next thing is the carbon monoxide the smoke producers.  It's bad for the – it's type – type of pollution so it's bad and so therefore it should be banned.  The problem right now is that when we – we don't see the signs of like a disaster or the harm, it...
For me, as a nonsmoking person, I agree that smoking must come – be completely banned for all restaurants in the country or in the Philippines.  Though it is a good business for the Philippines, I believe that it is not only those people who are affected by their doings but also those surrounding them as there is something called the second-hand smoking, others maybe bother they are affected by what they act – what those smokers' actions are and so they shouldn't – they should at least control themselves in a way know their place and not in – in a restaurant filled with food and other more digested things, I believe that – that...
I agree because smoking is bad for our health and another thing is that it is also bad for the environment.  There are lot of people go – get sick because of smoking, most likely the affected part is the lungs where the – where the people breathe.  I am going to – to be part of a government, I like to make a law in smoking will be banned all over the area.  And we all know smoking here in the Philippines is too much and there are lots of people cannot stop smoking because it is already their habit.
Smoking, of course, is absolutely bad for our health.  Smoking is responsible for several diseases such as cancer, long-term respiratory diseases, and heart disease.  In the Philippines, many, many, many men smoke, and as we all know cigarette has nicotine which causes our brain to mal – to malfunction and think more of a relax than rather thinking about stress and smoking is also bad for our health because, as you all know, second-hand smoking is more dangerous than first-hand smoking.  If you breathe the smoke of a cigarette, it will cause you heart problems and cancer.
Like what I said earlier, smoking may be bad, yet it would be sad if we die with cancer.  [***] sense, it is not curable.  Smoker should be responsible and mature enough to be conscious.  The banning of smoking in restaurants all over the world is essential in making this world a better place.  I think that being able to remind people of their health is a good thing, because not only will they be aware, but this might also as well change their way and improve their lifestyle.  There should be discipline to see improvement.  The government may not stop these smokers to buy their cigarettes.  Hopefully, the restaurant signs would be able to help them control their acts and observe their manners.  Restaurants, as I said earlier, are places where family bonding happens, so affecting other families would be really hard for them to accept since they don't know the cause as well as they have lived a healthy lifestyle, so...
I think smoking in restaurants should be banned.  It's common courtesy for people to smoke outdoors, because if they smoke in restaurants, then the chemicals that is excreted by the cigarettes will be contained in the restaurant which can cause a lot of problems.  We all know the bad effects of secondhand smoke and also thirdhand smoke.  I think a lot of kids and a lot of old people may be affected by this.  It may cause lung cancer.  It may also cause asthma, which may be hard for kids who may have dreams of being athletes.  I also think that smoking should be done outdoors.
Smoking brings very bad effects to our body and to other people's bodies. It can cause cancer, and most importantly, it can cause heart problems, and it can cause damages to the teeth, to the skin, to the reproductive systems.  In order to lessen this problem, we must actually let people be aware of its negative effects, because awareness is one step in stopping smoking, and when they are aware of these effects, they can reflect on what they have done, because they may know that smoking is a threat to the environment and especially not only...
Smoking should be banned because it doesn't do anything to us.  It only kills us literally.  Little by little it kills us to our lungs, then it becomes cancer, then we will be shocked knowing that our lives get shorter because of what we are doing.  It should be banned, because it's been on the news all the time that smoking doesn't do anything good to us.  It only gives bad things like we die earlier.  At least from what I have seen, our heart turns color black because of the inhaling of the smoke, because the components of smoke like some kinds of drugs can really affect our mind inhaling in the long basis, so in my opinion that I mean smoke...
I absolutely agree that smoking must be banned in all restaurants, but not only in restaurants, but also in every places in this world, because smoking is very dangerous to our health, especially secondhand smokers, we all know as well as publishing in newspapers, we can see it in news, in televisions, and I am an asthmatic person and I really don't like smokers.  Regarding the smoking in restaurants, it should be banned because some people might be angry with what they are inhaling because if you are smoking, and some people, it really affects our health...
Yes, I believe that smoking should be prohibited from restaurants because restaurants are places wherein families get together to have fun, eat dinner, and talk and spend time.  If ever there are people who are allowed to smoke and the families do not smoke, they will be greatly affected by this.  Secondhand smoking is more dangerous than firsthand smoking, so the people will get affected by the smoke.  If there are children in the room, it will be more dangerous and it will be affecting their heath and their daily life.  There should be a specific area wherein only smokers can stay so that the people who are inside won't get affected by it, yes.
Smoking should be banned from all restaurants because you are in a restaurant, you are supposed to eat, you are not supposed to smoke.  Some restaurants may have a separate place for the nonsmoking customers and the smoking customers, and Fridays, they do have the smoking area and the nonsmoking area.  Maybe if you really want to smoke, you could go to the smoking area, but I prohibit it because you are in a restaurant, you are supposed to eat, you are not supposed to smoke.  A restaurant is an eating place, it is not a smoking place.  There are others places where you could smoke.  That is why you are not supposed to smoke in restaurants.  It will greatly affect others because they might get disturbed that you are smoking and you are inside a restaurant because it will greatly affect them because secondhand smoking is much....
Yes – yes smoking I think that smoking that should be banned in the restaurant because it can kill other people because not everybody is a smoker.  You may not know the other diseases or some other people inside the restaurant, they may have some emphysema, pneumonia, asthma, those kinds of diseases that can cause death with just a little amount of smoke.  They can kill a person right away because not everybody reacts the same with smoking, so smokers can go outside and smoke cigarettes if they want or tobacco.  So they will – they should be respect inside the restaurant before smoking or – it should be completely banned at all.  It depends on the restaurant owners if they will ban it or not or the government will ban all the smoking all over the country so they will have equal rights.
Yes, I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants because, of course, I understand that there is free will and that people can do what they want, but they should also think about the wel – the welfare of the – of the people around them because you all know that second-hand smokers experience most of what the first-hand smokers are doing because once – once the smoke gets inside the body of the second-hand smokers, they do not have a chance to exhale it unlike the first-hand smokers they do, so it actually harms the surrounding people so that's some – that's one point, and other thing is that carbon monoxide is released to the air.  It's a bad thing because it – it pollutes the air and since the earth right now is really like almost broken and dirty and all bad things we can think of banning smoking can actually help even though it's...
For me, as a nonsmoking student, I agree that smoking must be completely banned in all restaurants in the Philippines.  Though, it is a good business for the Philippines, I believe that not only those smokers are affected by their doings but also the other people who are surrounding them.  It also affects the environment of the smokers and so in at least a restaurant where people eat and try to enjoy their – their – their night or day.  I believe that it can also help that if these smokers know their place in a way they can smoke elsewhere and not in a restaurant filled with food that actually can con – smoke can actually contaminate food and affect other people's lives or their health.  They must at least know how to con...
Smoking in restaurant is most likely to be one of the thing that smokers want because they have freedom to do smoking.  Some of the restaurants put smoking area where the smokers can smoke there and the – the nonsmokers can go to a place where – to the place where there is a nonsmoking area and most likely it is air-conditioned.  People tend to smoke likely in the place where nobody is allowed because the...
Well, absolutely smoking is bad for our health and smoking is absolutely bad for restaurants because the vapor inside the restaurant are mixing on the food and we eat the food.  As we all know, the smoke – the smoke of the cig – the – the smoke sticks to the skin or the part of the food during intake and smoking can cause cancer, heart problems and other lung respiratory defects, and these defects will cause the human to die and cigarettes have nicotine which causes the brain to malfunction and think about more relaxation than stress.
