Yes, I agree with this statement that smoking will be – smoking is hazard for health because it's injurious – it is injurious to health, and secondly it can cause many diseases, for example, lung cancer and also mouth cancer.  And the smoking, it can cause death and it can – it can be create area of any person.  If a person smokes – if a person smokes, he will be socially – he will be considered socially bad and corrupt in our society.  And the one more – the one bad cause is that while doing smoking – smoking is the cause of wasting of money and smoking is also bad for health and if a person smokes his age – his age – it is – it is said his age will be decreased and – there are many – there are many also reasons that – there are many also bad effects – 
Smoking is bad itself but doing in a restaurant is too bad because restaurant is a place where we go to eat food and enjoying.  With smoke of cigarette, we can't enjoy our food.  It can also spoil our party too.  Some people addicted to the smoking.  They can't stop themselves for smoking even in the restaurant.  It cause dirty environment in the restaurant.  Restaurant management should restrict smoking.  People should be – not allowed to do smoking at that place because it leads to bad environment.  In the restaurant, all the people come and some of them may have allergic problems from the smoking so at public place smoking should be banned.  Smokers feel proud to be a smoker.  They don't feel hesitation while doing smoking.  They smoke to show they are a class.  If they are smoking at restaurant, they consider it a fashion and they wanted to show that they belongs to an upper class.  Mostly the youngsters are...
Smoking is a bad deed.  It does not only harmful for a person who is used to eat but it is also harmful for other people.  Smoking in restaurant should be avoided.  In this way, a person who does smoking, he exhales the smoke and then other persons around him inhale that smoke.  Smoke – restaurant is a public place and many people come here for enjoyment.  Some people may be – some people may be allergic from the smoke.  It creates problem for them.  In the summer season, restaurants are air conditioner and all the windows and doors are closed.  If a person does – does smoking then it – it might create problem for other people.  It is also against the moral values...
According to my perception, smoking is bad for health anywhere, whatever, wherever in a restaurant or any other place and home.  It is a bad thing and it is injurious to health, and smoking is the largest cause of preventable death in the world.  And according to attending medical news, smokers die 10 years sooner than non-smokers.  It can – smoking can also become – become the cause of many diseases like kidney cancer and mouth cancer, pancreas cancer, and cancer of pharynx and larynx as well.  It can also become the cause of stomach cancer.  It can affect all regions as well and it blurs our ideas and we become more irritated when we...
Well, in my opinion, smoking must be banned in all the restaurants and bars, you know.  It is well known fact that million of people, they die every day from smoking and smoking causes lung cancer as we all know that so many countries, they do prohibit smoking in public places and that's really actually – that's really great.  To my mind, smoking is – smoking in public place – places, especially in restaurants and café, they must be banned.  Restaurants are for eating, right, not for smoking and the restaurant apart from providing a good environment, apart from providing a really good taste and food, they should also con – concentrate on their, you know, customer's health, so smoking they should ban a smoke – smoker.  And the scientist, you know, according to some researches, the scientists are sure that passive smoking is really harmful for our health at the same value and smoking is affected to our health and when – and being a female, I'm really concerned about the women...
Yes, smoking should be banned completely in our country because it is injurious to health.  It does not harm only the smoker but it also harms the people around him.  As we say when we are on the road or we are travelling in – in a bus or in a rickshaw, a smoker sits – sits with us and he irritates us all the way, smoking.  The smoke is injurious to human health.  It causes cancer.  It causes lung cancer, mouth cancer and throat cancer.  Smokers not only damage their own body organs but also they damage the others.  Smoking should be banned because it is – it is wastage of money.  People waste a lot of money on – on cigarettes and other narcotics.  Smoking should be banned throughout the country.
There are many ways to prove – to prove the argument against – against smoking.  Smoking is harmful for health.  It can – it can – it can cause – it can cause many kind of diseases.  For example, it cause mouth cancer.  It – it – it causes chest cancer and after that if a – if a person does smoking, he will be considered to – he is considered to be a bad – bad person in his society or in his community, and doing – doing smoking is also a big wasting of – big wasting of – wastage of money and – and many persons says that smoking is very – smoking is very useful for them because they can increase their mentality, their friendship, but all if – like [***] and doing – doing smoking is a – if a person does smoke, he will be considered for his family, for his community...
The smokers should not to allowed to smoke in the open places.  Youngsters should not allowed to get cigarettes from the shop.  The – the boys do not – the boys smoke openly; they don't hesitate because they consider it fashion.  Proper measures should be taken.  I – I think the government should take strict steps to control over smoking at public places and – and awareness should be given regarding smoking because smoking is harmful.  Smoking should be banned at the public places.  Smoking is bad itself and at doing the public place is not show the good result and it – in the place where we go to eat food and we – we go with our family and for enjoying but with the smoke of cigarettes, we can spoil our whole party to...
Smoking person – the persons who smoke in the restaurant they spoil – not spoil environment but they spoil the mood of any person.  People enjoy their birthday.  They create – smoking people create problems for them and it is not for only harmful their own health but other's health – other health.  It is a person who is smoking, it is too much harmful them and it is also harmful for others.  It is against also the moral values and should not lead to harm for anyone.  It is against our moral values that may create problem for other's mood.  When they come there public place, we should remember and – remember the values and morals and attitudes of this place.  It is – we should behave like a well-educated persons and...
Smoking is very bad for health and it become the cause of many diseases.  It can affect our brain; it can affect our kidney; it can affect our pharynx and larynx, and most of the deaths become because of diseases is one of the biggest cause is smoking and it should be banned in restaurant, in many – and every place in the world.  And we should suggest all the people to beware of the effects of this and it can – it is said they are largest – smoking is largest cause of preventable death in the world and it is also said by medical that smokers die 10 years sooner than non-smokers, and we can – we can...
Well, smoking must be banned in every restaurant and every public place basically restaurants.  They are for eating, they are not for smoking, and when a smoker smokes, he – he not only harms himself but the people around him, right?  So when you go to the restaurant with your family, you have kids, you have some old people, and when you all are non-smokers and a smoker is smoking so the smoke when eventually hits you, when you smell that it may cause several diseases.  Many people they are patient of asthma and they are allergic to smoke so that may – that may you know harm the person sitting next to you.  And according to some researches, smoking, you know, millions of people they die every day just because of what?  Just because of smoking, right?  So yes, it should be banned especially on the public places such as restaurants or family places, so smoking is – smoking is not actually good, right?  It's – there isn't even a single advantage.
I am agree with this point that the smoking should be banned in the restaurant and it should be banned in the whole country because cigarette don't just harm the people who smoke, they also harm the – the people who – who sit near the – the cigarettes and – and breathe in the smoking – the atmosphere, and smoking is a bad habit and it affect the health badly and it should be banned in the restaurant or the public places because the people go to the restaurant for some relaxation, for – for meeting the – the friends and for some – for some – for in searching some happy moment.  If – if – if smoking the – is doing in these places it – it – it is so awful because when smoker do it in such public places as in restaurant toh - then it...
