As a student, I disagree about that part-time job for college student, because even though some college students like me can obtain viable work experience through that part-time job, I still disagree because part-time job could add to my time, and I cannot manage, and it cannot provide the productive use of time for me, and another is, we can say that one of the advantage of having part-time job is learning about management skills or management of time, but I don't think so I'll learn, because when I am studying while I am doing some job, I cannot focus two things at the same time.  I am not good in multitasking, that's why having this part...
For every student in my generation, I think most of us have financial problems, because not all of us are financially stable, and a lot of families have debts.  That's why I think that it's necessary for students to have part-time jobs.  I think part-time jobs will give us experience for future and will teach us how to be more independent.
I agree with the statement that we need to have part-time jobs during college because not everyone is privileged to have money like not everyone can afford to go to school like their parents are not available and so part-time job is really important because it can help the student to help their parents or maybe they are living alone, so they have to work by themselves, and of course, it's part-time job, so it's going to be you can study while you can work.  I think part-time job is really important, so I think like different kinds of countries nowadays they allow part-time jobs for the students in order for them to have a good life standard and to educate themselves.
I agree with the college students having part-time job because it's part of their training for independence and for survival for the future, because it's not for the whole life that college students will be supported by their parents, and so that's sure that they have the wealth.  They are going to have them for the near future, because no one knows what will happen, and it gives us college students the ability to manage their time wisely because having a part-time job is difficult for students especially those who are taking up engineering, law, medicine, because it's really taking – I mean, it sacrifices...
I believe that college students really do have to have job before they start work, because first of all, it's their actual first time out of a place where they aren't being told what to do or like given template or what to do, so who are not specifically or like they are not given a template of how to do things like in a part-time job, they have to learn what to do on their own and they have to apply on their terms, so having a part-time job is really a practice before having actual job, that's why it's better to have experience before going into the actual real world.  Part-time jobs are important because they teach you a lot and it's the...
I believe that college students nowadays should actually have part-time jobs.  Actually in my opinion, it is very much optional.  Some people need to have part-time jobs and some people don't.  For the people who do, it is really beneficial for them, because one, they can earn money and another, they can have great experiences for when they are actually working in the real world.  When they are actually working and doing the jobs that they really want, it really helps them because they know now what to expect, they know all the rules and the details about anything job related.  For those who haven't actually considered having a part-time job, I think that they should start right now, because someday when you will actually have the chance or the opportunity to get a real job, it will be...
I think it's okay for college students to have part-time jobs, and personally I am having a part-time job right now at school.  I do this because I want to support myself and help my mother by having my own allowance by working hard for it.  I am currently a student assistant at school in De La Salle University.  I think it is nice for college students to have part-time jobs so that they will know how important it is to work hard for themselves and how hard it is for their parents to gain the money they give to their children.  It is an eye opener for us students since it gives us the inkling on how we are supposed to work in the future after....
I disagree about having part-time jobs for college students, because I don't think that they will learn to manage their own money when they earn their salary during that part-time job, and I don't think so that they can consume that money at the right time because when another thing is that college students don't have the right things to do about those money that they make it as alcohols, cigarettes, they will try all those things because they have their own money, and another is that they do not form a good work habit, because multitasking while studying is not good for them, because studying while working something and they...
In my generation, most families, especially in third world country like Philippines, most families aren't wealthy and therefore, they cannot afford much like education and most families have financial problems.  They struggle everyday to support their children.  That's why I think that it is necessary for students like me to have part-time jobs, so we will have extra money and experience to prepare us for our future.
I agree with the statement that a part-time job is important for the college students, because really not everyone is privileged and not everyone is supported by their parents, and also if we have part-time jobs, student can work while they can study, so they can work while they can study, which is very important because not everyone can be allowed to study if it's not a part-time job, and it is really important for us to have a part-time job, because some students are not helped by their parents so they have to work individually, so for the students part-time job is really important to support themselves.  There are different kinds of countries that supports part-time job for the student.
College students should have to balance their energy, time, and emotional, because doing a part-time job is really stressful because you know [***] your time for work then you will be left for few hours to study and of course, those who are taking up like courses that are hard like engineering, medicine, law, so those things, it's like killing their body and mind, because doing those jobs then after that you are tired, of course, doing that stuff in your job and going home, your body wants rest, but you still have to go and study and you have to make your mind a lot then fight sleep, that's number one thing.
I think having a job before having an actual job is very important because as a student you are taught your whole life to follow the rules and do certain things in a certain way, so I guess having a part-time job is very important because it's like your first step of being your own person, but at the same time a person of service to someone.  It's really important because it is where you learn, you experience, you take your baby steps into learning whatever you want to apply yourself with.  It is where a person can learn how to be a better first time...
I believe that college students nowadays can have and needs to have part-time jobs.  First of all, there are people that need to have part-time jobs and there are some, who chose not to.  It's actually optional.  For the people who need to have part-time jobs, it is beneficial for them because of the experience they gather, all the details and the knowledge that they gain from having part-time jobs is really important.  It will help them in the future.  For those who decide not to and who are actually thinking of the things that will happen in the real jobs, I guess it won't really help them a lot, but I think that part-time jobs are really important, because you gain experiences and you grow more mature in the act of it, so I believe that college students nowadays should have part-time jobs so that they can mature and so that they will have a lot of experience.
I agree that college students should have part-time jobs because I think it is important for them to realize how hard it is to work for the money that you have right now.  It should teach us how to balance our time, spend money wisely, and think about the difficulties we have in life.  As a college student, I have a part-time right now inside the school, De La Salle University.  I am a lab assistant, and I balance my time between my work and school.  I think the part-time job is important to help us understand the difficulties our parents are having just to send us to a nice school and give us a great education.
