I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned in the country, since smoking is – the general consensus in Singapore is that it should be done in a privacy of the public sphere.  And it has already been really socially constructed that smoking is bad and there are a lot of negative externalities.  But given the very high prices and taxes on cigarettes and cigars and tobacco in Singapore, smoking is generally bad, is discouraged – it's discouraged in Singapore and many people actually look down on smoking. So, when people smoke, people actually do in the privacy, rather very secretly and they don't need to do it openly.  So, I think by banning smoking in Singapore is perfectly fine and it's actually in lieu – well, not in lieu, I think it is actually like in line with social expectations of Singapore society so I believe that banning smoking in Singapore shouldn't be an issue.  But I think it will be an issue when tourists actually come to Singapore because they actually have their own – they bring their own...

First of all, I completely agree that smoking should be banned in all places, except personal homes because as a country like Singapore, we rely a lot on tourism and for tourists to come here and see people smoking, actually that is not very friendly.  Also as per [***] – I exercise a lot and it's really annoying and irritating when sometimes I pass smokers and I inhale secondhand smoke which is not healthy for me.  Also, I feel that people who smoke may not be responsible in just having a cigarette and contribute a lot to the environmental pollution. And finally, secondhand smoke affects not only to smokers themselves but affects all the people around them who – who do not want to smoke.  I feel that smokers should be more caring for the environment, should not smoke around people who do not like to smoke.

I think that smoking has benefits [***] firstly, economic benefits in terms of high taxes that is raised from taxing on these cigarettes, for example, in Singapore.  Singapore earns a large part of its revenue from collecting taxes from all these vices like smoking and alcohol.  So, in a way, smoking will help fund the government projects and in turn it benefits the economy in the long run in terms of these kinds of projects to develop – better develop the infrastructure of Singapore. Secondly, there are negative health effects from smoking in terms of affecting the individual who smokes as well as the people surrounding the individual due to the second – secondhand smoking.  And these effects are not only short – short run, but they also affect them in a long run as it increases your risk of getting lung cancer and it also puts a financial strain on families with these individuals who smoke.

So the question this time was whether smoking should be completely banned.  And in my country there are a lot of different regulations already on which places you can smoke in and which places you can't smoke in.  For example, I think the current regulation is that you cannot smoke when you are within 5 meters from entrances to public places such as shopping malls, bus stops, and the like.  So, already a lot has been done to curb smoking.  Other things – but when you think about it, this pushes people to smoke more in your private place – private locations such as in your homes.  And so this increases the chance of your family members or your children, you know, being exposed to secondhand smoke.  And secondhand smoke, as we all know, is – is very harmful.  There are no benefits from secondhand smoke.  So in that sense I think, yes, smoking should be banned completely to help...

I don't think smoking should be banned from all sections.  It is entirely up to people to decide where they want to smoke and whether they should be involved in the area or not.  If people are smoking in the area, they can leave there if they do not like it.  Although secondhand smoke is harmful to people, there should be some areas allocated to the smokers instead of giving an outright ban on all areas.  Yeah, so this is why the smoking ban should not be entirely blanket – it shouldn't be entirely a blanket ban.  It should be in some areas only, not in all.  Smokers also have rights to smoke where they want to smoke but this cannot be at the cost to nonsmokers.  Yeah, so there must be careful observance of both people's right.

Okay firstly, I couldn't really understand the question.  Okay, as in I understood, but I couldn't really get across why smoking should be completely banned in all law of the country.  So, I'll just focus on smoking should be completely banned in the country.  So basically, I once again agree yet disagree.  So, I'll start with the disagree part. Okay.  I disagree mainly because, firstly, because economy will be affected greatly, okay, because right now there are many, many companies who – who actually sell cigarettes I know.  So, if they actually ban it and these companies stop – stop selling cigarettes, many people will actually lose their jobs.  Also, those addicted to the cigarettes might turn to other drugs that they can get a hold on.  And, a lot of people actually smoke, okay, not in Singapore, for example, in Korea because it's cold.  So yeah, I really don't think – okay, this matter about smoking is a very controversial matter and it's...

I agree with this statement that smoking should be completely banned in the select places since they are health hazards to other people, especially like pregnant ladies and children.  So basically it not only harms the health of the smoker, it also harms outsiders who are not even smoking due to inhalation of second-hand smoke and that is very socially irresponsible I feel. So what they can do is they can maybe smoke in their own homes or else try to cut down on smoking anyway since it has such a negative impact on their health causing cancer and what not.  So, it should not be allowed in such places, seeing that there are so many people who are potentially...

I believe smoking is a very unhealthy habit.  Hence, I believe smoking should be banned in most places.  Second-hand smoke is a very real health hazard and it is very irresponsible for smokers to smoke with nonsmokers around them.  Hence, smoking should be banned.  However, the tax earned from the sale of cigarettes can be used to fund various projects by the government.  This is an important source of revenue for the government.  Hence, smoking should not be completely banned and perhaps it should be advised against with increased taxation as well as anti-smoking campaigns, quit smoke...

I think that smoking should be banned because it is an extremely dangerous health hazard to – to the person smoking and to – other people around the smoker as well.  Smoking predisposes a person to lung cancer, to liver cancer and to basically any other types of cancer because of the carcinogens in the cigarette.  And – and what's worse is that the smoke that they release from their smoking will cause secondhand smoke to other people which is even more detrimental to the people around them.  So, not only are they hurting themselves but they are also hurting other people, which is very unfair for the people around them. Secondly, smoking is very expensive.  In Singapore, the tax on – on cigarettes is very high and smokers can spend up to $50 a week just on smoking and it is...

Yes, I think that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants and other areas, because I think as most people know, secondhand smoke is more dangerous and harmful to health as – as compared to firsthand smoke.  So, the smokers themselves, they have been smoking for many years but they may not see the effects yet, but for those nonsmokers, they suffer a lot more from secondhand smoke.  And it is the responsibility of the government to ensure that the public health is not compromised just for the benefit of the few people who want to smoke.  And I mean, although it's their personal choice and they should have the right to be able to smoke in any places they want, they have to understand that their freedom to smoke is – is also – I mean, they have to consider the freedom of other people to be able to be in these areas with them as well.  So, I think it should really be banned because secondhand smoke is definitely very – a very – is very harmful and if the area has like pregnant woman, there may be – if you don't ban it...

I agree that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants all over the country because I think restaurants are – are a public area and many people can go – can visit the restaurants.  So, it is definitely for the benefit of everyone if smoking is banned in these public areas.  Because as you know, smoking – first smoking – firsthand smoke is not as dangerous as secondhand smoke.  And secondhand smoke is definitely very harmful – very harmful for the people around.  So, the smokers themselves may not experience the most dire effects but those people around them will – will be harmed – will have adverse – it will have adverse effects on them, although they didn't even choose to smoke in the first place. So, I think for – for the benefit of the greater good, smoking should definitely be completely banned in restaurants.  And I think, I mean although it's their freedom to smoke but the – the adverse effects on the people around them is – is very substantial and that's the reason why we should...

I agree that smoking should be banned at all places in the country because, firstly, smoking is harmful for the body and for the individual – not only for the individual who is smoking but also for secondhand smokers who are affected by the smoke that they inhale from smokers.  So, I believe that having the ban at all places in Singapore or any other country is important because especially in this day and age where – where there are many people walking around in public spaces and where the knowledge that no smoking is bad for you has been out there and made aware to people.  I believe that the public should be responsible for their own health as well as other people's health and this would be a – a beneficial – beneficial outcome for – a beneficial – sorry, a beneficial ban for...

I believe that smoking should not be banned in restaurants across the country.  This is because is – smoking is a choice and if the restaurant owners are willing to allow their customers to smoke, I do not see that as a problem.  Smoking – while I do admit that smoking has a lot of – does have detrimental effects on other people's health, it should be up to the choice of the people themselves to decide whether they want to sit near smokers.  Therefore, I believe that there should be restaurants that allow people to smoke.  And if they are willing to accept that people will not patronize them as a result of them allowing smokers to be around, then that will be the risk that they are willing to absorb. I agree that while smoking or having a – or having a problem should not be – it should not be classified as a – as a – as a legal sin.  It should not be ostracized in this manner because again – because there are many people who smoke and to – to – to divide – to drop down on their right like this I feel it's unfair to people who – who are able to manage their smoking carefully.  You know, it is not – they do not intentionally...

Okay.  Firstly, I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because, firstly and foremost, smoking is bad for health.  Apart from just being bad for the smoker's health, the secondhand smoke is the one that is the problem because you are actually inflicting more harm as a result of the secondhand smoke on innocent bystanders or just people who are just around you who are not smoking than you yourself. I feel that smokers should have a certain degree of respect for others around them and if they want to smoke, there are definitely other better places to smoke as such there is bus stops or just at home or just somewhere out in the open where they won't affect as many people.  And they don't need to go to a restaurant to smoke, like a restaurant is meant for other things like eating, dining, meeting with people and it just ruins the mood when you smell cigarette smoke in it, especially while you are eating.  So, I do...

I personally feel that I do not – I – I disagree, but however in the long run I would agree that smoking should be completely banned.  Why – why should – why is it not possible to be completely banned now?  Why do I disagree with that?  Because right now I feel that smokers – it's not very easy for them to be able to quit smoking immediately in a short span of time, so as a society we need to accept this fact and we need to be able to understand how do smokers cope with the habit of smoking.  And that applies to everyone in the smoking society.  I mean, once everyone understands this thing, we can then move on together and then we can probably look into proposing a ban to prevent smoking in anywhere of the country.  And I think this will also benefit the environment in large because smoking...

As a young person in an Asian society in Singapore especially, I find that smoking should be completely banned for the greater good of the society and for the young people.  Now, we have enough diseases to worry about today.  Having one less social problem and one less social ill to worry about will hurt the younger generation who are more susceptible to influences of smoking portrayed on the media, on music videos, on the – on the newspaper, on every social media platform possible, that these young people should be given a chance to live a healthy life and not live in the shadows of their previous generations.  But not just the young generation – younger generation but also people who experience secondhand smoke.  Now, secondhand smoke also affects the quality of life and the quality of life is very important in...

I think that smoking should be banned all across the country because I think that increasingly there are more and more youngsters who actually subscribe to smoking at a very young age.  And I think that all the companies selling cigarettes are actually smoking [***] smoking.  And so as the number of youngsters who increasingly take up smoking, I think it's not only they themselves who suffer themselves but also the people around them.  Secondhand smoking is perhaps even more lethal to the – the people who do not smoke and breathe in secondhand smoke, they suffer more in terms of health.  This also include...

The topic is smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.  I largely agree with this statement except to the extent that it is possible for restaurants to have a smoke – smoking corner in the restaurant.  I have a few reasons for this, firstly, it's recognized all around the world that smoking is very dangerous and unhealthy and in fact in today's newspaper there was a report on – on the – a US court actually ordering a billion damages to a woman whose husband died of lung cancer because of smoking.  Therefore, in order to protect the majority of people who do not smoke, smoking should be banned.  However, some might see that this reeks of paternalism or it's – it's unfair to those who smoke, but I know...

I agree that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants across the country.  I am not personally against smoking.  I believe that smokers do have their rights to – to smoke as well.  My concern is that restaurants are usually air-conditioned.  So, if they smoke inside the restaurant, the smoke smell will – will be in the place for really long.  It will stay at the place for really long because the air is being recycled.  And I believe that it also means that the rest of the restaurant – the restaurant customers, smokers or otherwise, will be exposed to secondhand smoke.  And I believe that it's unfair to these customers, especially the nonsmokers, who have made – who have probably made a conscious decision to not smoke.  So, I believe that if a smoker wants to smoke, they are able to head out of the restaurant or go to somewhere that...

I think that smoking in restaurants should be banned completely.  This is because smoking while eating is not actually a necessity and if they do really need to smoke, they could always excuse themselves to go out of the restaurant and smoke for a while.  When you smoke in a restaurant, you irritate, discomfort other people around you and they don't have to be that way.  Secondhand smoke is very, very harmful.  So as a citizen of a country, we should take care of other people as well.  We should not do that, we should not smoke in restaurants. However, smoking in public should not be banned completely because, after all, smoking is still their choice.  This means that, you know, as free citizens they should be allowed to do whatever they want to do and that includes harming themselves and harming the people around them.  So, smoking should not be – smoking in general should not be banned, but they should be limited to perhaps smoking areas designated.  For example, not near shopping mall or public place entrances, so that they do not...

Now, because smoking is really bad for health for a personal individual and that second – inhaling secondhand smoke would – would definitely be worse for the people around them, I would choose to believe that smoking in restaurants would be a bad thing.  However, I feel that it should not be banned.  I feel that it should be moved to a location where it's less enclosed as restaurants are enclosed areas possibly with women and children, women who are pregnant.  So as such, they should move these smoking areas to outside the restaurant or perhaps have a designated smoking area for – for those who smoke to accommodate and cater for every – every type of customer there, because not everyone would wait patiently doing – doing nothing while waiting for their food in restaurants.  Also, I choose to believe that by banning smoking, it would – it would result in a massive loss in their business and that could affect their profits and such.  So, it...

I think smoking – banning smoking in restaurants in Singapore is actually perfectly fine because it's – it's in line with social, general – general consensus because smoking as it is has got negative externalities and people generally shun smoking as well.  So, by banning smoking in Singapore actually it's – together it is in line with our society's expectations because smoking is generally done in a private circle instead of the public sphere.  So the social construct of smoking is actually very bad as well, and [***] like they actually don't really condone smoking in public places, so banning smoking in Singapore is perfectly fine unless we are talking about where it is because sometimes we are not too sure about whether we can smoke in – smoke in a restaurant, so they might make a big noise.  But I think it's perfectly fine because even in overseas countries, they are also designated smoking areas and non-smoking areas, so just don't smoke during your...

Okay first of all, I completely agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants, because in a country like Singapore, although there are designated areas for smoking for most restaurants, in fact actually I think most restaurants actually ban smoking completely.  For restaurants that permit smoking, there are designated areas for smoking, but even then the smoke – secondhand smoke can travel easily across the air into non-smoking areas and it can get really disturbing for people having a meal and do not want to experience secondhand smoke. Secondly, I feel that the people who smoke in restaurants are not really responsible.  They do not discard their cigarettes well.  They leave them hanging around and it can be rather selfish because it leaves – it belongs – it is this person's duty to clean up the cigarettes and I feel that is a very irresponsible behavior.  Actually, I feel that smoking in restaurants affects not only the crowd but also affects the business of the shop...

I think that smoking has both banes and benefits.  Firstly, talking about the benefits, there are economic benefits to smoking because it allows the government to impose high taxes to raise funds for the governmental projects.  For example in Singapore, high taxes are levied on these vices to raise funds for governmental projects to better develop the country's infrastructure.  These cigarettes are actually priced about 2 to 3 times higher than their original prices when they are imported in.  So in a way, these cigarettes are actually benefitting other projects that the government wishes to finally better develop the country. Secondly, the negative health effect from smoking such as – such as secondhand smoking does not only affect individual but affects those around.  It increases the probability of getting high – of getting lung cancer and this puts a financial strain on families, which ties into many kinds of social effects.  The social effects of smoking...

So, the topic is whether smoking should be banned at restaurants.  And here in my country I think most of the restaurants don't really allow smoking because it seems to give us an impression that it's very liberal, it's very harmful, it's not very clean, it's very shady.  And so I think most restaurants already choose not to allow their patrons to smoke in them.  So, you know, going one step further, to completely ban it from all restaurants I think makes sense and there isn't going to be much harm done.  But that said, you know, smokers, they have their freedom of choice and so if they do want to smoke and if they do want to have a good meal, then there should be some restaurants that do cater for this, otherwise they are going to be eating takeaway all the time. And taxes for example that smokers pay to buy their cigarettes or perhaps they pay to these restaurants that allow them to smoke will definitely help with the business or help with the government and give them more resources that they can then pump into doing more beneficial things, so in that sense no...

No, I don't think smoking should be banned from all restaurants.  I think that smoking – smokers should be allowed to smoke when they want to but they should be careful not to invade other people's area, especially non-smokers, because secondhand smoke is quite dangerous and harmful to people's health, especially in restaurants where it may disturb other patrons.  And so I think there should be an allocated area, a special area for smokers and this will keep it away from the main dining area so that non-smokers and smokers are separated and segregated so that people can enjoy their rights. I think it's important to consider smokers' rights and as well as non-smokers' rights when dealing with this issue – yeah.  So a blanket ban is not entirely...

Okay, just now it was cut off abruptly but I managed to finish the disagree point.  Now be moving on to the agree point, so basically what we all know is that smoking causes health problems such as cancer, respiratory problems, and heart problems, so this is one of the reasons why smoking should be completely banned.  Also, as pregnant smokers, if they are smoking while they are pregnant, they will bring – they will – [***] kids will actually get health problems as well.  Also, it might cause family problems because they will be spending too much due to the addiction, especially in Singapore with the high taxes on cigarettes.  And it's also harmful to neighbors and the surrounding people as they – they will be secondhand smokers and apparently it's worse than normal smoking. Okay, this also – smoking also adds on to global warming, which is really not good because right now the sea levels are really rising so – and plus there are so many smokers in the world, so it's actually causing sea level to rise even more.  And for example, Maldives, is already sinking, so it's –it's a cause...

I feel that – I agree that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants or even in open air eating spaces in Singapore.  Firstly because it is a health hazard to other people seeing that – that the air has no boundaries and secondhand smoke is able to permeate to the whole area and especially – and it is especially hazardous to pregnant ladies and children and it is very – actually that it is very irresponsible for these people – these vulnerable people to suffer when they are not the ones choosing to smoke, yeah.  And secondly, the smell of cigarettes, it's – it is potentially off-putting to other people who are trying to eat.  And you know, even for me, I tend to choke and cough a bit when I – when I get exposed to these smokes from other smokers.

I believe smoking is unhealthy – is a very unhealthy habit.  Secondhand smoke is also a real health hazard, hence it is very irresponsible – irresponsible for smokers to smoke when there are non-smokers around in the restaurant.  However, smoke – smoking is the way to relax and help and help bond people with the same smoking habit, hence it should not be completely banned. Designated smoking areas should be prepared by the restaurants so that smokers can have a common area to smoke.  This will prevent non-smokers from breathing in secondhand smoke, which is hazardous to their health.  Lastly, the taxation earned from the sale of cigarettes can help fund government projects and hence...

I think that smoking should definitely be banned because, first and foremost, smoking is very detrimental to one's health.  It is – it predisposes a person to all types of cancers, especially lung cancer, because of the carcinogens within the cigarette.  And not only do the smokers hurt themselves by smoking, they also – they also hurt other people around them when they smoke because of secondhand smoke, so it is very unfair for the people around them which could be their friends and their family, it is even worse. And secondly, smoking is very expensive.  Smoking – smokers approximately spend up to $15 [***] a week just on cigarettes because the taxes on cigarettes is extremely high in Singapore.  The money spent on cigarettes can be much better much spent on other things that can improve their – improve their quality of living, so smoking...

As I said before, because restaurants are public areas and anyone can go to restaurants.  And I mean, if a pregnant woman goes to restaurants and every restaurant that she goes to, she experiences secondhand smoke because of – because cigarette smoking is not banned, then it can definitely have very adverse effects on her baby.  And I think – and secondhand smoke has been proven to have, like, very significant developmental impacts on infants and that's – and I think for the benefit of other people in the restaurant, it is definitely important that smoking is banned in restaurants.  And other than that, I mean, smoking has been well established as something that is harmful, so I don't think that the public's health should be compromised just for the comfort of a few smokers.  So maybe we can like have an isolated area for them to smoke but not – not like anywhere in a restaurant where they can affect everyone else who is dining in the restaurant.  So I think I definitely agree...

Yeah, I mean this is especially so for people like the pregnant women or maybe people with asthma.  And especially for pregnant women because we all know that the effects of smoking on the infant, on the fetus, on their developmental processes is very significant and it can lead to a lot of developmental problems later in life or maybe at birth even.  So, for the benefit of like – of the pregnant women and their – and the future generations, I think smoking should definitely be banned.  And also for people with asthma, because they have – it might trigger their asthma and asthma can be quite a dangerous condition if the asthma is very severe. So I think just for the benefit of people who smoke – I mean, just for the benefit of people who do not smoke, we should definitely completely ban smoking.  And also if smoking is banned in more areas I think it will – it could also act as a deterrent for people who want to smoke as a discourage – it could discourage people from smoking and I think that's why it's worth thinking...

So, having a ban for smoking at all restaurants would be important because, yes, smoking is bad for you.  And secondly, people are there for – to enjoy food and to bond with one another and I believe that not all people there do appreciate smoker – having smokers in the vicinity while they are having their meals.  And smokers should have a designated separate place where they are able to smoke and to also contain that smoke in that area where non-smokers can go about without being affected by the smoke.  So, in restaurants, yes, all restaurants should have the ban that smoking is not allowed because firstly it's bad for your health and secondly, it affects other people.  So, not all people who go to the restaurants appreciate that – having their health compromised, so yes, I believe that all restaurants should have the ban.

I believe that smoking should not be banned in restaurants across the country.  This is because I feel that we should respect individual rights of people who want to smoke.  I feel that – I feel that smoking while it does cause inconvenience to the people around, it should be – it's never that that's [***] a personal choice.  And people do not intend to harm other people.  As far as I see that restaurants – the restaurants choose to allow smokers to eat in their establishment, they should be willing to absorb the risk that comes with loss of business because customers do not want to sit near smokers. As far as I see that, smoking is a choice and it does cause – and while it does cause unfavorable appearance with other people, it does not have to be something that should be used to ostracize people or marginalize them.  It should be something that they do if want to, and people should understand the risk of when they partake.  And then I feel that – I smoke myself, and I think that...

Firstly, I agree that smoking in restaurants should be completely banned in the entire country.  Firstly, smoking is very bad for the smoker's health.  And worse, secondhand smoke that is emitted from any smoker is – even has a worse impact on innocent bystanders, people who do not actually commit any wrong or is not even involved in the smoking act itself.  Restaurants, they are a very special place.  They are meant for people who wish to meet up with friends, who wish to eat, who wish to probably celebrate a special occasion, and these smokers who just bring in cigarette smoke into restaurants and into people's faces who are trying to eat are just spoiling the mood. Smoking in restaurants should be banned because there are better places for the smokers to smoke at.  There are other places that are designated especially for them and instead of ruining the mood, they should respect people who choose to dine in restaurants and bring their smoke...

If you are referring to banning smoking in restaurants, then I wish to say I agree with that because in the restaurant environment since most restaurants these days are air-conditioned, they are indoors, and diners who wish to have a good and clean environment free of any form of pollution from smoking etcetera, yeah, they will need to have this kind of ban from smoking put in place to ensure that diners will have – will be able to enjoy the meals, will be able to have fun.  And especially when family is dining together, they would not want their food to be accompanied with smoke.  So, I would say that I agree with the most to ban smoking from restaurants.  But if you are talking about a larger context of banning smoking across the country, then that is an entirely different situation to tackle and I feel that...

As a youth in Singapore, in modern Singapore society, I feel that, yes, smoking should be completely banned, not just in restaurants but in the entire society as well.  Now, this may seem unrealistic but I feel that it is something, it is an objective that we should work towards. Now we, as a modern society we have enough diseases to worry about.  Today, there is cancer, there is heart diseases, there are so many things to worry about.  And having one less social ill such as smoking to worry about wouldn't hurt.  And in fact, we will be better off if we wouldn't have to face the problems of smoking.  Now, the younger generations are more susceptible to influences of smoking.  And a restaurant is actually a family place.  it's a place where families hang out.  it's a place where children are.  it's a place where children actually learn habits from the adults, so I feel...

I think that smoking should be banned in all restaurants because most of the restaurants are air-conditioned and a lot of – many of the customers who do not smoke tend to suffer from secondhand smoke if smoking is allowed in a restaurant.  And also, smoking doesn't usually come alone.  Smoking also comes along with drinking alcohol, so I think that smoking should be banned because usually people would like to smoke in groups and then they will start drinking alcohol and all the vices and that might also provide different forms of disturbance for other customers in the restaurant who are – who are actually...

One must also recognize that restaurants are places where both children and adults go to and it's also a place where people are trying to enjoy their meal and have a good conversation that place.  So, because people spend a lot of time in restaurants and these tend to be indoors where the air circulation is not the best and where many times children are also present, it's a good idea for smoking to be banned in the insides of restaurants but maybe to be fair to smokers, to give them the leeway to be outside the restaurant and smoke there where the air circulation is much better and children would not breathe in any secondhand smoke and – or cancerous fumes.  Other reasons why smoking should probably be banned in restaurants is that it may interact in the food as well and I am not – and we are not...

As – as I was saying for question 8, I believe that if smokers want to smoke, they are able to head out to a designated area for example or a place where smokers usually go to smoke, and they don't have to smoke at the restaurants.  So I don't see the banning as a severe curtailing of their rights – human right to do whatever they want, their right to smoke.  If they choose to smoke and they should respect – if they choose to smoke they should respect as well the decision of non-smokers to not smoke or to not take in secondhand smoke especially. So I believe that will be a fair way of going about doing it and therefore I believe that there should be a complete ban on smoking in restaurants so that non-smokers would not be exposed to smoke unnecessarily and I'm sure...

I think that yes, smoking in restaurants should be banned completely.  This is because we are at a restaurant to eat and this includes all the other people, especially the non-smokers.  So as smokers, if they really have to smoke during their meal times, they should go out of the – excuse themselves, go out of the restaurants and just smoke.  Because the other people, they are in the restaurants to eat, not to breathe in the secondhand smoke or whatever because this already happens to the people and it also can cause discomfort and irritation. Furthermore, yeah, for smoking in general however I think that it should not be banned because as citizens of a country, they should be – they have the free choice to choose what they want to do and that includes smoking.  So it should be restricted but not banned, perhaps restricted to places that are far away enough from public places, entrances and in smoking corners where they will not cause discomfort to others...

As a smoker myself, I choose to believe that, yes, smoking is inherently bad for health and that secondhand smoking will be worse for the people around you.  But you also have to understand that by banning smoking in restaurants and such would have adverse effects on businesses.  Restaurants are enclosed areas and they may have women and children, which may – which  may be a very, very difficult thing and to smoke in restaurants would be tough.  But what can be done is to move these smoking areas to outside the restaurant, perhaps have designated smoking areas or perhaps the customers can only smoke outside restaurants, which would make it easier for them so that you can cater to everybody – every single type of customer, smokers and non-smokers alike, which would have a – have a better effect for business as well as it will not compromise the health of fellow patrons of the restaurant and yes, I...

