Okay, I agree as to a person having to find a part-time job for it will be beneficial for him.  Now, why do I say so?  Well, I feel as the person is considering whether he needs a part-time job, he needs to stay there.  He has a certain amount of time, possibly a month or few months in order to do something apart from perhaps studying or finding a real job.  Now, as we know, a part-time job is usually or rather he can really as a precursor of a full-time occupation. And why I think it is very important, it is because having a part-time job – by having a part-time job, you view the experience what it will be like in the future once you start – once you embark on a career in the working world.  Now, experiences, they come in many different forms; for example, you get to see how it is like, for example, to wake up early in the morning and to come back home at the end of the day, so naturally you feel what it is like to spend the entire day out of your house, away from your comfort zone.

I think that having a part-time job is necessary, because in Singapore, college fees are very expensive and most of us do not come from very rich background, so we need the money to pay off our tuition loans.  And so, taking a part-time job can help us release the financial burden of our family.  And by taking a part-time job, we gain more experience in the working world because we get to interact with colleagues, we get to know how a company runs, so I think that is – that will be some form of valuable experience that we get.  So, apart from getting the money we also get the experience from working in a part-time job.  And many people in Singapore actually do part-time job, for example, working as baristas in...

I guess my answer for this question will be yes.  I think it is important for students to have a part-time job mainly because at this age when you are starting tertiary education, you are becoming an adult and then you need to learn how to – like learn how to – learn how to like earn your own expenses, so doing part-time job is a good way to do so.  And I feel that with part-time jobs not only do you get to earn money but you also get to experience what is it like to be – to – to work, so you get no longer shouted from your parents you no longer – have your own pocket money, so you experience the sweat and like the blood as you own money that you earn, so – so that's how you – that's one part.  So, that's one part, that's one part...

I think that it is important for students to have part-time jobs because it teaches them how to be independent.  And this is especially for places where the standard of living is very high and so the cost of living is high.  And this makes things really expensive, which is not good for families and for students if they want to spend money.  I think when students learn how to be independent, they will spend more wisely since the money – it's the money that they earn and they have more – they will – they will learn how to manage their own money better and this independence...

Okay, so with regards to whether or not students should get part-time jobs, I think that it is very difficult to say, and it depends on the individual because for the case of students who will take up part-time jobs, it is very good because it encourages them to become more independent and at the same time they learn to rely more on themselves instead of their family members.  You know, some of my friends, they don't take allowance from their – they don't take money from their parents anymore and they are actually able to support themselves and in that sense it's part of growing up and becoming an adult and taking responsibility for yourself and that – that is very good. On the other hand, we also need to understand that students need, you know, some student life in the sense that they need to juggle their academics, they need to juggle their co-curricular activities and by having a part-time job, it may actually affect the amount of time they have on their other activity...

Okay, I feel that students should get part-time jobs because firstly, it encourages them to become independent individuals, especially because you know they are entering university and they have the ability to support themselves if they wanted to, and also this is the first step towards adulthood.  And by not, you know, taking money from their parents after their parents have raised them for 20 over years, it is a very good time for them to step up and take charge of their financial capabilities. On the other hand as a student, student life can be very busy and students need to study, they need to juggle their social life and all that, so it can be quite difficult, especially if they take up a part-time time job and they want to join the school curriculum.  So in that sense I think it depends on the student whether or not the students are able to juggle with the workload.  And if they are not able to do so, maybe it is better that they focus just on study instead because as...

I think that for home science students it's okay to have a part-time job but only if you can manage your priorities well because the main objective of being a student is to study well and to later go – to later find a good job and to contribute in other more significant ways.  So, I think that a student can have a part-time job but only if he can manage his time well; if not, then I think it's unnecessary if the person doesn't need the extra income.  And I think that the selection of the job is important also.  If it is relevant to your studies, then it would be good but if it is not, then...

I do not really agree that a part-time student should actually have – I mean a student – a college student should actually have a part-time job, because I think it really will affect your academic results and stuff.  Because especially when you are really so packed with all your studies and then all your different kind of, like, work and tutorials and like lectures and they you are already so packed to the end of the week, so in such a way he is very tiring and he just want you to actually pick up another part-time job and then after your school, you just have to rush off to actually do for your part-time job.  So I think it's really very – is not too good for – and it usually have impact on your academic results.  And especially if you are already so tired and you can't really do a tutorial or come prepare for lectures.  And if you actually have tests or exams, then it's going to be really tedious because you have to juggle both, your studies as well as your part-time job as well.  But it really depends because if your part-time job is like maybe being a part-time tutor and it's not like a regular basis, you have to do it like once a week or twice a week, then I think it's really not that bad because...

I don't think that college students should take a part-time job because they should focus on studying.  Even though the – even though the – the – even – even though the standard of living is very high in Singapore, I think that parents should provide enough money for the students to – for the students' pocket money and transportation fees.  By taking on a part-time job, they will not be able to concentrate on their studies and be distracted.  They will also – they will also...

I think that for a college student especially to get a part-time job, it's important because it allows him to get work experience.  Being in a very sheltered environment in school, sometimes we are not exposed to what actually the working world is like in terms of handling people, politics, how to work in an organization, so which is why I think a part-time job is useful.  It allows us to get the working experience in terms of dealing with people.  Furthermore, when we have a part-time job, you are able to learn exactly how do you apply the theories that you have learned in school – to school – to work because textbook is always just theory based, so you need to learn how to handle outside application to do that – to – to...

I think that – I think that it really depends on the type of job that you do and how long you spend on your part-time job.  For example, if you are being a waiter and, let's say, you are studying engineering, then perhaps whatever you – whatever you learn in school may not be applicable to whatever they are doing on the job.  However, if you are doing a telemarketing job and your major is perhaps in communications, then perhaps there is more relevancy in the job that you take up.  It also depends on how long you spend on a job, so if you are spending once or twice a week, then it is okay but if you are spending 4 to 5 days a week and it's affecting your...

I agree with the statement that we should actually take up part-time jobs because having a part-time job, it partly gives you money, so you actually have money to support yourself during college and you – and because college isn't very cheap in the first place, so I think it's important to have some financial help based on those part-time jobs.  At the same time, it is very important to gain experience in working.  For instance, like, if in future after you graduate from college, you have to go for interviews, you have to go for like – and really interviews where people will – all the judges will actually look out for experience.  And when you look at part-time jobs, they will actually give you a good exposure to work life, so you at least have a – have a general image, general idea of how working life is about.

I disagree with the statement because being in a part-time job means that the student has actually – he is going to actually devote some of his time to studying away – some of his time away from studying to the job and this could actually result in him neglecting the studies which is actually not a very good thing and could adversely affect his grades.  And besides that, having a job means that he has to be responsible for the job and it actually adds on to his stress.  Besides academics – academic stress, you also have this job-related stress which is actually unhealthy for his development and could actually also adversely affect his grades.  And besides that, being...

I think most people will agree with this statement because they feel that, you know, part-time – working part-time will actually inculcate responsibility and discipline in students to prepare them for the working world.  And people who disagree with the statement will say that, you know, this is a time not to be working but for students to actually enjoy the time and enjoy living life and exploring the cultures. For me, I actually disagree with the statement because I feel that there are other avenues, other platforms for students to actually take on, you know, responsibility and also discipline, you know, whether it be to working – doing the household chores or even living on – living alone, doing one's laundry, I feel that all these things help.  And especially being from the army, I think that has helped because I feel that, you know, right now when we are students, we should be given a time for discovery and for, you know, for exploration.

Okay, I believe that college students – students that are aged between 16 to around 20 years old, so I agree with the statement that college students – it is important for college students to have a part-time job because a part-time job has many benefits to them.  So, for example, the first – the first and foremost most important reason for a part-time job is to earn money.  And this money, although it is not a lot, not as much as a full-time job, it can help.  This amount can help to finance their education, like for their tuition fees, university fees, or some other fees like general exam or other lessons that they take outside.  This would lessen the load of their parents.  And secondly, they can – the college students can also...

I agree only to a certain extent that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  The condition that I agree upon is if the college student have the time to go get a part-time job and is able to manage the time well between his or her academy and the part-time job.  Why I agree is because that I feel that it will give the student a sense of financial independence so that they do not rely on their parents for money and it will provide them with some working experience that will probably benefit them in the future when they go out into the workforce.  However, because as a student a lot of money has been put in by our parents for our college fees, so I feel that the most important responsibility as a college student is first to manage well our academics.  If not, I feel that it will be a waste of our...

I think it's important for college students to have a part-time job outside because it gives them a glimpse of the outside world.  It is especially so if college students are able to juggle both, their studies as well as their jobs outside.  Just – nowadays people actually look for soft skills in a person and I don't think college itself will provide necessary skills for our students to flourish in the outside world. So I believe that part-time jobs can actually enhance students' soft skills such as communication or just a basic glimpse into the outside world.  So, I think some part-time jobs that are available will be for the student studying, especially if – for me in psychology, I would like to have an insight into what real-life psychologists actually do, or maybe if I am studying business management, I will be able to intern or work in...

I disagree with the argument that it is important for college students to have a part-time job as I believe that college students should focus their time on studying for their future job.  The part-time job may interfere with their ability to study, to pay attention, and to relax at the same time. However, some people may – may argue that it is important for college students to start having work experience early from even when they are studying as this will prepare them for their future working life.  However, this needs a delicate balance as the time that – as the time that is required for students to study nowadays is getting longer and longer and students have a limited amount of time.  For example, the curriculum is getting more and more intensive and students may not be able to have the necessary freedom and time to finish studying...

I agree with the statement that college students are to take a part-time job during their period of education.  Firstly, the cost of education around the world is rising.  Let's take for example the case of Singapore.  Every year the rates for universities – university fees actually goes up every year.  So in view of the rising cost of education in my country, Singapore, I find that it is essential that students actually take up a part-time job to earn at least – stable your income so as to supplement the cost of education in addition to that which is provided by their parents. So secondly, majority of students actually don't pursue postgraduate studies upon graduation.  Hence, after they appear in college, they will actually transition straight into the workforce.  So, taking a part-time job actually helps them to gain relevant experience, prepare for life in the...

I agree that students should have a part-time job because firstly it – it offers students experience that college cannot give.  For example, you can learn interaction, social interaction skills with colleagues and – and your employers and also it helps – helps students care for them for their future and by having all these real-life workings skills they can have a better – they are more better prepared for – to enter the workforce, but whether or not it has to be a part...

I feel it's important for college students today to have a part-time job because of two reasons.  Firstly, they will be able to learn soft skills during the part-time job when they are in interaction with people and this will help a lot in school because you are in involved in a lot of project works which require interpersonal communication.  And many times, especially as our humanities or our students are required to make presentations or write papers.  And good practice of communication will allow students to be able to have the thought flow more constantly.  And being able to interact with people on a personal level is useful whether on a school level, on a family level or in the future when they graduate and go out to work. Secondly, a part-time job also gives the...

Whether it's important for college students to have a part-time job, I feel it would depend on circumstances.  Overall, for the general college student population, I do not feel that it's important for college students to have part-time jobs as the priority is to study.  However, for some – for some students, having a part-time job would help generate some income.  This is helpful as the expenditure in college or university is rather high, we would not want to always depend on parents.  So as such, many of my friends give tuition as it gives good money and the hours taken for each session is not really long.  However, I feel that it's good for students to have part-time job during the summer vacation as...

Okay, I think students nowadays, they should have a part-time job.  I think it is good for them to have a part-time job because like cost of living in Singapore is so high and a lot of students actually have like side jobs while they study.  I have a lot of friends who do that, and personally I do that also.  Cost of living is really high, so like you have a part-time job like to – like ease the burden on your parents because like it is really hard – like the money they earn might not be enough or they are, like, struggling to make a living.  And, like, students usually like have a part-time job to, like, pay for, like, their extra things like their clothes and their food.  Yeah, and I have a part-time job also like waitressing.  This job is like a lot...

I'll actually agree that having a part-time job for undergraduate college students is useful and important, reasons being firstly, having a part-time job would mean that students get to see a glimpse of what working life is like.  They get to experience how it's like to earn their own money and not just depend on their parents for financial aid.  This will allow them to be more independent and it will help them to – to be able to build their working relation skills with others and it also helps them to get a new perspective and idea of what they want to do in the future for their own life, whether the part-time job is something that they really want to pursue...

I agree with the statement that students should find part-time jobs while they are studying, and why I agree is because I think there are several benefit to this.  Firstly, it teaches our students time management.  As for myself, I have done this before.  I have worked part-time while studying before and I know how difficult it is to put in 100% in both, the work place and the school place.  So to be honest, it – it also gives a great sense of achievement when you have done both well.  Also, another benefit is that you start learning how to be independent because in Singapore most – most parents would, you know, provide an allowance for their children, maybe other than [***] to university at least...

I think it's pretty good for college students to have a part-time job because it allows them – it gives them more exposure to the real world in terms of gaining like soft and hard skills like interpersonal skills or presentation skills and meeting a wide variety of people.  However, in general for these skills, I am sure there are other opportunities to hone and develop all these personal skills.  For example, the student could consider joining other co-curricular activities and taking up perhaps leadership positions or he could also consider joining an internship which gives him a more in-depth view into the company or the – or the work that he wants – he or she wants to do in the future.  And well, there are many other opportunities available.  It doesn't have to be limited to part-time jobs only because what if the student isn't able to manage and balance well his part-time job and has...

I personally disagree with the statement because I believe that all college students should be focused on their studies primarily, because that is their role as college students.  I feel that college students have enough on their hands already with attending lectures and tutorials and completing assignments and doing group projects and also to balance all – all their studies out with a good campus life.  I believe that all these factors would take up quite a bit of time already and that adding the burden of a part-time job might be too strenuous. However, it is important to understand the reason why some people take up part-time jobs as well.  For example, some people would need the extra money to pay for their tuition fees or to pay for other living expenses.  So, in these cases taking a part-time job is a little bit more important and more justified.  However, all in all, I still disagree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job...

Well, to a certain extent I agree with the statement because nowadays many students can't afford to go to college and – and currently because of globalization, students are able to travel around within their studies, and all this takes money.  So if – if a student does not do any part-time job and solely depend on their parents for allowance or even expenditure to go overseas, then it would be quite taxing for the parents, especially when they have more than one children.  Well, but then again, as students our main priority should be studying.  So, having a part-time job actually distracts the students from whatever they are supposed to do properly and it might not be the best course of action for a student who is having examinations or even any other important test – test – taking any important tests...

Okay, I disagree that college students should take up a part-time job because firstly, college students need to focus on their – I believe that college students need to focus on their studies, and working will distract them from doing so.  Secondly, the short-term monetary benefits that part-time work gives them do not outweigh the long-term benefits that they could have achieved.  If they focus on their studies and get a good job and get a good – yeah, studies, get a good job and get a pay raise that can – that is higher. Secondly, working also takes up time and energy and it's not easy nowadays to study around the world, be it especially in Singapore.  And like working would take up this time and energy which could have been better dedicated to studies – like the opportunity cost of working is not like – the opportunity cost of working being time dedicated to studies is not...

I agree as to a person having to find a part-time job of it being beneficial to him or her.  I mean after all when a person is deciding whether to embark on a part-time job, he has a certain amount of free time to carry out the activity possibly in the middle of his studies or before finding a real full-time job. Now, having a part-time job will be beneficial because it is a precursor to a full occupation that one would have when he begins his careers in the working world.  Now, he would gain many valuable experiences in many different domains.  For example, he would be able to pursue his interest through his part-time job and to come to a conclusion if this is something, if this is an interest that he would pursue in the near future. Furthermore, he would have the experience of working with others and that – and that too would be a very valuable lesson for him because he will now what it means to, for example, exhibit certain qualities like team work and understanding as well as forgiveness when he is able to be put in the situations and others and having to have a...

I think it is important to have a part-time job because given the situation in Singapore is actually – tuition fees are actually expensive and we need the money, okay, to pay for the expensive tuition fees.  And so, working a part-time job can actually relieve some financial burden especially from people who do not come from very high income families.  Working part-time job can also give you more experience because it is – you are stepping into the workforce and then people – you are able to interact with people and you are able to learn the ropes, okay, of doing your job properly.  And so I think apart from monetary gains, you also get some of valuable experience.  An example for part-time job includes working as baristas at Starbucks, or in Singapore we like to give tuition to school-going children.

So, first, yes I will agree that you have to do a part-time job because you earn money and also you learn how to – you learn different experiences and also because of – because that you earn your own money, you learn how to budget more.  So, you will learn how to not – you learn how to be more spendthrift and not to be – I mean you don't have to be more thrifty I mean and learn not to – and learn not to spend on.  And also you learn how to manage your time well because if they juggle studies and work at the same time and I think this is an important skill, especially when you graduate and go to the working as the next thing.  Also it teaches us skills that we can't actually learn from the school like relationship – management relationships or like working in a team.  Or like, you know, how to handle customers, I think that's really important.  And yeah [***] that it can be transferable from job to job, doesn't mean that it's necessary only in one kind of a job...

I think that students should have part-time jobs when they are in college because it helps them to support themselves and earn extra money for their own spending instead of relying on their parents for money and also because this will help them to learn like core skills that will be useful in the future such as learning how to even clean up after themselves or learning how to get along with the peers which will benefit them in the future when they start working after they graduate.  And this will make it better and easier for them to adapt to working life after they graduate from college, which is a good thing.  Some people may say that students should focus on studying which is...

I think that it is true that students should get part-time jobs because it actually encourages them to become more independent individuals who are responsible for themselves [***] they are friendly at the university, they are able to experience adulthood.  So, it is good in a sense that they are able to be more conscientious of what they spend on and they are able to more responsible for their all purchases. But, on the other hand, we also need to acknowledge that a lot of students, their priority is study.  So, when you take on part-time jobs, you might not have time to study and at the same time we do know that student life is very important to character development.  So, in terms of joining co-curricular activities like netball, sports, clubs, societies, these are very important to developing the person – the student's character itself.  And so when you take on part-time jobs, you might not be able to juggle with...

Okay, I agree that students should get a part-time job, but I also think that it depends on the individual.  So, for example, students, like, in the university, it's time that they step up and take charge of their financial capabilities as [***] their parents have raised them for so many years.  And at the same time, it encourages them to become – take one step forward towards adulthood and be able to earn money for themselves and become more independent, responsible individuals and they will also go in the process. But at the same time, they must also acknowledge that students, they have a lot of priority – actually they have a lot of things to do like for instance joining CCA activities, making friends and all that.  And so, if they are not able to handle everything very well, then it might be difficult and a student's priority should remain that of studying.  So, if a student is not able to cope with a part-time job, then maybe it's better that working can be done in the later years and for now the students should focus on...

Like I said earlier, it will be good for students to get a part-time job only if they can cope with the commitment and the time taken and I think that the relevance of the part-time job today to the scope of their studies is good because it can accumulate experiences that will help them to find more relevant jobs in the future and I think that it's important for students just focus on studying and to have time for other activities like going out and resting and stuff.  That will not be as possible in the future if a full-time job, so...

It may not be that bad especially if you – you can pick up a part-time job.  Actually it's okay but it's not exactly necessary, but especially okay.  Especially if your part-time job is like being a tutor [***] previously and also like if the part-time job is actually less relaxed, is more relaxed I mean and not as tedious like you would have to be like for waitress or anything that's actually very tedious in the service industry but something that's actually more relaxed and it's actually okay for a student to take, but it's not necessary, it's not a must for students. For core [***] student they should take a part-time job because as mentioned previously you actually have the impact on your academic grades and also be very tedious for you as a student to actual juggle both your jobs – both the jobs and also your academics, and with all your schools.  And especially when you have [***] in school that you have your all CCs [***] apart from your academic stuff, like you have other commitments.  And yeah so it's definitely not necessary.  But of – of course there are families who actually not that well to do and then this might be necessary for them because they have to pay their own school fees especially...

College students shouldn't work because they should concentrate on studying instead of – instead of thinking of how to earn money.  Parents should provide them with sufficient pocket money and transportation fees to suffice their living in – while studying in college.  Be working while studying is not good as they will be distracted and they won't be able to concentrate.  However, they – if they have a good time management, it is easy – it will be pretty easy for you to work and...

Nevertheless with – sometimes instead of doing part-time jobs you can actually do other things that which are useful for your life experiences.  The first thing that is that you could do traveling.  So, with travelling you are able to see experiences beyond your country because when you work you are just dealing with people of, in a sense, the same nationality.  So, when you travel, you are able to experience what other people or other cultures really think and that will really broaden your mindset. And also, the next thing is that with part-time jobs just definitely you will sacrifice your family relationships and your friend relationships, and these relationships may be more important than the experience sometimes when actually when you are feeling down or in a low – low point of your life, these are the people who will come in and help you to carry on with your life.  So, if you have been two minded for the past 10-20 years, without the family relationship to support you when your work life disappears...

I think that it really depends on how – how long you spend on the job and the nature of the job.  For example, if you are an engineering student and you are working as a waiter, then the skills that you learn may not be applicable in your job.  However, if you are a communications student and you are working as a telemarketer or an online surveyor, then perhaps whatever your learn would be more applicable. It also depends on how long you spend on the job.  So, if you are spending 1 to 2 days a week on the weekends, then it's okay, but if you are spending 5 days a week and it's affecting your studies, then it may not be as applicable – advisable for you to do that.  And also depends on what's your purpose of studying.  If you are doing to just earn extra money, then it's okay.  But if you are having trouble coping with the finances, then perhaps you should talk to the school – school financial counselor or apply for some financial services or some...

I agree with the point that we should actually have part-time jobs while we are in college because firstly it gives financial stability and we are actually able to earn money, right, with part-time jobs.  So, when you are in college you actually have some, like, fees and money to go through your college, all your expenses; and at the same time, it is important that part-time job for the experience because in work – working life, interviewers actually look out for experience while – while you go for interviews.  So, when they know that you do have some experience in doing part-time jobs such as like giving tuition, being promoters, it actually like brings up your skills and you actually have self-skills after learning and going through the part-time jobs.  So, in the workplace I think they might be looking out for such experiences and at the same time you yourself, you will have a general direction and idea on how working life is and you wouldn't be very – like blurred about the entire...

I disagree with the statement.  First, having a part-time job actually results in the students devoting less time for study and hence it will adversely affect his grades.  Besides that, being – having a part-time job means the student has to be responsible for the job.  And actually to do the job well, he has to actually be devoted to the job as well and this is actually – this actually generate more stress for him in the course of study and also at the same time adversely affect his grades.  However, having a job could also relieve his financial burdens.  As we know, the tuition fees of university are very expensive.  Having a part-time job will actually help him or her to actually alleviate the financial stress and...

So, I think those who agree with the statement would say that, you know, part-time – working part-time will actually help to inculcate discipline and responsibility or those who disagree will say that this is the time to have fun and enjoy and they should not be working before going out into the working world.  I particularly subscribe to the disagreeing statement because I feel that there are other ways to inculcate discipline and responsibility which is, you know, do household chores and even living on ones – on oneself – on your own. Particularly, I feel that, you know, in this time before students go out to work, they should be given time to explore their interest and to discover what their true passion is and their calling is about before actually launching themselves into the working world.  Of course, if you have – if those who have an idea of what they want to do, I think working part-time in specific areas which they want – they are – they are sure to go into will be helpful for their further development.

For part-time jobs, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because firstly they can earn money; and secondly, they can gain a lot of useful experience for their future.  For example, if they are – if they get a part-time job as a waiter or waitress, they get to see many people from all over from – from – from many backgrounds every day when they serve their customers. So, they get to learn how to interact with people and they get to see how do people act when in different occasions.  So for me, in the past I took up a part-time when I was 16 years old when I just finished the O level, levels.  So, it was a retail assistant job and I had to literally almost stand 12 hours a day just to serve customers and...

As I mentioned before that our parents have put in a lot of money into our college fees.  So, I say that it would defeat the purpose that if we were to neglect our talent just to make sure – just so that we get a part-time job to earn more money for our own allowance and probably to save up to pay off our college debt and I feel that, like, it is important that the person is able to manage well because I do have friends that are doing part-time job at the moment, but most of them are use – usually just do like tuition job because it takes least amount of time, like 1 week.  For a week we just have to tutor a kid for 2 hours and we probably get maybe $25 to $30 per hour.  On the other hand, as compared to like waitressing at a cafe and earning only $6 a hour for long shifts.  I personally do not have a part-time job because I feel that I cannot manage my time apart from the commitments that I have other than my academics because I am currently...

As I said, I think it is important for students to have a part-time job outside because it gives them a glimpse of the outside world and I have seen many of my friends, internal work at different organizations and they come up – they come back with really interesting facts about the outside world which I think is not possible to be retrieved in the school.  And also, having a part-time job actually allows us to learn how to have better time management, because you have to juggle both your studies and jobs. So, actually I think this will be good for real life in the future when we have more demand from outside world and maybe family commitments as we age.  Besides that, I think part-time jobs also allows us to manage our finances more carefully and we can also better juggle our monitory issues instead of fixing all these issues when we step into the world, outside world working industry right after we graduate...

As before, I disagree that students – college students should have a part-time job.  This is because with the – with the increasing amount of curriculum that students are expected to learn nowadays, they simply do not have enough time to properly balance a part-time job as well as their studies.  However, there may be some people who will argue that it is important for college students to start having work experience early as this will prepare them for their working life next time.  However, this requires a very delicate balance between work and study so as not to disrupt either.  For example, if they – if they attribute too much time for their work, they may neglect their studies.  And similarly, if they emphasize too much on studies, they may not do well at their part-time job and may end up getting fired which will arguably be more detrimental to their resume than not having more experience at...

As I was mentioning, students can gain a lot of experience like they get a part-time during that period of college education.  Moreover, a lot of employers actually don't require students to apply theoretical knowledge that they have learned during college.  So, it is even more vital that they pick up part-time jobs during college so as to ease their condition into the workforce.  And lastly, taking up part-time jobs in college actually helps them to prepare for life in the workforce compared to what they experienced during college in – during their school days.  And as a member of workforce, the experience is very much different.  So, taking up a part-time job will actually allow them to bridge that gap between schooling and education, therefore facilitating their transition into the workforce and making the experience more manageable and less traumatic, I will say.

So. I agree that college students should have a part-time job, mostly it offers them experience that college cannot offer.  For example, you will gain experiential skills, learn to interact with colleagues and employers and also part-time job helps transform these students for their future.  It better equips them with – practical skills that can help them.  I mean, they can prepare them for their future career so that they are particularly – mentally prepared for the workforce.  This is for the part-time – whether or not it has to be a part-time job does not...

I feel that it's important for college students to have a part-time job because of two reasons.  Firstly, because of the skills that they are able to pick up at a part-time job, especially communication skills when they get into contact with lot of different kind of people.  So, firstly, this will help them in school because they will meet different types of personalities, especially during project works or just in daily life and this will also help them anchor the thoughts when they are communicating, say, to the professors or to the class during presentations.  Besides such – such communication skills also come in really useful when they go out to work after graduation. Secondly, part-time job also gives students a certain degree of financial independence so that they don't have to burden their family so much when they are – when they are studying because college education doesn't come cheap and living expenses can end up quite high if you consider...

Umm, whether it is important for college students to have part-time jobs would depend on the circumstances.  However, some might argue that it is important for college students to have part-time jobs because of the financial situations that these students are in.  However – however, in much of – in many of the universities or even for anywhere, there are financial loans for these students to help – to – to – to apply for so that they would able to – they will be able to concentrate on their academics.  Overall, for the general college student population, I do not think that it is important for students to study as the priority of students is their academics.  However, for some students, having a part-time job will help to generate income.  That expenditure in university is rather high as there are a lot of meet ups, a lot of dinners and...

Okay, I think students should have a part-time job.  it's good for them to have a part-time job because like it eases the burden of their parents and I personally have a part-time job.  Although it doesn't pay much and my family, although they are – we are comfortable with, like, my parents' salary, I still take on the part-time job because I feel that when I spend money, I feel as guilty like the cost of living is really high, buying food and like food costs a lot of these day and like students have a lot of wants and needs.  So, having a part-time job can satisfy these wants and needs.  So and not take – like taking money from our parents and I will feel better about it.  Yeah, and most students have part-time jobs also, yeah like, but most of them, like, their parents are not earning like...

Other than the abovementioned where students can get to have a new perspective of life and a new perspective of what they want to do in life, a part-time job will also be able to help them to solidify what they really want to do, what their dreams really are, and it also helps them earn pocket money, especially for families where their parents are not able to support them financially. But, while these are the good points of having a part-time job, there are also the negative side of having a part-time job is students are not able to manage their time well because they have to balance between school and work.  So, it will be important and crucial for students to be able to have good time management skills in order to ensure that the part-time job isn't detrimental to their studies...

Yes, I agree with the statement that students should have part-time job.  Number one, the benefit is that students will learn time management because it is not easy balancing both, a job and full-time schooling.  Number two, students, youth in general, would learn to become more independent and be financially stable on their own or rather as much as they can anyway.  Thirdly, it is – it will teach students soft skills that cannot be found in the classroom such as communication skills, such as workplace politics which is very important because, you know, no – no worker works alone.  And also softly [***], it is another source of income that frankly just takes away burden from your parent.  I mean, they have already given us so much so, you know, if you can help to reduce their responsibility, to reduce their load...

I mean, it's pretty good for college students to have a job because it allows them, it gives them more exposure to the outside world and also it allows them to develop and hone their skills as a person.  But, however, if they are unable to manage both the part-time job and their studies at the same time, I think one of which will suffer, then again there will be other opportunities other than the part-time job for the student to develop and own her skills as a person. For example, in school there is a lot of opportunities given to develop his skills; for example, like joining co-curricular activities and, say, leadership positions etcetera.  And I think it will give them more exposure to society at large and how people usually go about their daily activities.  And also, I think that student could try an internship to gain a more in-depth understand of the real world and also to see whether the job scope that he is in, is it – whether he is truly interested in the job scope that has looking for as well as...

I disagree to the statements because I believe that college students have a primary role and that role is to be focused and to be 100% concentrating on their studies and on their respective other involvements or – or activities in terms of their campus life.  I feel that the burden of a part-time job might be too strenuous for students to – to take on because they have many, many things vying for their attention already in terms of attending lectures and tutorials, doing up assignments, project works etcetera, and also for those students who are involved in co-curricular activities or other involvements in campus life, taking on an extra burden of a part-time job might be just too much.  However, some students would require more money to pay for tuition fees or to pay other living expenses.  So in these cases, these students might see the need to really take on a part-time job and in this case I believe that...

So, for college students to actually take up part-time jobs, they will – they will actually gain some more pocket money and that will allow them to do certain activities which nowadays university colleges have to offer.  So, they – so, they can go on overseas exchange trips and – and also summer programs in other countries to, you know, interact and learn more about the world instead of just learning in the classroom.  However, for students who actually have tests and exams or are in their final year with final project and thesis to write, it might not actually be a very good idea because they – they need full concentration and focus to finish up and to finish out their studies and also do well for the examination.  So – so the question like – so, the answer actually depends on when – what the student wants and whether the student is able to concentrate on his studies even taking a part-time job. No doubt it is a very good experience for the student, before working you actually get to taste...

Okay, I will stick to my points in the first part, no, college students should focus on their studies and should not take up a part-time job because working will distract them from the studies.  And secondly, working also takes up time and energy and this time and energy can be better dedicated to focus on their studies.  And the opportunity cost of working, being time that could be dedicated to their studies is not worth the long-term benefit of them actually working and getting a better job and earning better pay to support their life.  And so, like, I believe that working on the whole in general does not justify the – the amount of time loss and the amount of effort and being spent which could have been better dedicated to studying.  Yes, and also nowadays the amount of money that – that actually dedicate like part-time job gives is actually not very, not a lot...

