Certainly, I agree that doing part-time work is actually very crucial, especially when in college because of the financial burdens the fees from the college – college fees actually have on the student, especially most of our college fee is actually paid by our parents or taking out a bank loan.  So actually doing part-time work actually eases the financial burden on us and also on our parents.  And furthermore, we also do not wish to be too financially burdened after we actually graduate so that we can spend more time concentrating on our work rather than paying back the bank loans, and also paying back our parents as well.  And I am also of view that doing part-time work is also very important way to show how a student can actually manage and multitask, like how we can juggle with our studies, at same time committing to part-time work.  And since part-time work in Singapore mainly is concentrated around giving tuition, so in a way it's like revising our work...

Personally, as someone that has a part-time job, I feel that it is important for college students to have a part-time jobs because it teaches you how to be financially independent from your parents and it teaches you things that can't be learned in the classroom; for example, how to save money, how important it is to sustain yourself and to plan carefully for your future. It also teaches you to save your spend – save your income instead of spending everything in order to save well for the future.  And also, it teaches you how to manage your time well because you need to set aside time for your part-time job and same time [***] juggle your studies.  Also, actually by having a part-time job helps you interact more with the social world.  It helps you – it gives you an opportunity to interact with parents, adults, and...

I think that it is very important for college students to take a part-time job, firstly, because you learn about – you learn and gain experience and you learn soft and hard skills.  Hard skills involve like meager jobs that you are required to do like cooking and maybe cleaning up, which is very important which as you grow and you have to live alone.  Soft skills include interacting with your colleagues and learning how to communicate.  Also, if you do – if you provide a service in a service industry, you will learn how to interact with customers and how to properly present yourself. In part-time jobs, you – you are required to go for meetings.  You learn about self-presentation and you also learn about social awareness in terms of how you control a crowd.  It makes – it gives you industrial exposure of the possible industry that you would like to move into as you grow up and – and you want to find a proper job in the future and...

So, the question is that these days some people think that it's important for college students to have a part-time job.  And I think there are a lot of different factors that come into play here.  For one, I think one of the most important things to think about is the major that you are doing in your college or in your university.  What sort of major is it?  Say, for example, you are doing a science major and you have things like you have to do practicals, you have to be in lab or you are in a major such as geography where you have a lot of fieldwork that you need to do, so all these additional requirements for your major are really going to take up a lot of time.  Do you have the extra time to do a part-time job? But at the same time you should ask yourself, do you need the financial resources provided by a part-time job?  Do you need the extra cash or the extra income that you are going to get from this part-time job.  Because if that's not going to – if you are really...

No, I don't agree that all college students should go for part-time jobs.  I think it's dependent on their financial status and in their preference.  Some people may like to concentrate on their studies while others may prefer to work part time.  It is – it is entirely dependent on the people themselves to choose for themselves what they want.  Although it is good that people take part-time jobs while studying to improve their – their resume and experiences, but it is not necessary for all people because some people would like the extra time to prepare and study for university because university may be quite tough for them as well.  So as a result if they were to work and take part-time jobs, they might not be able to have sufficient time to study and prepare...

Okay, for this question, basically I actually agree and yet I disagree, but I am more towards the agree point.  So, I will start with the disagree point first.  Okay, why I think that it's not that important for students to have a part-time job is because there might be a decline in the studies, yeah, because especially those who because they need more, they might not be able to manage their time well enough. However, on the other hand, I agree mostly because you can earn extra cash.  You do not have to be dependent on your parents because of this extra money, unless the student is getting extra money from her parents or his or her parents as well.  But so, you know, with the extra cash I feel that they will be more – they will spend their money more wisely, like they will be able to tell what they should spend on and what they should not spend on.  And it gives them more experience, like gives them a lot of skills to help them in the future when they graduate and actually go out to work, so they can...

Okay, I feel that it is not very important to hold a part-time job while studying, especially in university, since the workload is pretty heavy.  Some might say that, you know, getting a part-time job will help you to train up and prepare for the workforce in the future.  But seeing that we are students first and foremost, I think that we should focus our attention on studying instead of having to hold another part-time job.  And moreover, we already have CCAs, it's not compulsory but I will rather a student choose to take part in a CCA rather than holding a part-time job, since it's not really part of the curriculum.  And I believe CCA – CCA's co-curricular activities are able to give students the chance and exposure to...

I think having a part-time job while studying in college is very important.  It helps me interact with other people and I can also support myself financially.  I can use this part-time income to pursue my interests such as learning extra-curriculum stuff and also save up so that I can go traveling during my holidays.  Getting a part-time job gives me a distraction for my studies, which is important so that I will not get too stressed up.  Also, getting a part-time job that is relevant to what I am studying helps me apply the concept and information that I learned...

I think that it is important for a college student to have a part-time job because not only can they learn how to manage their money, they can also learn the soft skills that they – they will require when they go to work, and they will also be able to know how – how it feels to be in a working world and so that they will cherish their life right now. So basically when they start to have part-time jobs, they will have their own incomes and most likely they will not be receiving any allowances from their parents, so in this way they are forced to have to manage their finances.  And from this, may be they will learn to not waste their money and be able to manage them and to plan their – their spending.  And secondly to learn soft skills I think that – and is very different in the working world...

I agree, but it is only to a limited extent because I think it depends on what kind of part-time job the students get.  If it related to their course or is it something that can help them learn more skills that will be relevant for them in future, then I think having a part-time job is important because aside from just studying they get to have exposure and experience to how – how it's like to work in the real world. But most undergraduates have jobs that are rather unrelated to what they are studying and they usually give tuition to primary school kids, secondary schools kids, or kids in junior college.  So I think for them rather it's mainly to earn money so it's not really – I mean if their family has financial problems then I think having a part-time job will be important for them but in...

I agree that a part-time job is important for college students but only to a limited extent because I think it depends on a lot of factors.  So firstly, I think a part-time job depends on what kind of part-time job and what you expect to gain from the part-time job, so if it – if you are in need of money and the part-time job is how you can maintain your – if you can pay your living – living expenses and I think in that way a part-time job is important for college students, because I mean we don't have any income from university and we are just – yeah, we don't have any money at all.  So, part-time job will be important for those who need extra income for like maybe because their family – their family is not as well off.  But if you are – if the student is well off and the purpose of a part-time job is to gain experience, then their part-time job is also important in a way because I think part-time jobs give experience into how working...

I do not particularly agree or disagree strongly to the statement that people believe that students should sign a part-time job.  Firstly, I do not fully agree because students in Singapore, I find that many students are even struggling to deal with the academic requirements that they have in school as well as extracurricular activities that they have, be it in the activities they have in house or residences which is a big thing now in Singapore where students are finding different ways to improve their skills and to find more hobbies and ways to spend their time besides just academics.  And I feel that having a part-time job might interfere with their time to be able to also find out more about their hobbies besides...

Well, I agree with the statement that it – it is important for college students to have a part-time job; however, I feel that it is not essential per se, because I say that as college students we are – we are supposed to be focusing on our studies to get better grades, so that we can get better jobs.  If we get distracted by part-time jobs, it may actually be a detriment to our studying – our academic success; therefore, I feel that – I feel that while part-time jobs are very important they may – they should only be held by people who can manage the time. That said, that is why I agree that part-time jobs are important because it teaches people – people multitasking skills.  It helps them earn – earn extra income so that they can attain more financial independence.  As college students, we should take responsibility as well and ease the financial burden from our parents.  This is where I find [***] in the work that I do as an English teacher outside of school.

Okay, so firstly, why college students feel that it's – I – I agree that it's important for college students to have part-time jobs because firstly, they need the experience.  These are individuals with a lot of future potential.  And with respect to my experience, every time we have summer holidays or any kind of holidays or breaks, as law students are encouraged to take up internships either in the Singapore legal system or industry as well as other private firms, so that instead of just learning textbooks stuff, we pick up actual life skills which we are going to be used on the job.  And these skills can only – can only be learned through this kind of part-time job since it's not as easily taught – taught through our textbooks.  Secondly, money...

I personally feel in my opinion it's important for college students to get a job because with the current constraints of society and how the economy these days are picking up very fast and becoming more and more competitive, the industry is becoming more and more competitive, I feel that all college students, in the end when they graduate, they are to get a job in order to support their – their family financially and to be able to allow themselves to have some income to pursue their own interests because everything right now requires some form of money and you need to – you need to spend money to get things that you like and you need money to further your education, you need to improve your skills, you need it to make life more comfortable for yourself.  So I feel that with a proper job after you graduate from university with a – with a good...

As a college student myself, I find that it is not that important or crucial for students – college students to find part-time jobs.  I find that as a student it is better to focus on own studies.  Students should study hard to get a better grade so that they can get a better career when they graduate.  However, if a college student faces financial difficulties or distress, then maybe they should start looking for a part-time job. Well, looking for part-time job is not just about the money.  By getting a part-time job, you can also gain invaluable experiences on the job such as you can pick up skills, you can pick up office skills, you can pick up clerical skills, you can pick up even interpersonal skills when you deal with customers, and this will actually better equip students for the workplace...

I think doing a part-time job is something that I agree with and I feel that students nowadays should do part-time jobs because when they are going out, they cannot depend fully on their parents to fund their pocket money.  And at the same time, I think part-time job allows a student to be able to buy anything that they want without being – getting scolded by their parents because they are spending too much money.  it's a source of income for students to earn extra cash to buy what they need.  I guess, also for students with financial difficulties, part-time job also provides them with an extra source of revenue or income so that they...

Hi, the topic is these days some people say that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  I largely disagree with this statement.  I recognize that there are some benefits to having a part-time job.  For example, it is important to prepare you for the future in terms of giving you good people skills and good practice to manage one's time even with a busy college schedule.  And it also cultivates independence such that students will be not be dependent on their parents funding, but will have a source of income for themselves even while they study.  However, I believe that it is possible for these benefits to come through a summer school – a summer program internship or a job taken up during the summer holidays which can extend to 3 to 4 months, which is a substantial amount of time.

I think I will agree with the statement that it is important for college students to get a part-time job, and is only because that I feel – it's only because I feel that college students should be able to support themselves financially instead of relying on their parent as much as possible of course.  So I believe that getting a part-time job would inculcate a sense of – of – of how important money is, inculcate the – the – the value of money in these college students so that they are better prepared to – to – to work after graduation because I – I think oftentimes students who just graduated and started working they don't know the value of money and when you start earning a...

Yes, I do agree that part-time jobs are important; however, they are not a necessity.  They are important because it teaches the students many things.  For example, the value of money; it is very easy to spend money these days but it is not that easy to earn it.  Furthermore, students learn to juggle everything that they have including studies, friendships, relationships, as well as learning such stuff – learning new stuff at their jobs. Furthermore, the experience is really good because of what they learn.  This can include interacting with people better, certain skills that they never learned before, for example, learning to use Excel sheet like my seniors taught me.  And furthermore, in general, it just gives you very good exposure, especially to the types of people we could meet when we go out there to work.  Furthermore, it also allows them to earn money to support themselves to – especially during the holidays or if they could have a part-time job while they are still studying they...

Now, for college students to have part-time jobs, I will have to say I would disagree with such a statement because if they were to have part-time jobs, it will have – it will make a compromise on the amount of time that they have to study and/or sleep, primarily because during the day time from the morning to the afternoon session, they will be – they will be having classes but in the evenings and maybe late into the nights, they will be – they will be working part-time, which would have a – which would have a detrimental effect on their studying hours and their resting period as well because – and for a society like Singapore where there are companies who hire based on your grades, students who – who work part-time may suffer lower grades and, you know, and may result in their position – their academic standing and their academic competency to be neglected in – in such...

I think part-time work is actually quite crucial for a college student because it enables us to actually lighten the financial burden on our parents and ourselves so that actually after we graduate we can actually prepare for our work and career instead of paying back for the bank loans.  At the same time it's also a way to showcase how us any students, university student can actually juggle with our school work, and at the same time tuition as well. I also believe that doing part-time work is also providing a service to a community.  it's not just a part-time work at a same – at a [***] like we just do our own things and not really contributing society and the community as well.  A key I feel is the power of contributing out to the whole economy of Singapore as well.  Yeah, I also think actually part-time – doing part-time work during our university is once in a lifetime experience because after once we pass this stage, you don't have the opportunity to do part-time jobs that...

Personally, as someone that has a part-time job, I feel that it is really important for college students to have a part-time job.  Not only it teaches you how to manage your time well because you need to juggle your studies as well as your job, it teaches you how to interact with others outside of the classroom.  For example, it gives me opportunities to interact with adults, we really have real-life experience working outside.  And furthermore, it teaches you how to be financially independent.  For example, you have to save your income, you cannot spend everything within a certain time period.  You have to save for the future.  And it teaches you how to treasure money which may not – which may come easily from your parents.  And also, I feel that having a part-time job allows you to have more opportunity to practice your social skills, which may be important for having a full-time job after I graduate.  That's all I have to say.

I think it's very important for students – college students to learn – to get a part-time job because not only do you gain experience, you learn about soft and hard skills.  Hard skills include like being – allows you to be more independent and it allows you – like cleaning up, and in terms of like cooking.  Soft skills include communicating with other people and learning how to better present yourself, [***] I think that part-time job gives you industrial exposure and allows you to better learn about the dream job that you want to have you before you actually commit to it when you get a proper job in the future.  And not only is it important, it allows you to learn the skills required and you better know what is required from your job. It makes financially independent.  I think that getting a part-time job is very important as it allows you to support yourself as college textbook fees are really expensive these few days.  Getting the financial independence or getting a part-time job and also earning that extra pocket money will allow you to better sustain yourself...

So, a part-time job will definitely teach you things such as, you know, how to better communicate with people, how to better interact with people about time management and the sort and how to manage your resources.  But there are a lot of different things that come into play when you are thinking about pursuing a part-time job for a while.  What does your major already require you require you to do?  If you already have lab work, if you already have field work and internships that are compulsory to go for, then is it necessary to go for a part-time job?  Do you have the time? And another thing to think about is whether you need these additional financial resources provided by a part-time job.  If you family isn't that well to do, then it makes sense to supplement your income with an additional part-time job.  But if you are doing fine and if you are doing well, then getting a part-time job and getting the cash from a part-time job seems to be something that is redundant.  That said, one could probably go and attend or apply for an internship.  And an internship is a bit more specialized and...

Now, I don't agree that all people should take – take up part-time jobs while studying.  I think it is entirely dependent on the person's personal preference and whether they will like to and as far as their financial ability.  If it's – if it's necessary for people to take up part-time jobs, I think some people may not be entirely willing or able to because university takes up a lot of time and effort, a lot of people may need the extra time taken time to study.  Being – being – being in a part-time means deprive people of time taken to study and also – it also may deprive people socially.  Yeah.  And although this being said, I think taking a part-time job may allow students to expand their horizons, give them more experiences and to beef up their resume as well.

Okay, since I was cut off earlier so I'll just continue from the point I stopped on.  The one way of having a part-time job while you are studying will give you more experience in future like when you go out to work, after your graduation, when you can learn more about team work and leadership skill so that next time it will help you – it will give you better advantage in the future when you work in other – on a project or something.  And you can also learn time management, okay, like you'll be – definitely be able to juggle over time your time between your family, friends, and studies, like you will eventually learn.  And not only that, you will be meeting different kinds of people, might be able to understand how different kinds of people work and how you can respond to each and every one of them so that next time you actually go out to work with your higher-ups or your colleagues, you will be able to understand how to respond to their different attitude and stuff and you will also be learning about...

I feel that it is not important for a student to hold a part-time job since it is a student's job first and foremost to study well and excel in their studies.  Okay, some might say that holding a part-time job will help to hold skills and for student to be more responsible in their finances.  But I feel that it will be – it will come at a price of students being less able to concentrate during classes and have a negative impact on their studies.  So, I feel that instead, those students can – can choose to participate in co-curricular activities, [***] CCs and because I – I feel that it gives students the core opportunity to learn and develop skills with their friends and in planning and executing the different jobs and of the required CC if...

I think having a part-time job is important.  It gives college students an – an avenue to learn more stuff about the real world.  It also gives college students a chance to earn an extra income so that they can pursue their own interests at their own time.  This money can also be used for their personal expenses, such as everyday spending on food as well as the leisure.  They can also use this income to go overseas and travel, which is also very important. Lastly, I believe that this part-time income can be used partly to pay off the college loans that one will incur after studying in college.  Have a part-time job is indeed very important and I believe most college students...

I think that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because when they have a part-time job they will be having their own income.  And assuming that they will not be receiving any additional allowances from their parents, they will be forced to manage their finances.  They will be – they will have to manage their spending, to not waste money, to save money and to be able to control their spending and –and spend it wisely. And secondly then they can also learn the soft skills that come with every job.  I think that the working role is very different from school and like socializing with friends is very different from socializing with coworkers and your employers.  So, having these soft skills should definitely help in their job when they join their workforce in future and it also – it will also go towards adult working experience...

Yes, as I said before it is – it is – it depends on what the kind of job that the student gets.  But I think if the student is – if the student cannot multitask or manage a lot of demands at the same time, then it is – it will be better that if the student does not have a part-time job.  Because I think that unless they are in need of the money, a part-time job is not really that important, unless it is an internship which is – which extends into the semester as well, then I think having that part-time job will be beneficial for them, but at the same time it is not exactly important.  It depends on whether – it really depends on whether they can manage their time and whether they really – I mean because – because they can still do internship during their summer break and like they can still work during their summer break.  So, it is not really that crucial to have a part-time job unless they are really in need of the money.  Yeah, but other than the money, I think experience is one other important factor of having...

As said previously because a part-time job gives college students an – an insight into how working in the real context, in a real world is like and it is especially relevant for students who may be interested to do, like, business and things like that.  But even if they are not in business, maybe like healthcare, it is also good to see how the system works and how their – how the – how they – how the world functions in terms of like the kind of work that they want to do in future.  So, it can give them an – an experience and that is valuable for them to help them – to help guide their choices in future. So, I think in that way, a part-time job is important.  But, at the same time it depends on whether the student can manage their time, so if the student has problems with time management, then maybe they can forgo a part-time job because it might compromise on their results and I think at a moment for undergraduate what is most important is their studies rather than a part-time job.  So, I...

However on the other hand, I do think that I disagree with the statement that people should get a part-time job because of – sorry, I do agree that people should get a part-time job because it is important to find job skills as well when you are studying and to also explore what kind of career you might like after you graduate.  So, this is a good and safe place in school while – while doing part-time to find out what jobs you would like in future.  Just before that basically [***] I disagree that they should find a part-time job because that would eat into their studying time as well as time for other activities in school such as learning different sports and stuff which are important for their teenage growth or their youth; plus, it's the last time that they are – they are going have all these opportunities within school and to cultivate the last school spirit that they have before they venture into the working world.  So, yes I do not...

I think it is very important for college students to hold a part-time job.  It is because it teaches them financial – financial independence and helps – and helps them to learn how to do tasks except from their college work. However, I feel that having a part-time job is not essential because yes college students should be having – should be having – should be – should be focusing on our academic studies instead of having jobs and that's why their own – part-time jobs should be had by only those people who can manage their time properly.  Therefore my – my – like from my own experience, my part-time job has given me [***], it helped me earn extra income to ease the financial burden of our parents paying for my university education. That's why I feel that for most it's a very good experience for college students to have a part-time job.  I think that they should be most of it and actually part-time jobs are very good.  I have nothing much more else to say but keep working.

Firstly, I agree that part-time jobs are very important for college students.  Firstly, because they are young adults who need experience in life.  Part-time jobs, regardless of what job you take, are the kind which will show you what realities of life actually is.  You will understand how the world works and you will also understand what it feels like to work for what you have. Secondly, schools are expensive.  The only way to pay off those student loans is stop depending on your parents, is to pay with – with your own money, and this money will be earned through your part-time jobs.  Thirdly, there is no point just – just learning stuff off the book in universities; you need experience from internships which is very important because you have to know how to apply what you learn in college into what you actually do in real life.  And these internships are actually part-time jobs which specialize in your major that you take in university and this is is highly, highly important if you do want to succeed in whatever it is that you want to work, so...

All right, I am sorry.  I'd like to apologize.  I thought that you guys were referring to a job after graduating.  But, if you are talking about a part-time job, I feel that yes it is important because in university the fees are quite expensive, it's not very easy for families and parents to support their children financially.  So, having a part-time job will be able to deflate some of the cost that is being invested into – into the education.  So, with a part-time job, you are able to be exposed to the working society and working environment at an earlier age, so next time in future after graduation you will be able to fit in and be comfortable with working, the working style for people.  You will be able to meet different kinds of people and – yeah that's what I feel.  I – I think it's important yeah.  Yeah.

As a college student myself I find that it is not that important or not that crucial for college students to look for part-time jobs.  I find that as the students, our job, our main role is to focus on our studies and to do well in them.  So, I find that students should actually study hard to get better grade so that they can get a better career when they graduate.  However, if a college student requires financial assistance, or if they face financial difficulties, then yes, maybe they should consider looking for a part-time job as this will enable them to earn pocket money and supplement their income.  Now, looking for a part-time job is not just about the money.  But looking at – by getting a part-time job, the college student can actually gain invaluable experiences on the job.  They can actually learn workplace skills...

I think I agree that students should take part-time job because living in 21st century there are many wants and demands of students, you know, for many different commodity items such as iPad, such as the latest clothes or the latest [***] hands-frees and stuff.  So, rather than, you know, depending on their parents and funds to provide them with money, I think working in a part-time job kind of give students the experience of how hard it is for them to actually earn money.  And part-time job, you know, kind of teaches them to learn how – learn how to save and just spend on buying what they actually need and...

As I was saying, there are also some disadvantages to having a part-time job while at college.  This would include the obvious disadvantage of not having enough time to prepare for the things that you are learning, and focusing too much time and energy on the part-time job outside of school.  I believe that one goes to college to study and to learn more about the world and on the specific subject that one is studying.  And I think that in order to so, one must commit oneself fully to the endeavor.  One should not divide one's time and energy between a part-time job and college if one – unless it is absolutely necessary in terms of supplementing the finances.  But if one has the means, then college is a time where one should pursue an education fully and participate also in the college activities outside of class, instead of having to juggle both the part-time job and a college education...

In my original response, I was saying that college students who just graduated would probably find it difficult to handle amount of income that they suddenly have.  And perhaps, I would guess, spend too much of it without knowing how important it is to – to save up, to budget their income accordingly.  So when – when they have a part-time job in college where they have a limited income, a much more limited income, then it will be far more likely that they will be more prudent with it and they will budget their income well so that they can tide through college, so that they can balance their work and study hours well.  That means they can't work too much they – they only have a limited number of hours to work.  So, yeah, I would agree that it is important for college students to get a part-time job so that they will learn...

Yes I do agree that part-time jobs are important, however it is not a necessity because not everyone is able to juggle everything or put down the little time that they have during the holidays to rest.  However, it is important because it's just a way to juggle everything and the experience that it gives them is really important because it exposes them to different types of people they can meet in the world.  And also, they could learn skills such as interpersonal skills, communication skills, other computer skills they would not have learned from our day-to-day life. However, the lack of long-term commitment makes this is lack of responsibility towards your job and also makes training difficult.  However, I still think that student should go out there and put themselves in part-time jobs because it is still beneficial in so many ways because they also help to lighten the family's burden on financials and they learn the true value of money because they know it's not easy to spend, but it's so difficult to earn money these days...

I believe students in college should not be having part-time jobs because it would affect the amount of time they have to study and but – and it may also affect the amount of time they sleep.  For students who have classes in the mornings and afternoons and decide to work in the evening the amount of time they have to study and sleep at night would be very, very little because they are – they do not have a proper time to accommodate themselves for proper rest and they will compromise the amount of content they can absorb while studying.  And as such they – they would tend to fall behind their peers.  And in a society where academic excellence is much sought after, it's difficult for them to – it will be more difficult for them to get a job once they get a degree because probably their GPA is lower, companies tend to seek people with higher GPAs and such my – my advice would be for...

