I completely agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned, all right, it's because personally I feel that smoking isn't something which is beneficial but rather it is a vice, it is something which is unhealthy and which is something I would strongly discourage those who I am familiar with or who I am aware or who I am close to who are smoking.  The reason is because there are many scientific studies that have gone to show and it is empirically proven that smoking isn't really good for one's health and it is in fact a form of addiction just like how you would be taking drugs. Now definitely this – this form or this – this – this form of a ban would definitely be very painful, especially for smokers, but nonetheless I believe that it will be necessary in order to change the society for the better.  All right we think about it.  We always have this issue of secondhand smokers having to bear smokers, all right, that could be one impetus to drive this initiative to begin or rather to start or to – to – to implement this com...

I do not agree with this statement to its entirety.  I think using the word completely banned, it's very extreme.  I think the main reason why people want to completely ban smoking is because of the health issues, second-hand smoking is actually not beneficial to the health at all.  And in fact, it is harmful and detrimental to health.  And also with smoking, it brings about negative externalities. When – when someone smokes, okay, it brings about negative health effects to the people who are around him.  But banning smoking completely isn't the best solution because governments earn a lot of tax revenue from selling cigarettes and so banning smoking, will actually reduce part of the revenue that the government...

I think that smoking – on one hand, while I do feel that smoking should be banned, but I know that it's not possible because of a lot of economic issues that are behind this.  Reason why I would just want to ban smoking is because it would help to save the health of many people and everyone knows that the smoking is very bad for health and it can cause, like, lung cancer and it can cause early death. So that's one reason why I believe that we should ban smoking so that prevent any more of this – prevent any increase of this incidence of happening.  But at the same time, I know that it should not be banned because – it can't be banned because all these cigarettes, they all bring a lot of taxes and a lot of money to the government.  So there is no way possible that it's – that – that total banning would be possible.  And also, because they are – all the people will find other ways like the black market to bring in cigarettes so...

I disagree with the statement because this will make it difficult for the smokers to find places to smoke in.  Even though smoking is not a good thing and it should not be encouraged but because – but if people actually – if the government bans smoking at all places, then this will make it even more difficult for people to find places where they can smoke.  And then this will just result in even more smokers smoking at banned places or places that are not designated for them to smoke in, which is not good because it will contribute more harm to other people in public.

Okay.  I feel that smoking should be banned in restaurants because, firstly, restaurants are a very closed space and within a closed space if people smoke, this smoke can actually affect the people surrounding them.  In that sense, smoking is not just an individual personal activity, it also extends to having negative externalities that's imposed upon the people around them.  And in that sense it is quite inconsiderate such that a personal activity becomes not a very personal thing, a personal gain becomes external burden for other people.  So yes, I do think that it has – I do agree with the statement and I do think that it should be banned. But on the other hand, I also know that a lot of restaurants, they have smoking corners and people can just go outside to smoke instead of being within the enclosed areas and of course smoking is still a very important activity for them.

Okay.  I think that smoking should be banned in public restaurants because restaurants are quite an enclosed space and being an enclosed space means that smoking is not just a personal activity, it is one that extends to the people surrounding the smoker as well.  And so for example, when a smoker smokes, he or she may get personal gain.  But at the same time the smoker actually influences negative externalities upon the people around him or her.  And in that sense it is very inconsiderate and at the same time it is very [***]-pleasurable for the people around him or her.  And at the same time it brings a lot of health – negative health activities as well. So many restaurants in Singapore they are, for example, McDonald's, they actually have outdoor smoking corner for certain smokers.  So, this is perhaps one of the solutions to what the problem has posed.

I agree that smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants, especially indoor ones.  This is because customers who would be going to the restaurants might be children or they might be old people who might be more sensitive to the smell of the cigarette and it's in general second-hand smoke is bad for health and in order to protect everybody from the health implications, I think that it's only fair for smokers to smoke in areas where they are – like when people cannot inhale the secondhand smoke.  And I think that at a place where we are eating, it should be comfortable for us where we do not have to worry about the air that we breathe while we are eating.

Personally, I think that smoking should be banned but I don't think it's possible to ban it completely.  The reason why I think that it should be banned just like other people think as well is because I think it has detrimental consequences on – on the health.  And – and also, I personally don't smoke and I also really dislike smoking because I think it's very smelly and whenever we are breathing in the same compound at least and I smell people are smoking, I really dislike it. So, I really do think that smoking should be banned.  But it may be really difficult to ban completely and especially when there are really increasing number of people who are, like, smoking these days.  And it's – although it's really detrimental and the government should try to implement different type of strategies like increasing the price of smoking, I mean the cigarettes and stuff, but it's not working really well because the demand is just there, and people are actually not affected with even with the increasing price because people are really quite addicted to smoking that it's making – making it so impossible to actually ban it completely.  So, although I personally think that smoking should be banned to a large extent...

I think smoking should be banned because the world would be a much better place without cigarettes.  Smoking develops cancer and many people die from lung cancer and heart disease each year from smoking.  Also, smoking is harmful because people around a smoker can also breathe in the smoke smell as they are secondhand smoking. Secondhand smoking is also bad for your health as it is also equivalent to smoking.  It can also cause effects which are same as first-hand smokers.

Yes.  I believe that it should be completely banned in restaurants because the firstly – firstly is that smoke – smoking is not good for those around them when it comes to second-hand smoke.  Second-hand smoke is ironically more harmful for the body compared to first-hand smoking.  And this, especially for children and young – young – young people this – this second-hand smoke is not good for them in their development or for pregnant – pregnant women. So, further is that the second-hand smoke actually destroys the dining experience for those around them.  So while you are enjoying, the smoker is enjoying, you actually ruin the experience for other people around you, so that seems to be a very sufficient move.  If you want to have smoking at restaurants you probably should have a very dedicated smoking place just for people to smoke and after that and all the – all the smell will stay there.  So – and next thing is that...

I fully agree with the ban because I feel that smoking spoils the ambience and the atmosphere and environment in the restaurant.  Many people go to the restaurant to enjoy food and to enjoy the company and to chat over meals.  However, smoke – smoking actually disrupts nonsmokers from enjoying all these feelings and services in the restaurant and it's inconsiderate to the nonsmokers.  And the ban would bring the smoking elsewhere and allow everyone to have a good time and focus on the meal and the services provided by the restaurants that have been especially prepared for them.  And smoking is also bad for health.  So by implementing the ban, perhaps nonsmokers can encourage smokers.

I agree that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants because smoking isn't a very healthy thing and it's unhealthy for, like, secondhand smokers and other people who are in the restaurant at the same time.  And since the restaurants are usually an enclosed area, I mean in an air-con place, the smell will actually spread and it will go on to your clothes and it will stay like for the whole day.  So, most people actually dislike the smell and it isn't very good to have – to smell like smoke basically after being in the restaurant for a long day. So, I feel that being in a smoking restaurant, it isn't a very good thing because most people dislike it and most nonsmokers will feel that they are actually breathing in unnecessary smoke, which is very unhealthy for themselves and it causes a lot of like the...

I feel that smoking should be banned in public places, all regions in the country because smoking actually – is actually harmful to health.  And if one actually smokes in the public, he actually generates secondhand smoke for those who are actually – for those innocent parties which are actually nearby the vicinity where they smoke.  And as you all know and it has well – it has been well established that secondhand smoke is actually harmful for our health.  Hence, I think smoking should be banned in public place first.  And, yeah, and if this smoke – this secondhand smoke is inhaled by small kids or people who have actually respiratory problems, it will actually trigger more adverse health effects.  Yeah, this is also...

I think smoking in restaurants, we must first analyze the function of a restaurant which is that a restaurant is a place where people come in to dine and for comfort.  By completely banning smoking that will – will actually disregard the group of smokers who actually desire to come to the restaurant to dine and for their own comfort.  So, I don't think that banning smoking completely from restaurants is actually a good thing.  If – if it has to be done, maybe it could be done in a – in the way that it is currently being done where – where different parts of the restaurant are segmented to nonsmoking and smoking areas, this, to cater for the functions of restaurants.  But however, if this is a higher government order to completely stem out smoking, then I think as a – as a – as a healthy lifestyle habit, I think that yeah, maybe that can be seen as a deterrence option.

I mean personally I do not smoke and my immediate family members also don't smoke.  So, I – okay, because it's a personal opinion, I really don't like people who smoke so.  But then – but I – I still – I won't say that smoking should be banned in the country or should be banned anywhere.  Because although smoking is bad for health like what the – what our doctors and the advertisements always tell us, like smoking is bad for health, it may cause lung diseases and all those stuff.  But I feel that smoking, although it is bad for health and I – I feel that people should not smoke, it shouldn't be the case that – because people have a choice.  Some people smoke because they – it is a social activity and they smoke to make friend.

Yes.  I do feel that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants because I feel that it is a more considerate and appropriate action for nonsmokers, because not – secondhand smoke is actually more harmful than firsthand smoke.  So even though the smokers are not imposing them – their smoke on other people, the smoke that they give out when they smoke, it actually will circulate around the area and not – and also reside in the people around breathing it in.  So, I feel that it will be more considerate to completely ban it in our restaurants.  Because even though in Singapore currently there are separate areas such as in hawker centers and coffee shops for designated smoking tables, the smoke from the smoker's tables will still circulate over to the nonsmoking area, especially so if the restaurant is air-conditioned...

As you know, smoking is bad for health, and although this is – it is a known fact, we should not completely ban smoking because those people who smoke may have their reason to do so.  And if you then completely ban smoking, this might result in them going for other more harmful place of de-stressing such as taking drugs or engaging in other acts.  So, this is – smoking actually gives them an avenue to release their stress and this might be – this might not be as detrimental as compared to if they – if they engage in other activities.  So, while everyone knows that smoking is bad for health, maybe the government should designate some areas to – to allow for the smokers to smoke instead of having them smoke in public places or when they are...

Yes.  I agree that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants around the country.  While – while it is the person's rights to be able to smoke or – or indeed to be able to do whatever – whatever they want to do at their own time, you have to also consider that smoking is not a personal behavior per se, in that it also affects the people around you.  Smoking can cause irreparable health damage to other healthy people and can be especially harmful to people who are more vulnerable such as pregnant women, the elderly or – or the – or children who may have respiratory diseases. As such, furthermore, a restaurant is an enclosed space and the smoke cannot easily escape.  As such, the people will have to – will be exposed – will be exposed to a longer period of smoke as compared to when they are outside.

I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants across the country.  Firstly, this is for hygiene reasons.  If consumers in restaurants are allowed to smoke while they consume their food, the ash from their cigarettes may actually fall into their food and drink, contaminating it and potentially causing illness or disease when they ingest these drinks into their body.  Secondly, secondhand smoke actually affects other – other customers in the – in the restaurants as well.  Therefore, smoking is not only limited to just the individual but also to those who are around it. Therefore, for the sake of other customers in the restaurant, I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants as nonsmokers might actually feel very uncomfortable with the presence of secondhand smoke around them. As more and more restaurants in the country are getting enclosed and having air-condition, smoke is more likely to be trapped.

I – to completely ban smoking is – it would be considered too extreme.  So, I disagree with the statement.  Firstly, student – firstly, smoking is – it has been ongoing for a while so to completely ban it from – in across the whole country, it will mean that current smokers will have to experience a withdrawal all of a sudden and obviously that's not possible and all these smokers might end up going underground or to the black market to obtain their cigarettes to feed their addiction. Also, secondly, as – as they consider their individual rights, so it would be again – who depends...

I feel that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because of three reasons: firstly, it's because of personal health, banning – banning smoking is – is a step to achieve good personal health whether in restaurants or not, because smoking has been directly related to a lot of fatal diseases like cancers and heart diseases and respiratory diseases and stuff.  Secondly, smoking should be banned in restaurants because it is a sign of inconsiderate behavior towards fellow diners, because secondhand smoke can affect the people around you very greatly, whether due to the smell or just spoil the environment as a whole. In Singapore, there is the policy of a yellow box.  But the thing is the smoke doesn't stay in the yellow box.  So, even if you have a smoking corner for smokers, other – other diners that sit nearby the yellow box might still be affected.

Whether smoking should be completely – I do not agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  The most – the first argument I would make is because – is that by banning smoking at all restaurants, it infringes on the freedom of individuals.  Instead of banning smoking, maybe restaurants – maybe the government could consider having, like, smoker's zones at eating places. Currently in Singapore for restaurants a – a smoker's zone is allocated for smokers to – to have – to have them use that and they are able to smoke there.  However, for the other places, they are not able to.  So, this helps to separate smokers and nonsmokers.  The reason why people will want smoking to be banned would actually...

Okay.  I assume like as much as smoking is harmful, it shouldn't be banned completely because – okay, I myself is not a smoker, but I have friends who smoke.  But they are really – they are generally really considerate.  They, like, stand aside while they smoke and try not to get smoke to, like, the nonsmokers and I think generally more Singaporeans do that.  And actually they are really conscious of all the health effects.  So, if so like banning doesn't really solve the problem because they will still be – they will still, like, secretly smoke.  They can still buy from overseas to Singapore to smoke, so banning will not, like – if the point of banning is to make people stop smoking, I don't think it solves the problem.  Yeah – I think banning...

I agree to a large extent that smoking should be banned in all places.  The reasons being, first, it is detrimental to the health of the smoker.  The smoker will – has a higher chance of getting cancer such as lung cancer and if – and continuous heavy smoking will also mean that smokers – smokers not only affect themselves but they also affect the people around them.  So that comes to my second reason, which is secondhand smoke.  Secondhand smoke is when a person – when – when people around the smoker breathe in the smoke that the smoker inhales – that the smoker smokes and this affects their health as well indirectly.  Thirdly, it also is detrimental.

Yes.  I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants across the country.  One reason is that smoking in general does not only harm the smoker.  The secondhand smoke that people breathe in – sorry, people around the smoker that is, that this secondhand smoke is actually also very detrimental to health of nearby passerby.  So in that case in a restaurant which is an enclosed area, it is very, very rude in my opinion as well as inconsiderate to smoke.  Or even – even if there is a designated smoking area outside of the restaurant, you are talking about a – a place where people sit near you in large groups who will still breathe...

I mean, I think smoking should be banned.  Personally, I am not a smoker myself and I think secondhand smoke is more detrimental than the smoker smoking the smoke itself.  And, I mean, you know about all the detrimental health benefits that secondhand smoke gives to a nonsmoker, it gives a person whole lot of, like, diseases and cancers and it's really bad for the body.  But on a larger scale, if smoking is eliminated in the country, I think health cost, as in people who are falling sick and all, should be reduced.  And I think the government would have to actually spend lesser amounts of money to cope with health situations and all.  And I think that what for us will be a more healthier and more balanced population as a whole instead of one that has plagued with all these smoking health issues.  Yeah, but I think then again there...

I disagree with the statement because I feel that banning smoking completely is a little bit too extreme.  Personally, I feel that smoking is very, very bad for health and personally I do not like the smell of smoke or I don't really enjoy being in the company of smokers very much to be honest.  However, but I feel that at the end of the day people are – are – people should be allowed to choose for themselves what they want to consume and what they would not want to consume.  However, if their choice is negatively impacting those around them, then perhaps maybe we could shift these smokers to another area or to give them other options so that their choice in smoking would not affect other people and other people's wellbeing. So, I believe that banning smoking completely is a little bit too extreme and that if other measures – other measures should be considered such as perhaps giving smokers a designated...

While smoking is harmful, it has been scientifically proven not just to the smoker himself but also the people around him, so in a restaurant where – where customers and other diners are present and the smoke will travel and through diffusion, so actually everyone in the restaurant will be able to inhale the smoke that – that the smoker, you know, exhales. So – so what happens is that to me I think that smoking should be banned – completely banned in the restaurants and dining areas, because it actually affects the dining experience of other people and not just the smoker himself but other people.  Yes.  And even though having designated smoking areas might help however, but the smoke still travels.  So, it would be better for – for smoking to be completely banned because then we can actually taste the full flavor of our food instead of having extra ingredients or extra...

No.  I do not agree that smoking should be banned in all locations in the country, because I believe that people should be given the choice whether they want or do not want to smoke.  Instead, I would opt for a more stringent regulation on smoking, especially in public areas that are frequently – that are frequented by mother – that are frequented by children and families.  And secondhand smoke is a very – very detrimental to the health. And also, the government should also put a complete ban on certain – on certain retailers in certain areas from selling cigarettes so as to prevent this convenience of people actually buying and then smoking in those areas.  And also fines and – and regulations, for example, police – also enforcement on the smoking ban should be harder.  So, this would prevent...

I personally agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned because personally for me I believe that it is more of a vice, it is more of a bad habit rather than something which would be beneficial for a person.  All right, this is because after all empirical and in terms of scientific studies have already proven that smoking is not good for one's health and furthermore it can even cause certain psychological disorders like depression and essentially it is an addiction, which would definitely be very difficult to come into control. Furthermore, there is this issue of secondhand smoke which would affect those who are constantly exposed to the smokers.  For example, if you think about family members who have to endure the secondhand smoke, or possibly a member in the household, then you would know that it is not only harmful to a person, to the smoker himself, but rather also harmful to those around him.  Now, I understand that a complete ban on smoking would be a very painful process, but nonetheless, I believe that it would be beneficial more in the long run right in the sense...

I do not agree with this statement to its entirety.  I feel that using the word ‘completely' is a bit too extreme.  I think the reason behind why people want to completely ban smoking is because of the effects of smoking, especially on secondhand smoking, which is proved to be very detrimental to health.  There are also many negative externalities attached to smoking; so when one person – when one person smokes, it will affect, okay, the quality of air of the people who are around him.  However, okay, it is actually impossible to completely ban smoking because governments earn a lot of tax revenue from selling cigarettes.  And when one country completely bans smoking, the country will actually lose out on quite a lot of cigarettes that – a lot of revenues that can be collected from cigarettes, so I think I cannot agree.

So yes, I feel that smoking should be still banned in restaurants because it's bad for health.  it's secondhand smoke can also kill more people and it affects more people and it also may ruin ambience of the diners who eat there.  At the same time, it is typically not possible because there is a lot of government control behind it and if you were to ban it, there will be other ways where the black market will come in there will still be smoking happening.  But even still, restaurants do not want to totally ban smoking because that would deter customers away from their restaurants.  Therefore, it's not possible to do so. I guess the best reason would be to have a divide between the smoking section and the non-smoking section, which is being done so right now but perhaps in the near future if the government was more strict and more willing to, like, you know to restrict – to restrict smoking, to...

I think that smoking should not be banned in all restaurants because this will make it difficult for smokers to find places for smoking.  Even though smoking is not supposed to be a good thing, people like businessmen will have more difficulty finding places to smoke.  And since they are so used to smoking, it will also be damaging to the – to the restaurants because people will not visit restaurants so much anymore if they cannot smoke in the restaurants, so it should not be banned in all restaurants.  Some...

I do agree with the statement that smoking should be banned within restaurants because firstly, smoking may seem like an individual activity but in actual like when a person smokes, it actually has the ability to affect the people around them.  So, even though smoking can seem helps in like an individual activity, a personal gain, it's negative externality on people, like secondhand smoke – and secondhand smoke is very bad for children or pregnant mothers and within the restaurants and especially if it is in an enclosed space, then it's very, very bad for them and people who may just come with the intention of dining might actually be turned away because of such a thing. In fact, in many societies, there are non-smoking signs and there are smoking corners that are just outside the restaurant.  And, for example, McDonald's in Singapore has a separate space for smokers and perhaps since one of them...

I do feel that smoking should be banned in restaurants because I feel that fundamentally smoking is not just a personal activity and smoking also brings about many harmful – harmful things.  So, for example, one may think that that smoking is actually a very individual personal activity where one smokes and one enjoys by him or herself.  But the fact is when a person smokes especially within an enclosed space like a restaurant, the – it actually exerts negative externalities upon the people around them.  So, for example, babies and pregnant women, they will actually receive health damage to some extent.  And you can consider how restaurants like McDonalds, they have a separate smoking area outside for those smokers, so maybe instead of being a complete ban, it can be suggested that a separate outdoor area be set out for these smokers instead.

My personal take on this is that smoking should be prohibited – prohibited in all restaurants because customers should not be placed in a position where they have to suffer health implications as a result from someone else's actions and decision to smoke.  And I think that especially in restaurants where there could be younger customers like children and babies, then they might be more sensitive to the smell of the cigarettes and they might be in – in less, in more serious ways towards the smoke, and so I think that it should not be allowed in restaurants especially in the one...

So like I said, I think smoking has – should be banned although it's very difficult to do it completely even with the government regulation and controls because of the demand is actually very high and people are like getting more addicted to it.  So why I actually agree that smoking should be banned is also because actually that is very detrimental for one's health and also – especially when you actually get addicted to it and people actually get to smoke so frequently and this will actually take a toll on your health. And it will actually affects their work productivity as well because you actually have to keep going out to – actually take a break to smoke to actually what they call as relax by smoking, it really is very detrimental.  And also, you will not be – you will just keep wanting to take breaks off your – when you are doing work.  And if you are actually working in a very professional profession, then it is – it kind of like affects your image as well as a worker and apart from the health and also this kind of impact on your work productivity, I think...

I think smoking should be banned in the world because smoking is very harmful to others and is affecting many people.  Many people think that by smoking it is very cool, but there are a lot of effects of smoking on our health such as lung cancer and heart disease and many people die from such health causes each year.  Also, because many people start young, it will make – it will cause the effects to be more severe in one's body.  Additionally, secondhand...

So while you ban smoking at all restaurants, we have to understand that restaurants are not the only place where people smoke at.  So the effect on this is that it could have heavy effect on restaurant owners.  When you ban smoking, smokers will probably end up cooking at home.  The other thing that could happen would be that black market places might open up, serving, illegally allowing people to smoke.  So this actually kind of – it does – it kind of reduces the effect of the ban and affects the revenue of current restaurant people who have less incentive now to enforce the ban, so there is definitely also a decrease in tax revenue for smokers which is – which can form a rather large part of our government revenue and it can actually go on further to help other...

I believe that smoking should be banned in restaurants because smoking spoils the ambience and environment in the restaurant.  I believe that people go to the restaurant to enjoy their meals, to have a relaxing environment, and to enjoy the ambience and to chat over dinners – chat over dinners or lunches with their friends.  And smoking spoils this – spoils the enjoyment of non-smokers who are trying to enjoy all these services and privileges in the restaurant.  And the restaurant has also specially prepared all these services for their guests to enjoy and it will be disrespectful to do so while excluding other people from enjoying the same kind of services.  And I believe that we should focus on the food and...

I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants completely because most non-smokers will not like having smoke in the restaurants while they are eating and it causes a lot of discomfort for them.  It causes a lot of smell – smell that is not very favorable, so for themselves when they are in the restaurant it's an enclosed area, it's in an air-con place, so the smell is very strong and it will stay on to your clothes, so I believe that non-smokers will feel that it isn't a nice thing to be enjoying while we are eating and being in a restaurant.  Also, secondhand smoking is very unhealthy and it causes a lot disease – like illnesses and it causes cancer, so I think most people dislike the secondhand smoking.  Also, because they...

I personally feel that smoking should not – I personally feel that smoker should not smoke at a restaurant because this actually affects the patrons at the restaurant who are actually – who are dining at the restaurant and therefore inhale secondhand smoke which is unbeneficial for the health and if – and restaurant is actually a dining – a very popular dining place for families and if small kids or young children actually inhale the smoke, it could actually be more detrimental to their health since their immune system is actually not that – not that as good as an adult.  Furthermore, furthermore it will actually affect the atmosphere of the dining – the dining atmosphere of the restaurant.  As we know that – as we all know that smoking actually...

A restaurant is a place where people come to dine with their – with comfort and – and I think that with this in mind, completely banning smoking will actually disregard the group of smokers who actually come to the restaurant in – in search for this purpose.  With that said, I think that, you know, smoking – I view smoking as something that is actually unhealthy and is also something that – it's actually quite irritating as a non-smoker to have smokers around in a restaurant.  So what is currently being done by segmenting a part of the restaurant to smoking – for smokers and non-smokers is actually a good idea to carry this forward.  Yet at the same time, I feel that if the government were to be in a place to advocate a healthy living by completely stemming out smoking, I think banning smoking in restaurants might actually be a punitive measure to further this development.

I personally do not agree and I feel that smoking should – might, can be banned in restaurants where there is air-con.  Because restaurants are places where people have their meals and if imagine you are eating something and someone is smoking beside you, and the smoke just comes to you and it just affects the appetite.  So, if smoking is banned in restaurants, just in restaurants, not in outside public spaces like the uncovered walkways and other – it will be better for the customers because usually restaurants are closed areas and they don't have – and they have many customers to serve and those customers go to restaurants to have a proper and nice...

As mentioned before, in air-conditioned areas it's usually completely banned because it will – the smoke will stay within the compound because of the air-condition and it will not circulate around and then – and it will cause even more harm to people who are breathing in the secondhand smoke.  I feel that this is especially so when you do not know that who among the customers that are eating at the restaurant actually have respiratory problems that might get triggered from the smoke from the smokers.  Furthermore, like in Singapore, even though like there are cutout areas for smokers, they still like – they do not strictly adhere to the rules because such as in public areas like at bus stops, it is now completely banned for smoking but people still smoke at the bus stops like just slightly away from the actual bus stop which I don't think makes any difference, so in restaurants it's...

I think that – as I said earlier, I think smoking should not be completely banned in restaurants because these people might have smoking as an avenue to chill out with their friends.  And I think that smoking should be banned within the air-conditioned areas of the restaurant because like we know, the air will get stuck in the enclosed area and it would be bad for the other customers.  But the government should maybe legalize smoking in the outside corridors as this will allow them to continue in their activities.  But they should have a designated area so that the smoke does not travel around and harm other consumers in the vicinity.  Also I think they are resorting to other [***] smoking usually gives them...

As before, I agree that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants around the country.  This is because smoking causes a lot of health damage to people around the smoker, not just to the smoker himself.  Or the smoker should have the right to be able to smoke where he or she wants as we do – as we all do with things that we would like to do.  You have to consider the civil duty of the smoker to ensure that the health of other people around him or her does not suffer as a result of the smoker's action.  For example, the smoke can cause irreparable health damage to pregnant women, the elderly, as well as children who have respiratory illnesses.  Furthermore, smoke may accumulate in the restaurants as it is an enclosed space.  It may also stay in the carpeting and the walls and will not be easily gotten rid of.

As more restaurants are getting enclosed in a tropical country like Singapore, the circulation of air within this premises is lesser compared to what it will be if it is an open-air restaurant.  Therefore, by allowing – by disallowing smoking in restaurants, almost all restaurants can actually help to prevent the smoke from staying with the restaurant and causing other customers to feel uncomfortable.  From a personal experience in China, I have seen that smoke trapped in an air-con environment actually circulates within it and therefore making the air very stale and very stuffy for people, especially those who do not smoke and they will feel very uncomfortable about it.  [***] that secondhand smoke, other customers within the restaurants, they are paying customers as well hence they also have a right to enjoy a comfortable environment...

Yes, I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned across the country because it is definitely extreme firstly who is determined that mostly disease a lot for individuals.  Every individual has their own right to choose to smoke.  So, to completely ban is as good as telling everyone to – all the smokers – current smokers to stop, to take away all the current smokers' rights.  And also economically speaking, smokers will have – smokers who are addicted or dependent on cigarettes will have to experience withdrawal effects immediately with the complete ban of smoking and that will mean...

I feel that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Singapore because of three reasons.  The first is personal health to smokers because smoking has been directly linked to many diseases such as cancers and respiratory diseases.  Secondly, smoking in a restaurant affects not just the smokers themselves but also the people dining around him.  In Singapore, there is the policy of a smoking corner marked out by a yellow box that allows smokers to continue smoking while not affecting the other people around them, but the thing is smoke does not simply stay in an area, it goes with the wind.  So if restaurants ban smoking, then everybody will not be affected by smoke.  So there will be no secondhand smoke that's inhaled by people that are dining near smokers.  And lastly, for the good of the taste of food, smoking should be banned in restaurants because after you smoke, your taste buds get affected...

Some people will want smoking to be banned because of the negative health consequences, not just for the smokers themselves but also for the people around them.  So, with the negative externalities generated with issues such as secondhand smoking, people who are not smokers suffer the negative consequences – negative health consequences as well. In addition, for restaurants, especially those air-conditioned restaurants, the smell of the cigarette lingers and does not – and for those non-smokers, the smell might be a bit annoying for them.  Okay, so what I do not agree why smoking should be completely banned is because it infringes on the freedom of individuals.  For countries who are – particularly on the freedom – the freedom of expression and freedom of rights, people would not support this completely...

Okay, in Singapore, there are actually like sections in the restaurant for smokers and non-smokers and I think there is a rule that says that there should be, like, some distance – some specific distance between them, so I don't think there is a need to ban smoking.  And I think it would be really inconvenient for the smokers, although I am not a smoker and my family are non-smokers as well, but I think there is no need to ban smokers – I think the restaurants, the business will be adversely affected, so there is no need to ban smoking.  And even if it is banned, like smokers can still smoke outside or something, so I think that the point of banning smoking...

Other than the negative health effect on the smoker and the people around him or her, smoking is also so costly.  Cigarettes tend to be very expensive and smokers who are heavy smokers will spend a lot of money in order to buy these cigarettes and keep up with this habit of theirs.  As such, they will spend a large proportion of their income and some of whom may not even be able to afford that amount and that cost incurred by cigarettes.  Also, smoking – while smoking can be detrimental, there is a positive impact in terms of economic benefit for the country and this can be seen in how there are heavy...

Yes, I do agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants.  The first reason is that secondhand smoke is detrimental to whoever nearby that breathes it in.  Second – the second reason is that even if a restaurant has a designated smoking area outside of the building, it – the people sitting in that area might not necessarily all be smokers.  So in the case of a family who – maybe who have young children, if they sit near a smoker, then these children actually suffer the effects of secondhand smoke.  Thirdly, a restaurant is a place where – for people to come together and to eat their food in enjoyment, so the smell of smoke is already quite a turn off, so it's actually not – it is better...

I think smoking should be banned because of all the detrimental health effects it gives, especially secondhand smoke.  I mean, it's not only detrimental to the smoker itself but secondhand smoke is actually more dangerous.  I think if smoking is banned, it would be for the betterment of society as a whole because I'm sure they will be also be more productive as people stop falling sick and incurring extra healthcare cost for the company and for themselves as a load. And I think overall people would be healthier, enjoying a better happier life.  But then again, I wonder if there will be other problems because people may try to like sneak in and smuggle all these cigarettes so they will be able to, like, settle their smoking addiction.  And I think banning is quite an extreme thing.  Maybe perhaps they could give some time to the smokers to slowly adjust to life without cigarettes as a whole...

I personally disagree with the statements because I feel that banning smoking completely at all restaurants is a rather extreme measure.  Personally, I don't like the smell of smoke nor do I enjoy being in a company of smokers very much.  However, I do believe that at the end of the day each and every one of us should have the right to choose for themselves – for himself or herself, what he or she would want to consume.  However, if that choice is affecting – is negatively affecting others around them, then perhaps other alternatives or other arrangements can be made for these people who choose to smoke, such as, for example, giving them a designated location to smoke or perhaps limiting their times at which they can smoke, or just other – other means through which you can have a compromise and the best of both worlds where you allow the choice of smoking to be had and at the same time to protect those who...

We should also take into account where families visit restaurants and dine outside with their little children who are very sensitive – still going out and very sensitive to smoke, yeah.  And so – so to actually ban smoking in dining areas in a restaurant actually would help to increase the air quality around the restaurant and actually benefit more customers and – because the smoke from smoking is harmful, yes, and especially to little children, you do not want them to pick up the habit, and so we actually try to – try not to expose little children to the harmful smoke that is being exhaled by these cigarettes, yeah, and so, yeah, so that's about it.  Yes, so, I feel that smoking should be banned in all eating areas and restaurants.

Okay, I – sorry, in response to my first task, I don't believe that smoking should be banned in – in restaurants definitely because restaurants are a place firstly that is frequented by the general public and we cannot cater just – just for smokers because there are non-smokers there and non-smokers clearly have – the reason why they choose not to smoke is because they treasure their health and they wish – they prioritize it over choosing the benefits of smoking. And so, clearly to please the – like, to cater to the wider audience and to families and to the general public, smoking should be banned in all restaurants for the – because it clearly goes against and is detrimental to public health because it causes lung cancer and other forms of cancers which are scientifically proven.  And so, smoking should instead be...

