I think smoking be banned at restaurants in the country.  First, I think it's a respect to others – to others or to the customers.  Maybe others don't like the smell or even they don't smoke.  When I have a meal at the restaurant, I hope eat a good place and I can relax having my meal without bad smells.  And if I am – I am – I am an owner of the restaurant, I would take no smoking as a rule in order to respect my customers.  To me, I don't smoke and also don't like the smell.  And I think smoking is – is bad for – bad for our health.  So it's – it's bad for our health so...
I think smoking should be banned at the restaurant in the country.  First, I think it's a respect to others.  Maybe, others don't like the smell or even they don't smoke – smoke.  When I am having a male – a meal at restaurant, I hope eat a good place and I can relax having my meals without bad smells.  If I – and if I am an owner of the restaurant, I would take no smoke – I would take no smoking as a rule in order to respect my customers.  To me, I don't smoke and also don't like the smell, so – because I don't smoke, so I hope that my friends and my family don't smoke.
I think smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country because smoking is very harmful for our human bodies, and it's harmful to our friends, our families, and everyone beside you.  Besides, the money on smoking is very expensive.  Without those money, you can do everything, so I think smoking is only harm to our bodies and we should – we shouldn't smoking in public sites.
Let me think about it.  Yes, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country.  In Taiwan, there is a law to ban the people who is nicotine addicted to smoking in the public.  Smoking is a worse – worst habit.  It's not only make bad influence in everybody's health but also may bring the lung cancer to the smoker.  If you start to smoke, it will be a tragedy in your future life.  Otherwise, people who smell...
I think smoking should be banned everywhere because smoking is – is bad for people, and it hurts not only you but also other peoples, so you can't smoking everywhere and you can protect others...
I don't agree smoking – smoking makes people feel uncomfortable and it makes people get cancer – cancer.  It seems no benefit for people and some smoker even throw cigarette butts on the floor.  He makes the environment dirty – dirty.  Smoking is totally bad – has no any other advantage for humans but many people – many people like to do.  In our campus, also have many smokers.  Sometimes, they will smoke in campus but nobody will stop them.  They make other student feel bad...
I did – I agree smoking should be completely banned at restau – restaurants in the country because smoking is not good for health and the smoking will make you get a cancer.  Somebody don't like smoking, so you should respect them nonsmoking people.  Smoking is not a – not harm yourself but harm the other people, so in my opinion, I – I thought smoking should be completely banned everywhere.
If you ask me, I would certainly say yes because I [***] from passive smoking – passive smoking.  It is not only about me.  It is very long time, long time ago.  When I was a child, my father's friend gave me a cigarette and I had got intensive cough at that time.  At that time, I was studying in kindergarten.  Are you okay, no, I cannot breathe, beside that this effect my father would smoke in my home in the past, and I don't like the smoke.  It really made me uncomfortable, the story is that.  Let's back to the topic.  I am totally approval that smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the – in the country because it may affect other people when they are eating.
Yes, I agree smoke should be – should not – I am agree in the restaurant, should not smoking in the restaurant because it is very stinky and the smoke is bad for everyone and restaurants must be – children will be in restaurants, so it's bad for children and it's bad for smoking people to...
I think smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants because restaurant is a place that everyone - everyone - everyone eats in – at that - and not everyone like smoking smell.  If you – if someone smoking there may could – maybe say like someone don't want to eat or throw up.


I agree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because smoking is very bad.  It should be - smoking is bad for our health.  For our health if we need – we need – smoking is bad for our health.  If our health is not good, when we do a job work – work – work, we – smoking should be completely banned at all...


I agree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because it smells so bad and beside you will influence other people in the restaurant and that is bad for our health.  Take my friend, [***] for example.  He is like smoking.  So, his health is – his health is so bad.  But after he stopped to smoking, he do many exercise, his health is becoming well.  So, I think smoking is bad thing, so I don't agree smoking.


I think smoking completely banned at all restaurants because I hate smoking.  It will make me feel uncomfortable.  So, I am very hate smoking.  Smoking is not good to health.  So, it can show [***]...


I agree because I had someone who smoke and even in class [***], so I think – and I think in restaurant, someone - we – we have to respect any other people, so we can't do – we can't do I want in – in there and I think restaurant is – is – we should – we should give...


Well, I don't agree smoking should be completely banned at – at all restaurants.  You know you have to respect the different people think and restaurant should be the place that make people to feel ease and relax, so I may be smoking – smoking this thing as a freedom, somebody likes, somebody don't like, and like me I – I don't like to smell the secondhand smoke but I respect that people want to smoke, so not completely ban it at all restaurant, they can have decide just two places, one smoking, another is not smoking.  That will...


I strongly - strongly agree smoking should be complete – complete – complete banned at all restaurant - all restaurants because the smoke will harm our body and make us – make us unhealthy, so we will – we may get cancer.  If we get cancer, our family member and our friend, our classmate, especially our family member will unhappy and when we get cancer, we should pay...


Smoking is - I – I agree smoking be completely banned at all restaurants because when people is smoking it influence the other people and the smell is very bad and it will influence our mood, our intent and our emotion and our – our – our - so on.  If the smoking can ban – can be banned at all the restaurants, I think it can improve the involvement and it can be more – more – it can protect our - not in only in a restaurant...


I think smoking should be banned at restaurant in the country.  First, I think it's a respect to others.  Maybe, others don't like the smell or even they don't smoke.  When I have a meal – when I having a meal at the restaurant, I hope eat at a good place that I can relax having my meal without bad smell.  And if I am an owner of the restaurant, I would take no smoking as a rule in order to – in order to respect my customers.  To me, I don't smoke and also don't like the smell.  Smoking is bad for our health, so I won't smoke as – as could as I can and I also advice my friends or my family to not smoking in – in order to respect others.
I think smoke should be banned at restaurant in the country.  First, I think it's a res – respect to others.  Maybe, others don't like the smell or even they don't smoke.  When I having a meal at the restaurant, I hope to eat at a good place that I can relax having my meal without bad smells.  And if I am an owner of the restaurant, I would take no smoking as a rule in order to respect my customers.  To me, I don't smoke and also don't like the smell, so I hope my family and my friends don't smoke and no smoke – no smoking should be not only at the restaurant but all the public places should be banned.
I think smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country because smoking is so harmful to our bodies and it's not correct to smoking in the public sites because you will harm to the people around you, and they don't want to take smoke.  Besides smoking is expensive is very large.  You can use the money to buy new clothes or go travel or buy novels, but you buy smoke – but you buy cigarettes and harm your body, so I think it is a not sensible choice to smoking and...
Let me think about it.  I basically agree that smoke should be completely banned at every country because people who now smoke will have more and more serious problems than smokers.  So if we can ban smoking in the public, it's a greatest news to everyone because smoking may hurt everybody's health not only smoker oneself.  I really have read in Taiwan, there is a law to ban many smokers to smoke...
There are lots of reasons that support my answers.  Maybe, I can draw one or two to test you but smoking is bad for our health.  It is fatal to our health, and second cigarettes are becoming expensive.  It may spend a lot of money and hurts our body, so I think smoking should be complete...
I don't agree smoking – smoking make people feel uncomfortable, and it makes people get cancer.  It seems no benefit for people and some smoker even throw cigarette butts on the floor.  He makes the environment dirty.  Smoking is totally bad – has no any other advantage for humans but many people like to do.  In our campus also have smokers; sometimes, they will smoke in cam – in our campus.  They make other students feel bad and walk away quickly.  In our campus, we have no one will stop them in – in short, I hope that one day no one will smoke that everybody will be healthy.
I agree smoking should be completely banned at restaurants – restaurants in your country.  Smoking is not good for your liver, also make your life become very horrible and the smoking is very expensive.  You can save this money to have a lot of [***] and it can make your family be health because they don't – they don't spend your [***] smoking and then you will go so...
As I said, I am totally approval that smoking should be completely – completely banned at restaurants in any country because it may affect other people when they are eating.  If they really want to smoke, just go out of the restaurant and come.  I don't think you will not like to – I think you will not like to smell it when you are eating.  Maybe, you will speak, at least I will.  In addition, smoker and people of smelling passive –passive smoking will not know this.  Smoking will make your lungs diseased.  There are lots of people dying from the lungs disease every year.  I can't understand why smoke – why to smoke as there is no – this make their body getting unhealthy and even...
Yes, I agree.  I think we can't smoking in restaurants because it is very stinky, and it will make the children – a bad effect for children and it is best for everyone to so I agree smoking is bad...
I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because restaurant is a place everyone goes to eat.  If their – if someone smoking there, that makes people if their – felt – umm – uncomfortable or want to throw up and smoking is not good for people.  So, I think smoking should be completely banned at restaurants.  It's good for everyone.


Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants, I agree with the statement because smoking is not good for our health and if you are smoking, it just not – it's just not smoke – it's not - it's not just to – not good to yourself but also the others.  So, I agree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants for that recommend...


I agree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because it smells so bad, because it will influence other people in the restaurant and that is bad for our health.  Take my friend as example, he likes to smoking, so his health is so bad, but after he stopped smoking and remaining I think his health is becoming well.  So, I don't agree smoking.  Besides smoking can spend many money and you can use this money to many good things, so smoke...


Smoking is completely banned at all restaurants, yes I agree with this statement because to avoid smell smoke – smoking.  The smoking is – the smoking is very – very – very uncomfortable.


I disagree with this statement because I have someone smoking and it – I can't breathe if someone smokes – smoking and in restaurants, I think we have to respect other people and – and - people who – who – who in restaurants wants to eat and take a breath.  So, it has – it has to we can't – we can't do what we want – what we want in life and respect other peoples.  So, I disagree with this statement.


Well, I don't agree smoking should be completely banned at – at all restaurants, not completely banned because I think that smoking is a free way to choose.  Somebody likes smoke, somebody don't like smoke and like me I hate to smell the secondhand smoke that will make me can't breathe, but I respect the people who love or like to smoke and that before they do this one, I wish maybe they can have different places.  They – there's people like to smoke they will like to go to restaurant too, but some people can't smell the secondhand smoke, so maybe we should try and just let it to be two parts.  That will be okay and...


I – I agree – I completely agree that smoking should be completely – wait a minute – should be completely banned in all restaurants because – because – because – because the smoking will hurt our body.  It will make me get cancer.  So, smoking should be banned in restaurant.  Wait - I have three reasons – three reasons.  That is my first reason and my second reason is restaurant is a closed place.  If one is smoking in that, any reason for, it will affect...


I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants because when people smoking in the restaurants, it will influence other people such as their emotions, their mood, and so health and it will also - it's very harmful to the environment and the area.  If many people smoking, they also influence a lot in the environment.  So, I think it should be banned at all the restaurants and you can - not only hotels, the restaurants, but also [***] umm – and we can harm the people who are smoking in the...


