I think smoking be completely banned at the restaurant in the country.  Well, we debate this question for a long time and in my opinion, in my country, I don't think that it should be banned totally.  It's totally not necessary for that [***] going to smoke [***] my family.  But I don't think smoking should be banned in the restaurant, but it will be really nice to have that but then again the smokers won't be able to enjoy their food as what I have realized.  Everyone has some sort of [***] but nonsmokers prefer to have their food without smells of nicotine while the smokers probably feel more relaxed with the cigarette in hand and to mention to both parties smokers and nonsmokers setting up different kinds of...
And the topic is smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in the country and I agree this opinion totally.  I think smoking is – do harm to our body too much and you know that the more popular word is quit – [***] smoking and you don't smoking but you can also hurt by smoking very much.  So somebody is smoking in the restaurant is also do much harm to you, so we must – we must suppose that smoking should be completely banned in...
I think smoking should be completely banned by other restaurants in the country because smoking is not only bad for smoker but also the second-hand smoking also will cause damage to greater changes in others, and also the restaurant is meant to be a place where people hang in with their friends and spending – spending quality – quality time with their family.  So I don't see any reasons why people should smoke in the restaurant that could be ruin the moment and atmosphere in the restaurant.  And smoking is really bad to the environment and also bad to the people's health.  So I think smoking is definitely should be banned at the restaurants in the country and, yes, these are these disadvantage that is strongly convinced that people shouldn't...
I am agreeing with the statement of smoking should be completely banned at all situation.  On the one hand smoking actually – actually do bad to – to the smokers themselves which damage their – their breath systems.  And on the other hand, it also too bad to the people around the smokers.  I think the smokers – I think the smokers shouldn't [***] things – to prepare to themselves – meanwhile prepare to...
My answer is yes.  Smoking should be completely banned and – at restaurants in the country.  If people smoking in the restaurant, it may bring out many problems such as people have no appetite to have meal because of the big odor, the smoke, and quite various women who is pregnant inside the country too, the – the effects of smoking is out of our expectancy.  We can control the – without – if smoking makes some bad influence on that pregnant woman that...
In my opinion, I definitely agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Taiwan.  First, there are a lot of reasons that I can support – support my ideas.  Maybe, I can list one of – one or two to you.  First, smoking is bad to our health, so we should ban smoking.  Second, smoking cigarettes are became more and more expensive because a lot of tax on the cigarettes.  Apart from smoking is not good to our health, it is – it is also expensive...
I think it is not necessary smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because I think smoke is one free – one's free – one's right and if you don't like – but I think restaurant have – have the right set a smoking room for the – for the person who – who wants to smoke and they – they cannot affect the other people that don't want to – want to smoke the – the second-hand smoke.  But I think it's not necessary completely banned at all restaurant smoking and so – although smoking is bad for the health, but I think every – every adult has – has the right to – to decide whether...
Yes, I agree smoking should be banned at all restaurants in – in this country, Taiwan.  Yes, smoking is a bad habit not only hurting yourself but also others, especially in restaurants is a public area and everyone have the right to go there to eat and enjoying their lunch or dinner.  In the café, if someone smoking there, the air – the air – the – the fresh air was dirty and maybe can influence – influence others most when eating dinner or lunch, so it's not a good idea to affect others.  If you want to smoking...
I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants in this country because I am a nonsmoking people, and I really don't like the smell of smoke and if in – in the inside, I – inside the room of a restaurant I don't want to have second smoke – second-hand smoke because I know it's bad for my health and people smoking – people who smoke it – it – they don't – they don't have – they don't know how the smell – how bad...
Basically, I agree with this statement that smoking should be a totally banned or totally abandoned at all restaurants in – in the country.  Why?  Because human has right to have – to breathe a pure air and they – in a restaurant which is a public places for all the people, I think even it's well-mannered if there is no smokers around the restaurant.  Moreover smoking could cause pollute...
I agree smoking should be completely banned at – at all restaurants because many customers that – which are – which couldn't – which don't – that don't smoke and - they – that don't smoke, they will – they couldn't accept when these other people smoking in the restaurant.  Maybe they cannot eat their food when they smell the smokes.  And that - when people smoking in the restaurant will destroy other customers' emotion because many people couldn't accept the smell when they are eating.


Yes, I totally agree.  I cannot think of any reason to against it.  As we know we all know that smoking is not only bad to our health, to others as well right and most important also it smells really awful, the smell.  Restaurants I think are places for us to eat, to enjoy great food you know, nice chairs, beautiful light you know those things and decorations and not - just not – just not the places for smoking.  I think it's not only to me, but to most people, right?  I think...


Yes, I – I think I support smoking banning at every restaurant because as a client when you go to the restaurant, it's supposed to enjoy your meal and enjoy your atmosphere with your friend or family, but if I find you smoke and you -maybe you are ruining others - ruining others joy from this and you also affect yourself - affect yourself and affect other because if you want - like to smoke, you can smoke somewhere else and because a lot of people don't like the smell of smoking and it's not fair they have to accept the smoke, and I think when you go to restaurant, you are supposed to just eat and stay there and chatting with people.  If you want to smoke...


Yes, I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because I don't – I hate smoke when – I hate smell of smoking everywhere and especially when I eating something – when I eat something I don't like to smell the smoking from others.  If someone smokes in the restaurant, how can we smell the good smell of the food – so - and because the smoke – smoking is not healthy for us, for our lungs.  So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants and those who....


I think I am not totally agree with this, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants because people who smoke they have the right to smoke, but we – but they can't bother others, so if the restaurant have a smoking area, they can smoke inside, that's no problem.  But, if the restaurants do not have a smoking area, the people who smoke should not smoke inside.  In around the various – a lot of my friends do not like the smoke, so many people think the little smoke is disturbing.


I definitely agree the statement of smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because smoking can hurt people very much.  It can that people get cancer.  We - in a restaurant not only the person smoking are there, there are also many other people in the same room, so to – to let other people healthy, we should ban smoking at all restaurants.  We - if we do this statement, not only customer but also the workers in the restaurant can be protect and I think....


I think smoking should become completely banned at all restaurants.  The reason for I think that because I think that well - while you are eating and you smell the smoke - smoking if someone is smoking besides you, it is – it will disturb your appetite for your meal and if the restaurant don't want to lose all the customers that who will smoke, they should set a room or a place to – for them - for all the smokers to smoke just in that room and they shouldn't smoke while others are eating.

Another reason is that – is because in a research that itself...


What I was saying in fact setting up nonsmoking and smoking areas seems like the best way to solve these kind of problems and seems like to be a must to do like letting everyone enjoy their food and feeling relaxed in their own way in their separate lifestyle by, you know, crashing either principle of life.  I don't think more respectful – more respectful and you know actually much tries to everyone enjoy our food in our life the way that we want.  It's only the fact others discovers we don't want to stink or smell and want to go outside instead of like making all the restaurants and everyone else enjoying...
And the topic is smoking should be completely banned in the – in all the restaurants in the country.  And I agree this – agree this opinion totally and you know smoking is to harm to your body too much and in – in this years is also popular word named second [***] – second smoking hurts, you know, you don't smoking and you also can hurt it – hurt – hurt by smoking very much, so in the restaurants somebody is smoking, and it also do harm to you so much so we must say that we should find...
According to my last statement, I think smoking is not only bad for the smoker's health but also it can cause greater damage to others who inhaled second-hand smoking and restaurant is also the place for enjoyment and people spending quality time together, so I don't think that smoking is proper for the people in restaurants and so smoking is not – it should be banned in this country as well.  And, well, our government has issued a law that public – the smoker should not smoke in some places, and they also have some place for smokers to smoke so they – so others won't inhale second-hand smoking.  And I think smoking is – that is why I think smoking should be completely banned by...
I am agreeing with the statement of smoking should be completely banned at all the situations.  On the one hand, smoking do bad to the smokers themselves which – which can damage their respiratory systems.  On the other hand, if – they also – the smoke – they also do bad to the people around the smokers and without their agreement, I think it's not very good.  Therefore...
The smoking people are selfish that they won't consider other's feeling about the smoke.  Many people don't like the smell – smell of second-hand smoking.  As – as above example, if a pregnant – pregnant woman smoke the bad smoking that her baby might be a freak at the birth.  No one have to tell the possibil – tell the responsibility but the baby is innocent that he – he or she might not...
Smoking is very bad to people.  It may lead to lung cancer and lung cancer was very – was fatal to human beings because we can – we cannot notice the symptoms – symptoms of the – of this disease at the very beginning and when we found – when we found it and the cancer, it becomes very serious that the doctors cannot – cannot heal the disease and people will become weak and weak gradually and – and people may die.
I think it's not necessary – smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because I think everyone – every adult has the right to decide whether you – you want to smoke or – or not.  Although, smoking is bad for the health, but they decided to do that.  But they have [***] that they cannot affect – affect the other people that don't want to smoke the second-hand smoke.  So I think the restaurant has a – has a – has a right to set up a smoking room for those who want to smoking and doesn't – and doesn't affect the other people who doesn't want to smoke the second-hand smoke.
Yeah, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Taiwan.  It's not only hurt yourself but others and besides in the society, modern people also live under a lot of pressure, so maybe smoking is a way to given to your strength.  But it's not good for your health and a lot of strain can make us life shorter that is we may die earlier than before and plus like you smoking and it hurts – it hurts your health seriously, so I don't think it's a good idea to smoking and...
And I also think smoking people, they don't have to smoke in the restaurant necessarily.  They can smoke in the park or – or somewhere outside – somewhere at a glass space for them and have fresh air.  I think that's good for them to smoke outside.  But if they smoke somewhere inside the room or restaurant, they will – they will make others feel uncomfortable.  So I think it should be banned at all restaurants and the...
I think that smoking statement may not be true or may not be so suitable for – for people.  If – if smoking can – can be banned at – at most restaurants in this country and then I will say, okay, I – I totally agree with this why rather than all restaurants because people who – who like to smoke, they may have some – some interest, they may have some potential – they may have some potential...
I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because when people were smoking in the restaurant, some other customers couldn't effect the smell and may – may - make their emotion bad because they will think the smoke is smelly and when people who want to smoke, I think they should stand outside the restaurant to smoke instead of sitting in a restaurant smoking and many – many people couldn't...


I think that – I think they are in a place where the doors are closed and with the air conditioning turning on, the smokers I think they should show some respect to others, not all people like the smell of smoking – of the cigarettes, right?  The smell in your restaurant should be coming from the food, the food you order or someone else and definitely not from the cigarettes and umm – few people said – some people say that smoking helps them relax, like it helps them reduce stress.  I think it's not that.  They are just making excuses to make them okay to smoke.  I am sure...


As I said, 100% I – I fully support smoking ban in restaurants because like for example when I go to restaurant, I hope I can enjoy the atmosphere – atmosphere there and I paid money and why I should – I should enjoy the smoking from other peoples.  Because when I go to restaurant, I am – I am supposed to eat and sit there and chatting or doing something with family or friends and when some smoke here and you will totally ruin your – ruin your meal.  And even when you are enjoyed something like – like steak or like French fries or some rice and the smoke will ruin the smell of your – of your meal.  So, I think if those people want to smoke, they should totally go outside and smoke outside, so we don't...


Yes, I exactly agree with smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because smoking is not good for our health, especially for our lungs and – umm – I hate smoking when I eat something in restaurants.  If we smell the smoke, smoking in the restaurant, how can we smell the good smelling of food?  And I don't like the smoke – smokes and – umm – it's not good for my health.  So, I think the people smoke – the people smoke should...


For me, I – I am not that hate the smoke, but I think people who smoke should smoke in the right area.  So, it should be completely banned at all restaurants that to me.  I think they can smoke, but they can't bother others.  If they are smoking in the right – right place, it's fine for me - and - but for others, I don't know, but I can accept the smoke - I can accept the smoke because I grow up in the family who smokes a lot.  So, it's fine for me.  But in the public area, they should follow the rules.


I will say yes about smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  In the restaurants, not only the smoking person is there, but there are also a lot of people in the same room.  If the – the one person smoking, you will influence all the people around him.  That is very bad.  And smoking can let people get some cancer, get some disease.  So, smoking should be banned at all restaurants.  Not for – not just for the customer or – not just for the customer, but also the workers in the restaurants.  Ban smoking at all restaurants should be...


I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  The reason I think so is because everyone won't like if someone smoking besides you while you are having your meal.  Smelling the smoking – the smell of smoking will disturb your meal – your appetite for your meal.  And another reason is that before I have read in a research that it said that, second – second handed smokers will get more – will have the opportunity to get – to get cancer more than the one who smokes.  So, I think for everyone's good I think that all the restaurants should completely banned all the smoking and...


