Yeah, to my opinion, I think it is necessary for people to – to stop smoking in a restaurant because I think not everyone smoking, and if only one person smoke in the restaurant, then the – the whole people in the restaurant must be forced to smoke his second-hand – second-hand smoking, and it is not healthy for everyone, especially second-hand smoking.  So I think people can – people that are smoking can – can – can do that things after he or she finish his eating, finish his...
Yes, I agree that smoking should be banned at restaurants in the country.  I hate smoking, and I hate people smoking, and the smell of smoking is really, really disgusting, irritating, gross, making me uncomfortable, and the – the worst part is that no matter you smoke or not, it will cause damage to – to your health.  It will – it will really cause damage to your health.  Let me think, oh – oh – oh, it is said that inhaled secondhand smoke is more fatally than those who smoke, so well – so I think this is – I think thus smoking should be banned...
I quite agree.  People usually enjoy their time and relax themselves after a long day work, in restaurant to communicate or chat with their friends, family members, so it's amazing, interesting time, relaxing time.  However, if someone around you smoking, you will be awful and it's very upset smells of smoking, and it's very damage for people.  So we cannot allow – we cannot allow people to smoke when – when we are eating food.
Yes, I agree.  Smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country.  I think that smoking is a bad habit for people because it's very unhealthy for our bodies, also mental health, and second-hand smoking is also bad for us because when – when people are smoking, the smell of second-hand smoking will express around – around you.  So I think smoking should be complete – completely banned at the restaurants in the country, and the government should set up the law to protect the people from smokers.
I think smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country because others are eating their food but you smoke.  You have to eat the – eat like others, your smoke – smoke – your smoking will bother others.  Their foods will not get very delicious, and will get then unhealthy, and you will...
I totally agree with this statement became when you are at a restaurant, it's a public—you are in public, so you shouldn't smoke in a restaurant or in the public.  In my country, Taiwan, we ban people to smoke in public place.  I think that in Japan there should be complete ban at all restaurants, that is totally good idea, so I think that is very good idea to ban at all the restaurants that no one can smoke in the public or in restaurant.  I agree about that. 
I agree this statement; smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in – in my country because I don't like to smoke – smell of smoke because I think it is uncomfortable for me.  And I don't like it.  So I – I – I think it should be complete – completely banned at all restaurant.  And I want to eat food in a clean – clean restaurant.  And I think it is healthy for me.
I think smoking should be completely banned in all – in all restaurants.  First, I think it is very – it will – it – it will affect our health and our lung will become poor and when we buy – when we buy – buy [***] and that will cost our money very lot.  It is not a good thing, and while we are smoking, anyone will – anyone around us will also affect by our second-hand smoking.  It is not a good thing for me and for – and for every – and for others, and second, it is very...
I think smoking should be totally banned at all restaurants in Taiwan because if you smoke in the restaurant, then you will make other people don't have any choice to – as now or in home, your second-hand tobacco smoke – second-hand tobacco smoke will harm people's health.  So I think people shouldn't smoke in restaurant because if you smoke, then other people will be influenced by your – by the – by the...
I agree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because first it's not for – it's not healthy to –to – to other people to - smoking is not very, is not healthy.  And smoking in public place and public restaurant is not good to others and if you want to smoke you can go outside, so if you want – if someone want to enjoy their meal, they - I think they don't want to – they don't want to smell the bad – bad smoking and also....


Yes, I do - I – I agree with smoking should be complete – completely banned at all restaurants because smoking is really bad – bad for health and it may cause many cancers, for example lung cancer and if – or if you – if we smell – smell secondhand smoke it will also cause many problems for our – for our body.  So, I say – I really agree with - with smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.


I 100% agree that no smoking in public, especially it should be completely banned at all restaurants because people want to go to a restaurant for food and I believe they want the place to be very clean and when used someone smoke there and make the area dirty and I believe no people want the secondhand smoking.  So that's why I agree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants and I believe smoking make some like the – the cancer and the...


I agree – I agree with the statement that smoking should be complete- com – completely banned at all restaurants for – for the reason one is that I think – I think smoking is not good for people.  Sec - reason 2 is next some people don't like smoking and it smell really bad.  I think people will lose their appetite when they are – in their dining time if the smell of bad and then third is if the ash is falling on our food it's really – it's really not healthy for – for people and it is – it is also dirty for the environment for...


Well, I agree smoking – should - should be completely banned at all restaurants because all of we know that smoking is bad for our health, so why others that not – not like smoking need to – need to – need to with smoking – need to stay with others like they are – they are liking smoking.  They can - smoking people can go to outside and they can just smoke free.  Because if you are at the restaurant, all restaurant can smell that smoking.  It's very bad for our health and likely there – likely in a restaurant are the women or – women, olders or some baby....


I think smoking is for someone – maybe they are addictive to _smoking, but in a restaurant – restaurant should ban, I don't think is great because someone has already had the addiction, so if you just ban it they will feel very unfair, so in all the restaurants I think we can divide in two parts, one is for ban smoking, the other is free smoking.  I think it's more fair – I think it's fairer than you just ban – just ban – just ban.  Smoking is not always bad, sometimes it can release – relief – release your pressure and for someone if they always in a tough – big pressure working – working environment, I think it is very important for them to relax their bodies and minds, so...


I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because not everyone can accept smoking, especially in the restaurant.  It's a place to have – have meals and it should be clean – it should be clean and – it should be clean - the smoking that pollutes the air in the restaurant.


Yes, I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because smoking is not any use of smokers themselves.  It's more likely the – a concern because of other people in the restaurant.  The smoke will [***] on all other customers in the restaurants.  They will smell the smoke and it's very bad for their health and some people don't like the smoke - the smell of the smoke and so they will not come to the restaurant again if the restaurant not ban the smoking.  Normally, it will...


I agree with the statement.  Personally, I really hate the smoke.  I – I don't like to smell and I don't want to be harmed by the smoke when – when I walking – when I walk on the street and I think it's not fair if they – if people can smoke in the restaurant because it's a public place and people - maybe many people there don't smoke at all, but we have to be – we have to influence by them, because the smoke is not really agreeable and we – we may be harmed or cancer will be harm if we sit close to them and also I think the environment...


I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  I think that we all have the choice to – to chose smoking or not smoking.  So – so I think the restaurants have to divide another areas for people that – for people who smoking and – and I think the most important is not the restaurant do good or do perfect for – I think – because I think the restaurant, their purpose is to service customers, so – so they should – should let - should let customers feel...


I think smoking should ban at all restaurants.  In my opinion, many people they don't like the smell of the smoke.  That smoke [***] if they want to smoke, they can go – go outside and smoking.  They - it shouldn't bother other people, so they need to create space for – for the people they don't smoke and respect them, because only those few people that smoke, but most of the people they don't like the smell and it will make them feel uncomfortable, so I – I think that place should ban the smoking people.


I agree with this statement.  I think smoking should be comp - completely banned at all restaurants, and because I think – I think smoking is bad for hum – bad for our healthy and also – also disturbs the – the right of the – of other customers in the restaurant, and I think people who smoking in the restaurant will be – will be disturbed other customer's right and this – and no one want – wants to go who smoking...


For smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants, I think that it should be – it should be banned because first if you smoke you might – you might influence the people who want to really enjoy the taste, the smell of the food in the restaurants.  I think that – that will make them very want to vomit or very - feel very awful.  I think - I think smoking in the restaurant is very – how do I say – influence others healthy and – and healthy I think it's pretty – how to say - very important for everybody's worry for their health and I think it....


I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because smoking is – is bad for other person.  Smoking is – is unhealthy to no smoking behaviors.  I think everybody should respect other people.  Smoking will – no - bad smell to other people.  So, we should....


I feel that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants [***] for smoking.  So, I - when I eat in the restaurant, the people smoking is very - the smell is not good and my father – my father has – had – smoking, so I was very [***] I think it should – and the smoking is - is...


I think smoking should be complete - completely banned at all restaurants because I think when I was eating at a restaurant, I don't like the smoking product to my – product onto my food and – and also smoking is a bad – bad habit and so I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.

Also, I think smoking when eating at restaurants, I also think that smoking usually don't have to - when you are eating you don't have to smoke at the restaurant, also needs to respect others who are eating food, and I also think that – so - smoke is really should be banned...


Yeah and second opinion is that I think people don't – don't really – don't really need to smoke in the restaurant because I think it is weird.  Why?  And the reason is that we cannot just eat and smoke at the same time, yeah.  I think all people should do in the restaurant is only talking and – and eating and, yeah, enjoy their meal in the restaurant and – rather than smoking, so I think it is not necessary for people to smoke in the restaurant, yeah, unless they finish their meal so – and you – you can...
Well, I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants in the country.  I don't like smoking really, really much, and I think that smoking should be banned in – in the whole world, you know.  In fact, my school keeps students from smoking on the campus, but it does keep them from the campus – from the campus.  Every time when I left the area, where smoking is banned, every time, there must be some people smoking.  I hate it so much.  It – it smells really, really, really terrible.  Oh, oh, my husband can't definitely smoke at all.  If he do, he can't be my husband anymore.  Thus, I will say, yes, it's bad stuff, should smoking be banned at restaurants or not, he can't smoke – he can't smoke at the restaurant.
I quite agree because people usually enjoy their time and to relax themselves after a long day work in restaurant, where they eat and chat with their family members or their friends.  So, it's very interesting time.  However, if someone around you smoked, it's very awful to smell the smoking, and what's more, this damage for people, so we should not allow smoke to be – smoke to – smoke while others are in their dinner time.
Yes, I agree.  Smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country.  I have three points to support smoking should banned.  First, due to the scientific researches, smoking is one of the reasons that we get lung cancer.  Lung cancer is a very serious disease that the medical teams can't find out any medicine to treat.  It is unhealthy for our body.  Second, when you are smoking, you may express the smell of second-hand smoking.  The smell – smell of second-hand smoking may hurt people's health.  At last, smoking may cost you lots of money.  If you smoke twice or more a day, you will go to convenience store to buy more cigarette, and you will spend a lot of – a lot of money on buying cigarette.  Hence, I think smoking...
I think smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country because at restaurants, others – all others are eating and you are smoking.  You have to do the same thing like others, and think if others are smoke – smoking and you are eating, and what's the – what will the – how will the food smell and eat – and eat and taste.  And you will affect the restaurant's business, so the restaurant...
When you smoke in a restaurant or in public, it will bother other – other people who don't smoking.  They will think that is very uncomfortable for them, so – so the government should ban all the people to – ban all people not to smoke in public or the restaurant.  So I agree that – that – I agree that don't smoke in public is very, very good, at least my point, and...
I – I think it – it should be complete – completely banned smoking at all restaurants because I think I don't like to smell the uncomfortable because it will affect me to eat food.  And I want to eat delicious food in a clean – clean restaurant.  So I – I don't like somebody smoking in the restaurant, and – and I think – and – and – and I think it will be – I will be happy...
I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants because I – I have some following reasons.  First, I have seen the picture, it's not very good to anyone enter our country to see everyone is smoking.  And second, smoking will affect our health and others around us will always be affected.  And the third, smoke will cost our money a lot.  And – and fourth, I think smoking will affect the air quality around the world.  The earth's worth, the earth's worth will decrease.
I think smoking should be totally banned at all restaurants in Taiwan because if they have any customers smoke in the restaurant, then other customers will be influenced by the – by the second-hand tobacco smoke.  So second-hand tobacco smoke will hurt people's health so that I think restaurants should be totally banned the smoking – the behavior of smoking in their restaurants so that the – the place will be more clean, the smell will be clean...
I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  The first reason is it's not healthy and the second one is – umm - I think we have to respect other customers who are enjoying their meals – meal – and the last one is I think that smoking is not healthy and smoking influence other people when you are in – when they are not in the outside place and the air condition might be worse and there is...


Yes, I do.  I – I think I agree with smoking should be completely – completely banned at all restaurants because some people smoke in the – the restaurants and they don't go outside and it will cause – cause - it will make a lot of people to smoke - smell the smoke and it will hurt their body and it will cause – cause cancer too, and – umm – and it will cause a lot of cancer like lung cancer...


Well, I 100% agree, no smoking in public, especially no smoking in all restaurants because when people go to restaurants at least they want the clean food and the clean environment.  So, if someone smokes in the restaurant, it makes the air dirty and make other people uncomfortable.  Nobody like the secondhand smoking and especially it makes people feel very uncomfortable.  And when people smoke and it make - it hurt your body, especially you get cancer easier.  So...


I agree with this statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  My reason one is that I think smoking is not good for everyone's health, and second is that some people don't like – don't like – don't like smoking and hate the bad smell and I think it's very - if people smell bad – bad smell in the dining hall, they will lose their appetite, and third is smoking ash points on our food, it's not good - it's really not good for people to eat it.  And smoking also makes the – the air not fresh and it's not good for signing [***] environment and I think...


As I said before, not everyone is – is likes smoking.  So, if you want smoking – if you want to smoking, you can go to outside and have a good environment for others to eat.  Just – just smell the food and don't want - we don't want to smell the – smell – smell smoking.  It's not good for our health.  You can go to outside and it is also good for your wife and your children.  We all – we all want to have health bodies so that we can - we can live longer and we have a beautiful life, I think.  Smoking need be banned at all restaurants and all at work.  Everyone - every country should ban – ban smoking...


My stand is that I disagree with all ban about smoking but sometimes I agree with because in some restaurants, some parents will bring – bring their children to – to the restaurants.  I think it's not good for – for the children to inhale the – the bad air [***] but I think it is for health you need to ban it.  Although it will be unfair but in the – unfair [***] so I think this time I will agree with [***] that is all important and as I have – sometime I went to a restaurant, I don't want to...


Yes, I think that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant.  I have following reasons.  The first one is smoking is harmful for our health, and if you smoke in the public, other people should smoke your secondhand smoking.  The second reason is restaurant should be a clean and nice place for people to enjoy their meals.  So, if you smoke in a restaurant, their meals may cover by the bad smokes and people may not have appetite to enjoy it.  And the third reason is not everyone likes the smoke.  So if you smoke in the public, it's unfair for those who don't like the smoking and...


Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  As we all know, smoking is very bad influence upon the children health and smoking in a restaurant should – should be banned because the customers in the restaurants are not - all – all likely to – to - all likely to smell the smoke of the cigarette.  And in like - it is customers who usually go to the restaurants [***] outside.  Some smokers may – may be willing to go – go to the restaurant again because they are not banning in the...


Many people don't like to – don't like people who smoke such as when we walk on the street or we eat in a restaurant.  I think it's not fair if people who don't smoke have to share the same place with the people who smoke because I think we don't like the smell of the smoke and we don't want to be – our – our health to be harmed by the smoke but we cannot decide this if it may or – it may or not banned it when they smoke at all restaurants and I think the atmosphere in restaurant is such – have to be more agreeable because it's a – it's a place that we chat with friends and eat – eat together happily.  So, I think the – the environment of the...


I think restaurants should have another smoking area for people who want to smoking with eating their meals and - but – but I think that people who don't smoking, they also have their right to have a comfortable, comfortable area for – for their arrival.  So – so I think restaurants should be – should be div – dividing their area where – when people come to eat meals, they can feel – they - they are satisfying their smoking and also the meals the restaurant will be providing to them and...


My opinion is smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.  First of all, many people they don't like the smell of the smoke.  They may – may then feel disgusting and coughing all the time and if someone who like to smoke, they can choose - go outside the restaurant and enjoy their space, but with that, unless they don't like the smell or the feeling.  So, I think every place should ban the smoke, not only in the restaurant.  So, if they want to create space for smoking person...


I think people who smoking in the restaurant is very rude - rude thing and - because they didn't – because they don't think about other people – other people like when they are eating in the same restaurant, and this is also – this is also disturbance to have a – have a great – great meal and this kind of thing should be complete - completely banned at all restaurants because smoking is disturb – disturbance to have their right and...


I think that smoking in restaurant is not good because maybe in the restaurants, there might be some of the pregnant – pregnant women in the restaurants when – when they are enjoying their meal.  But the truth is smoking is not good for pregnant women honestly.  So, I think – I think that – I think ban – ban the smoking in restaurants is very important because maybe the pregnant – pregnant women, their baby maybe – maybe they will have asthma in the future when they are – when they are born.  So, it should be banned.  So, umm...


I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because smoking is unhealthy to our body.  Someone smoking people will – umm – will - not respect other people because the – the - it's smells bad and unhealthy to other people.  I think don't – don't smoking is respect to...


I agree – I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because I very hate smoking.  For me, if in the restaurant, the – the people smoking is pollute our environment and is very unhealthy to our body.  So, the – I think it will be banned in - my father has smoking himself but it is very bad for him, so he ban...


I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants.  Take me for example, I think when I was at my home, I usually ask – ask my my dad not to smoke at home because I think I want the fresh air and instead of smoking air and I think when you are eating food, you also need to respect others who are eating food and not just make others food full of smoking – full of smoke.  And I think that's why smoking should be completely – completely banned at all restaurants.  And so I - that's what I think for the smoking and well...


