Some people said that it is important for a college student to do a part-time job.  I agree with this because doing part-time job has many advantages just as first, we can make more money for using in the university.  And second, we can find the experience that we cannot find in the university or in the classroom.  And the third, we can find the new people and new friends and communicate with other people, socio [***] with other people and making good relation to many people for – a – for – to make them good friends in the future.  That is as good as friends that we can have...

I don't think so that the college student must have do – must do part-time job because anyone doesn't have [***] time to do something they want, just like or first one who have free time – more free time all day to do something they want and the last one who works all day and not have any free time.  So if the last one want to do a part-time job, but they haven't the time, you know, they have – they haven't time to do a part-time, even though they want, but the first one, he can, so it's not important to...

For me I think I disagree with this topic because I think that part time during studying at the university is not necessary because such as in my case – in my major I have to learn many of the subject and I need to understand it and I not have much more time to do part time together with learning because I think that is too hard to do the thing together and if I have much more time I think part time is cool because you learn...
As for college students, I do not believe that it is important to have a part-time job.  The first thing first is we come – we come to study, and we must pay most of our time with our studies in order to master our skills that we'll be using in the future as a career.  As for the part – part-time job it is not necessary.  If you have time you could do it, but if not – if you don't have time don't do it at all. You have to focus on how you study in the university, focus on the grades, build a good profile, and in the end you'll get the career that you want as well.  But, if you have – uh – some financial problems like you don't have enough money it might be important but really I disagree that it is – it is very important to have a part-time job.
A – I agree with the [***] that said it is important for college student to do a part-time job because doing part-time job has a many – many advantages, just as first we can make money in help the parents to – to get the money for using in the university.  And second, we can make or find a new experience that we cannot – we find in the classroom or in the college.  And third, we can work with other people that means we can find a new people and making new friends.  That is very good for me.  And because of there're no advantages for me to do a part-time job and the main point is we can arrange the money...

I don't think so.  The – it's not important for the college student to do a part-time job, you know, everyone doesn't have equal time to do something they want.  If the first one have – have more free time and the last one works all day and not even have free time.  You know if the last one want to do a part-time job, but they have [***] time to do.  They have no chance to do the part-time job.  And the la – and the first one, if they have a time, but they don't like to do a part-time job, yeah, it's okay for them to – not to do part-time job because everybody does...

I disagree with this topic because for me being the do the part time together with the learning at the uni – university is not necessary because in fact as in my case in my major electronic and telecommunication engineering I have much and many subject to learn and to understand and – and not have much more time to do it together and it – it very hard to do it together as beca – because I have much – much more time and if I have mu – much more time to do it I think the part time is...
A part-time job – uh – is a part-time job.  It might be something not related to what you're studying or career, but in the end it's just a part-time job that will somehow let's – uh – manage your time.  So, really you should focus on what you study because that's what you're going to do and in the university or college we – we study a lot. So, I think focusing on what we study is better more than getting some time on the part-time job.  If you have bad grades you won't get the career that you dreamed of as – uh – what – what you'll dreamed to living after being in college, so spending time on study is really better and part-time job does not actually make our grades better.  It has some – uh – it makes us get some experience about the – how the outside world is, but ac...

