I don't think it's important for college students to have a part-time job.  Actually, I don't think it's necessary.  There are some people might need money for their everyday spend and for the tuition.  Having part-time job might affect two ways in our life a good way and a bad one.  Good way is that you might learn social experience, working experience and other possibility aspect of experience and can earn money, make money [***] and probably hobbies and you can more mature than most of my friends that I know that have part-time jobs are more mature.  They think more and think far but the bad way is that it takes up a lot of time and it's pretty tiring to you and in fact [***] after learning that you might become a part-time job, part-time worker and a part-time student that [***] and most of us tend to focus on...
And you know, every coin has this two sides and high part-time job to a college student is also have its advantages and disadvantages.  In my opinion, I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job, you know – you know the fees in college is very high and it's higher and higher these years.  And you know in – to have a part-time, you can earn some money to make – make your life or to pay the college fees and your parents – and you can use more money for your study or shopping so it is very...
Well, personally, I don't think that it is necessary for college students to have a part-time jobs, and there are a couple of reasons to name.  First one is some of my classmates, they actually have part-time jobs, but they appear to be really exhausted in the – in the class and they did not do well in their exam performance which I take example.  For me, I have scholarship and I attended some contexts where I can gain very handsome income from, and I don't need to spend more time like a part-time job and I also get good grades from – in academic work, so I don't see any reason that college student should take a part-time job.  And I think they have to control their expenses.  They don't need so much expense as though as there are enough for their food...
I am aware with the statement of its important for college students to have a part-time job.  What we are saying is that I think that can improve student's social experience and improve their [***] to deal with – to their – to their job.  And they are reason I think student – the college student can also made – made friends with others during the working time that will – that will benefit to the future student life must.
Actually, I don't agree that the college students to have a part-time job is very important because the duty of a college student is still have to study hard.  If students spend a lot of time on job that they won't have time to study and take crisis.  It is totally upside down the attitude, what – what a college student should be.  I want to advice the students who wants to take part-time job have to get the balance between the study and working.
In my opinion, I think the answer to the question is depends on the student's situation.  If the – if the student have their free time and they don't know what to do, I think they can – they can have a part-time job and doing a part-time job, they can gain another experience from the schooling and if the students are busy in their schooling, I don't think they should have a part-time job because having a part-time job is, may cause – may cause a lot – may spend a lot of time.  And if the students put much more emphasize on...
I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job, but I think it's not suitable for every college student.  It's only suitable for the students who are junior or senior students because for – for sophomore or freshman in the college, they have too – too many – too many required – required course, and they – they don't have much free time to do the part-time job.,  If they do some part-time job, then they will have no time for studies, therefore junior or senior students – students, they have more time – they have more free time to do the part-time job and – and quickly they will get graduate and – and gain some experience – working experience to – to backing previously upon the situation of work, so I think...
Yes, I agree for college students, it's important for us to have some part-time job experience because it cultivates our essential responsibility, for example, if we – if we are working in a restaurant, it's our – it's our responsible for serving the customers and finish the boss who gave something for me to do.  So I think if you can balance your school course work – your course – your courses, why not taking some part-time job to make yourself more capability.
I think it is not necessary for a college student to have a part-time job because I think the most important thing for college student is to learn about the – the thing they are majoring and – and think of the future who they want to be and what they want to do.  I think that's more important than to have a part-time job.  But I – I also think a part-time job is sometimes good for students because students in school they didn't know how social works...
I – I agree this statement and I think it's, you know, important for college students to have a part-time job, yeah.  And why because student needs should be independent.  Yeah, before they get into the real – real society, just for the college student, I think they have – they need to make a living by themselves rather than taking the money from their – their parents.  Well, also...
I agree about the - our students to have a part-time job because now many universities become more and more expensive and many students need to pay lots of money to buy their books or doing some school activities, so having a part-time job is – is important for the college students, and also when they are doing part-time jobs then they can learn a lot of things such as being polite to their customers or some other behavior when they – when they didn't learn from the school.


Well, I don't agree with the statement which says that it is important for college students to have a part-time job.  It might be important for some people, you know for those who think that there are more things, something more meaningful or you may say useful works to learn out there, but I think – I think a student should do what a student ought to do.  I mean obviously they should focus on schoolwork and study hard to be - you know, to be ready or to be well prepared for the future.  It's far more important than spending time, taking lessons...


I agree for college student to have a part-time job because although as a student we are supposed – supposed to study and focus on our study but also we are – also adults and we cannot depend o - on our parents' income because we are over 18 and it's our responsibility to take care of our life, and so I prefer to do a part-time job but you cannot upset your study because we are still – still a student and you cannot leave both of that, you cannot do a part-time job but at the same time we need to study and as long as you have some of your own income you can buy anything you want and you don't have to every time to rely on your parents to ask for money from them and you feel more freely to – to use the...


Yes, I think it's important for college students to have a part-time job but it's not necessary because the part-time job can... it's hard to get balance between class and jobs, but if some people – if some students have the economic problems, I think it's better for them to – to have a part-time job because they can earn money for their school and have some experience in - for the future, and it's better for them to know the society earlier than other students who...


I think my parents divorced when I was 3.  My mom paid for all of my money, what I eat, what I wear, what I - where I go to the school and all of my this - expenditure, and I think to get a part-time job is very important for me because I want to support my family and also support my mom.  The – the money might not be too much but it – it still – it still can help my mom to release some pressure, so student to have a parttime job is really important for children – for student like us, and also my friends also got a part-time job in the – in the...


I agree with this statement.  Just like me.  I have gone to a part-time job after graduating from high school.  I worked in a restaurant.  In the restaurant, I learned a lot of things, which we can't learn in our normal life.  I learned how to guide the customer to their seat and make their order.  I also learned the skill of how to communicate with my room – my coworker and boss and management.  Also, I saw some – I saw the chef cook in the kitchen and taste many kinds of...


I agree that it is important for college student to have a part-time job.  The reason why is because I think that having a part-time job while we are still a college student is better for our future, because in the future after we graduate, we have to find our lifetime jobs not life – not for the whole life but you might need to find a job after you graduate, and having a experience while you still – you are still a college student is added for your resume to let the - your future company to see that, “Oh!  You have experience,” so you can – you have more choice, you have more chances to get the job you want to...


As I was saying that [***] on money and working, so actually I don't think it's necessary for college student to have a part-time job as I think that we already have enough things to worry about in school, courses, homework and you know at schools [***] clubs, basically take up most of your time.  But having a part-time job seems like a way to be and it is complicate in fact in advance but it seem to have miss out a lot in campus which you won't have in any chance after graduate which makes you a part-time worker and a part-time student and present job is definitely a way to learn, but I think it's probably better to do it during holidays or in winter or in summer vacations.  So you have enough time to work after graduate, so you don't have to be in a rush since you are in a limited time of student life.  So...
As you know, every coin have its two sides, you know, I think have a part-time job to a college student also have its advantages and disadvantages.  But in my opinion, I think to have a part-time job to a college student is more advantages than disadvantages.  Why?  I think first to have a part-time job or more money and you can use them – you can use the money to pay the college fees.  As you know, the college fees is – is higher and higher these years.  And you know you can use it for study or shopping and that and have...
Well, I think it is not necessary for college students to have a part-time job for – they might be exhausted in the day and they may not do as – as better as someone who doesn't have a part-time job because they are not so focused on their academic performance.  And I said I as take me as example, I have some income from scholarship and attending to some context, and it doesn't not take me much time, but I also got good grades and some – doing well.  And I think also another point is if they tried to keep their budgets tight or – to spend less on some unnecessary things they could be better and they don't need so much income during their study period.  And I also think it is also well enough to have keep your living standard and students – it is not so necessary for them to take part time job as long as they...
I am agreeing with the statement of it's important for the college student to have a part-time job.  One reason is that I think students can improve their social experience and also study – learn the specific experience of their – their job – jobs and the other reason I think is they – they also can make – make friend – make friend during their working time and that – that will benefit their social – social life which is important – very important with children there – therefore...
As below, for example, one of my friends who takes part-time jobs, but he always comes – comes classes late and he seldom attends the classes, therefore, every – almost subject he failed and teacher won't – won't pass – won't let him pass the subjects, so I – I think, if you have – if you want to take the part-time job, you – you might – you might to think twice.  It is really important to you or you have to study hard.
Once more I think the different kinds of part-time jobs can offer – offer students different – different perspective.  If they – they have a job in a restaurant to serve the customers, and they must – may have to learn something about cooking or serving things.  And if they work in the convenient stores, they may become more – they may become more careful about the money and also be good and learn mathematics because they have to added, minus – added, minus the total money of the customers [***]
I think it is very important for college students to have a part-time job because I think it is a good chance for college student to have some working experience before they graduate – graduate.  But I think it's not suitable for – for sophomore or freshman because they have too – too many required course and selective course, and they have – they will have not – not – no so many free time to do the part-time job.  And if they do the part-time job during the – the first 2 years, they will have no time for studying their major.  So I think for a junior – junior and a senior student, they have much more free time to do the part-time job and before – before their graduation, they can have some working experience.  I think it is very good for their future.
Yeah, it's really important for college student to have a part-time job.  In my opinion, there are several reasons, i.e. – i.e. responsibility.  First one, you not only can earn money for yourself to support your life but also can cultivate a sense of responsibility.  Second – second if you have these experience, one day you enter the society not a student again and no longer – no longer a student, you can tell the interviewer the experience you have – you can – you can plus...
For myself, I have a part-time job since I am a freshman, and I think it's really good because through the part-time job, I learn how to get along with my boss and my colleagues and also my client like learning now how to show people myself more and also mainly have more confidence.  And I think it's good for me to work in the future because it's a great......
I think – I think it's important for – for college students to have a part-time job because most of them – most of the college students may from the foreign countries and from outer space so they have to make a living or they cannot – or they cannot – they cannot have a good – a good college life.  And I think – as a – as a college student, he or she needs to be independent, so they – they need to learn – need to learn, make money by themselves.
I agree about college student to have a part-time job because the price of studying in the university become more and more expensive and student need to pay more money on their books or join activities, and many family couldn't afford it so student need to have a part-time job to afford their – their price in the school.  And they doing a part-time job, they can learn a lot of things such as being polite or looking careful of their behavior when they are doing the part-time job.


I wanted – I wanted to say that it is far more important, I think, for college students to – to enjoy school life and make the best of it while they can; like they can spend their spare time participating in school activities or some class, or hanging out with friends and just go and having the best of time, and everything they do can't be unique of course, and it is - I think it is about time for them to experience in terms of new stuff like meeting new people from cities and...


As I said before, it's your responsibility about to have your own income to support yourself but you have to focus on your study too.  You cannot win the both parts and have to be responsible - responsible.  And that's why I think to have some income and at the same time – at the same time have to study well.

And if you have your income, you can use – use your money more freely and like when you buy something you don't have to think, “Oh!  This money is coming from my parents,” and you don't feel guilty because you use your own part, your labor to get the money.  Like for myself – I - my parents give me my allowance but at the same time I have some part...


It's – is - I think it's important for college student to have a part-time job but it's not necessary because having a part-time job in college life is tired and some students can have - cannot get balance between jobs and class, but if they have economic prob - problems they can have part-time job because having part-time job is - they can earn money and have some experiences for the future, and I think...


I have some friends like me who have to pay for our school loan, so to have a part-time job for me is a good thing to help me to pay my school loan in the future, so - but we - I think we can't keep our study so we should keep a balance between a part-time job and the study.  We – we have to find the work so we should concen – should be concentrating on the studying but also we can have a part-time job in our free time to earn more money and experience before we go to the society, so I agree with student to have a part-time job.


I agree with this statement.  We can learn more from doing a part-time job.  We can learn very - very - lot of skills in the part-time job.  Also, at the same time, we can make more money for our life and we can get our experience more, and in the part-time job, we will learn how to deal with the problems trends [***] and how to communicate with the boss – the manager.  I think...


I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job because it is better for a college student to have a job while they are still in schools.  It will be better for them to find their jobs after they graduate because their resume will - for the future company, the boss will see that your resume has an experience that you have did a job while you are still a college student and you might get a - the chance easily if you have an experience, and I think another reason is that while you are having a parttime job in your college when you are still a college student, it is because...


