I agree it is important for college students to have a part-time job because I have the part-time job also too.  I teach elementary school students about their do – about do their homework and math questions and – and they - it is my experience to – to the future if I work in the social society, I can do more perfect in my job, so I agree...


I don't agree it's important for college students to have a part-time job.  In my opinion, I think there are many valuable things in - during – during school time.  For example, you can join the activities or join cadets or friend - just keep up with your friends.  In fact, you can stay in the campus with your friends.  On the other hand, you can come to library and study many books or magazines, this is good for you.  In the end, you can make a girlfriend or make many friends in your...


In college, you – your - you should start the student work.  If you don't learn – if you don't learn good work, you can't find the good job in the future, so you – you can't use your all time in your part-time job, you should learn more and as you know...


I don't agree or disagree with this statement because it's not - it is not a real answer which makes - and which agree, for agree I am - because if I have no money I will have a part-time job but maybe I can't do good for my study.  And disagree – for disagree, I think students should study and pay attention, so it may not mean any – it's not good at my grade or something in...


Yes, I agree it is important for college students to have a part-time job because school life and work life is different and it – it will be having help for just - when they are students they can understand the work life so they can try to have a part-time job and to communicate with different people.  In school life, you just have same-age students.  What you do, what you think is in like and very similar or maybe you have – or have the teacher, you know how to talk to teacher and teacher most - mostly are very helpful but during work life, you just have goals and you have to manage your people and people problems, you have to try on – and no...


I agree college students to have a part-time job because some students, their family economic is not – is not good so when they saw – when their family economy is good they have to have a part-time job so they can get money, and when they get money they can support their family economics, but sometimes I experience a grade college student have a part-time job because sometime the students have to study their major when – when – when they have a part-time job...


So, the students they don't have the part time job at college if you like, because – because you - at the college and you will go into the – go into – go to find a job, so if you have a part-time job at the univer - college life and you will learn how to – how to be – how to be – how to be good at work, so if you have a part-time job, you can learn some kind of experience about the work and it's good for – it's for you and after you graduate, so you can – you can have more – more skills...


I think it is important to have a part-time job during the college life because it's not only can earn money but also can learn some experience from the work and the experience cannot be learnt from the classes, so it's very – it's a very good chance that we can change ourselves.  Only this – only short-term of part-time job I learn a lot from it.  For example, talking to a customer, giving them service – service is totally different from talking a – taking the classes, so I just suggest that those who are thinking about doing a part-time job or not, and I want to say just do it.  It will give you a lot.  Yes.
I think it is important to have a part-time job during the college life because it not only can earn money but also can learn some experience from the work and the experience cannot be learnt from the classes, so it's a very good change that we can change ourselves.  Although, I only be the short term of the part-time job, I learn a lot from it.  For example, talking to the customers, giving them the service, it is totally – it is totally different from taking the classes, so I suggest that those who are thinking about doing the part-time job or not – or not and I want to say just it, it will give you a lot and it's different from the teacher teaching you – teaching – teaching – teaching...
I think it is important for a college student to have a part-time job because it can make us know the society is so serious, and we should make money by ourselves then we know how our parents are so – are so hard working to make money for us.  Besides, we can use the money to buy shopping or do other things by ourselves.  It provides us accomplishment to have a part-time job during my study college.
I agree that part-time job is important for college students.  In my opinion, having a part-time job can learn more and more thing about the society.  These experiences can't find in the books.  We should take part in it and try it by ourselves, so we can know what is the center in the society now.  It's not only earning money by yourself but also learning some useful knowledge during the part-time job.  My parents also encourage me to find a part-time job in...
I think it is very important to have a part – part-time job on college because you can learn – learn something different from the colleague and you can make some friends and earn some money to pay for tuition and reduce...
I – I agree students do the part-time jobs.  He can make learn – learn the attitude from the workplace and attitudes make student not just know the knowledge from books but know how to work well with – with – with boss and in the social.  Maybe, some student family are poor, they have to make money by themselves, so doing the part-time jobs can make their parents feel better for family economic and – and help to improve the circumstance but when students doing some jobs, they have to take care of...
Yes, I agree have a job in – in university because I think have a job in the university is not only make you have a lot of friends but also you have your ability.  Working a job in university is a very good experience.  It can make you have a different image to do thing and have a different option to – to...
Your daily life and this life will be part of your future life because during part-time job, we try to earn money from society when we graduated from school.  I think there are three advantages to have part-time job.  First, you would have the experiment to do something value than no major in your college which may help you when you graduated from your school and getting good offers.  Second, you can earn a little money which can use in eating, buying or wearing, everything you want in other word.  It can realize you from the future of meaning of life.  Third, you can find an interesting job that you really like to do, eventually, you are happy.  You know, there are lots of people who they don't want to do their job as they graduated from school.
Yes, I am agree.  I feel this is important for college students to have a part-time job, and we can learn a lot of things the school can teach us, service, cooking, anything – anything, we can study in job.  And before we graduate from university school, we can a lot – we can have a lot of experience...
I think it is important for college student to have a part-time job because – because have – have some - doing some job not only can earn some money but also you can learn a lot of – a lot of things like how to – to make friends with others or - make friends with others or how to get along with...


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part-time job because such like - I have a part-time job – job too.  I work in Cram School and teach math to the elementary - elementary school students.  I help them for their - I help them to do their homework and teach them some math question to - teach them some math question...


I don't agree it is important for college student to have a part-time in my opinion.  I think they are many very important things during the school.  For example, you can join the [***] or you can play a keyboard with your friends or you can make your – make a girlfriend.  Besides, you can prepare tests and studying - studying besides test or you can go to library, starting like the - that is good for you, so I don't think...


I don't think it is important for college students to have a part-time job because I feel the – the school homework and major is important than part-time job, because they still don't have school learn in school.  You always go to look for work, you learn many things.  You – you learn – you will not learn many things in college.


I – I – I don't agree or disagree with – with this statement.  It's not – it – it – it don't have a real – a real question - a real answer because I think a student would - should – should study and has no time to do something like have a job, so I think I can – I can have a job during my study and then – but – and then if I have no money I think...


Um - yes, I agree it is important for college students to have a part-time job because – because different - school life is different from the work life and students finish - most of the students finish their college and they will find a job and if they can – they can have a part-time job when they are the college students that will help them to understand, have friends, and it is a way to kind of important to talk about and communicate with student people because in school either they have the same-age friends or teacher, professor, but work life is different.


I agree college student to have a part-time job because some student - maybe some student family were not – their family economy is well - not good so in this time they will – they have to have a part-time job, then they can get money and support their family economics, but sometimes I didn't agree college students have to have a part-time job because maybe their – their family economics is not bad so...


I think the part-time job is important for college students.  I think the parttime will be important and regarding with – with your nature such as in the company we are practicing about how to communicate - communicate with the people or you can practice very good in the company.  In the restaurant, you wash your dishes or order the menu and so on.  It can – it can learn a lot and they always improve their excitement, so I think part-time job is important, so...


I think it is important to have a part-time job during the college life, but it's not only can earn money but also can learn some experience from work and the experience cannot be learnt from the classes, so it is a very good chance that we can change ourselves.  I learn at only short-term of the part-time job like the – the guide – the guide – learn a lot from it.  For example, talking to a customer, giving them service, typically different from taking the classes, so I suggest that those who are thinking about doing a part-time job or not, and I want to say just do it.  It will give you a lot because it's very different from taking classes and it's very different.
I think it is important to have a part-time job during the college life because it's not only can earn – earn money but also can learn some experience from the work and the experience cannot be learnt from the classes, so it is a very good chance that we can change ourselves.  A lot – I only think that short term of the part-time job, but I – I learn a lot from it, for example, talking to customers, giving them the service – service be totally different from taking the classes.  So I suggest that who are thinking about doing a part-time job or not, and I want to say just do it.  It will give you a lot.  It's very different from when you – when you sit down in class and teacher – the teacher talking – teaching you...
I think it is important for a college student to have a part-time job because it can make us know how the society is serious.  And I think make money by ourselves can make we know how our parents are so hard working, like, they make money for us to study college because the college is spend – expensive a lot of money and by earning money ourselves, we can do other things like don't pick money from our parents.  I think when we grow up, we can learn how to make money.  And once, I complete my job, I feel accomplishment in...
My parents want me go out and see what is the shape of society and what ability I have to learn.  I think have a part-time job is a great experience to learn new things more about my future because I used to participate in the society and became one of members in it.  I think having a part-time job is really important and exactly approach to society early, so I can know more about society...
By having a part time job, you can reduce the burden of your parents because you have the extra money to pay all your living life and necessary – necessary...
I agree students do the part-time jobs.  We can make them learn the attitude from workplace and to make student not just know the knowledge from books but know how to work well with boss.  Maybe, some students family are poor.  They have to make money by themselves so doing the part-time jobs can make feel – parents feel better and help to improve the families economic.  But when student doing some jobs, they have to take care of something, for example, workplace say to the both company law – company law about labor.  Again, student has – has to notice it and do the part time jobs will be a good thing for – for themselves and their family, so do the part...
In my opinion, I agree working part-time job in the university.  Have a job in the university is not only make you a lot different – different and also have an experience in the social.  When you graduated from university, you don't afraid of how to keeping with – keeping with college and you have ability to managing, you are not freshman.  You can – you can – you have experience to...
As I said, I think there are three advantages to have a part-time job.  First, you will have the experience to do something that you learn or major in your college which may help you when you graduate from your school and get a touch older or get a bit older.  Second, you can earn a little money which can use in eating, buying, or wearing or everything you want.  In other word, it can realize you find the future of meaning of life.  Third, you can find an interesting job that you really like to do eventually and you are happy, you know, there are lot of people who they don't want to do their job as they graduated from school.  In my case, I found a job that I really want to do and I think I would enjoy digital game – okay, program to [***]
In my point, I agree – I agree this.  I think it is important for college students to have a part-time job and the part-time job can help we know social or service or cooking the school can't teach us.  And we can have – have more money to buy we want to buy without parent's advice.  It is important for me.
I think it is important for college student to have a part-time job because – because it not only can make some money but also can – but also can learn – learn thing – learn something like making friends with others or get along with others, and make your life – make your new – make your – make some life in college different, if...


