Smoking is one of the worst habits in the world, but there are still so many people smoking everywhere. So should smoking be banned at all restaurants in the country? The answer is positive. A cigarette includes a lot of harmful matters. As you know, it's pernicious for our health. Not only is the person who smokes influenced badly, but also the other person who smells the smoke. If plenty of people smoke in public place, human beings' health will get hurt. Although they haven't smoked ever. After all, it is unfair for them to let somebody smoke anywhere to destroy their body. Of course, restaurants are the place where we enjoy our life. We should eat food with happy feeling. A cigarette can attract your most attention, and then you will forget what you are enjoying. That's a bad habitat for not respecting nature. We'd better be grateful for the entire world. Besides these, smoking in restaurants' is easy to cause a fire accident. People often forget to put out the cigarette, and the accidents will happen. So many things have showed us about this, the most important thing is a lot of people died in the fire. The sad experience has told us to be careful in smoking. In a word, smoking leads too many unhappy things, and it should be banned at all restaurants in the country.


Wherever you go, you may certainly find people smoking especially at restaurants. Smoking has become a wide spread phenomenon. Men, women and even children have the habit of smoking. We don't have the right to stop them from smoking, but the law can decide where they can smoke and where they can't. So as an aspect, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking can release one's stress indeed, but its disadvantages outweigh the advantages. It is harmful to our body especially the lung, the smoke smokers release also does harm to nonsmokers. Restaurants are public places where people have meals, the environment must be clear, smoking in the restaurants not only pollute the environment but also pollute the food, what's more, smoke can spread freely in the restaurant, that's to say, all the customers in the restaurant will suffer the awful gas, so the quality of environment cannot be assured, let alone enjoying the meal. Hence, banning smoking in restaurants is a wise act and we must conduct it as soon as possible not only to make the dining environment more comfortable but also to make us more harmony and healthier. Only do like that can we enjoy our meals in the restaurant delightedly.


It is reported by the World Health Organization that there are more than five million death caused by smoking. It is easy to see that smoking is very bad for our health. What's worse, second hand smoking hurt our body when we have no sense. This problem is so serious that we have to do something to protect ourselves. The most effective and easiest suggestion is banning smoking at all the restaurant in the country. Most people in the world don't like to smoke and large numbers of them even hate it because of its uncomfortable gas. So ban smoking not only meets people's will, but also save their life. The tobacco is also very expensive, which means smoking waste a lot of money, so quite smoking can also save money. The restaurant is the most important pubic place in our daily life so that banning smoking here can make the biggest and best effect. We do not want to be hurt when we have a good time, which is very disappointed. Another reason is that restaurant is a closed place which air is very hard to flow and people do not move often so that the bad gas can't discharge and cause great harm. There is not any benefit we can take from smoking, and smoking hurt smokers' and others' health greatly. So smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I am 100 percent with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in the restaurants not only can give rise to unpleasant, but it also does harm to other guests' health. As the air circulation is not good in a restaurant, the smell of the smoke is probably to affect other people. This little activity may completely ruin a dinner, how can you do that!On the other hand, there is no need for me to throw light on the harm of the second hand smoking may do because everybody knows it! The guests should not smoke in a restaurant. And neither should the cook and waiters. Because the ash and smoke could directly get into the food then ate by the customers. Meanwhile, smoking being banned does not mean you could not smoke during a meal. If you cannot afford to live without a cigarette at the moment, it is OK for you to smoke outside. Maybe it is a little inconvenient, but for other people's sake, do not complain!For the two reasons mentioned above, and the fact that you can still smoke outside the restaurant during a meal, put your hands up to show that you are with me! Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.


It is a common sense that smoking does harm to people's health a lot. Thus, I am for the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, a small cigarette contains a great amount of harmful substances. Undoubtedly, the one smoking constantly exposes his lungs to those substances, which, according to many researches, damages not only the lungs but also the heart and digesting system. Besides, those second hand smokers are refugees as well. Although they are not addicted to smoking, they will be affected unconsciously when staying in a room full of poison smoke. The restaurant is a place where people enjoy themselves by eating delicious food. As a result, a clean and comfortable environment should be provided instead of one that is full of cigarette smoking. At least, the health of the children cannot be ignored. In a word, there is very reason that we should do something. In fact, some countries have banned smoking in public places years ago. Facing increasing rate of diseases caused by smoking, we may as well try to takes forceful measure, such as making laws, to reduce smoking in public places. And now, stopping smoking in all public places.


Recently several bans, forbiding smoking in all restaurants, have been published, which brings heated discussion. As far as I'm concerned, to those bans I can't agree more. The reasons are just as followed:First and foremost, smoking is basically harmful to people's health, especially to the lung, which can contribute to fatal disease, such as cancer. Secondly, restaurant is a public occasion, smoking there can not only hurt smokers themselves, but also do harm to those surrounded. What's worse, while there is pregnant woman in the restaurant, the harm can be catastrophic. Thirdly, smoking can lead to quarrelling, which will destroy the harmony and influence consumers' mood in the restaurant. For there are also many non smokers, even some smoking sensitive people. Last but not least, even considering that several smokers have been addicted in smoking, there are still many other space out of restaurant provided for them. All in all, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurant in the country. In order to realize this aim, it is not enough that only the government publish some bans. Citizens, both smokers and non smokers, are ought to join in this compaign. Smokers can remind themselves that it is banned to smoke in the restaurant when they have the desire to take a cigarette out. Non smokers can advice those who want to smoke during dinner not to do that instesd of just tolerating or direct quarelling. Only in that way can smoking be completely banned in all reataurants in the country.


No one can deny the fact that smoking is harmful to health, even the cigarette packaging says that. As lots of researches have shown time and again, quitting smoking contributes to the decrease of lung cancer incidence. And with every month that passes, there is more research showing the benefits of quitting, and the drawbacks of not quitting. Obviously, it is high time we took some measures to solve this problem, and the smoking ban does help a lot. To start with, the smoking ban is the wave of the future. During recent years, people have paid more and more attention to their physical conditions. On some public occasions, like restaurants, people are forced to inhale second hand smoke. Non smokers long exposed to second hand smoke suffer even more harm than the smokers. Furthermore, for the smokers, if they know smoking is banned at restaurant, they may smoke later. And since they can't see other people smoke, their desire for the cigarette may abate. Over a span of time, they may be less addicted to the cigarette. Lastly, smoking ban also brings benefits to our society, contributes to a better social morality. Honestly, we still have a long way to go about the smoking ban, but we can reach the goal step by step. As far as we can see, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country is a good policy. Only in this way can we finally make the smoking ban come true!


Along with the rapid development of society, more and more problems are brought to our attention, on of with which is that our health is weaker than times, may 100 years ago, when our parents are teenagers. There are so many bad habits accounting for the issue. However, smoking is one of the concerns, particularly smoking in public places. If people ask me whether we should ban smoking in public places like restaurants. As far as I am concerned, we should ban a smoking on the unsuitable situations, particularly in restaurants. Firstly, you are harming the heath of people around you unconsciously, no matter you are willing to or not. It is unfair for others to bear the bad influence. People come to have meals in the restaurants; they don't come here to get harmed by the smoke. At the second place, it is considered impolite smoking before many non smokers. Gentlemen will never smoke before a lady speak ill of smoking. Last but not least, smoking is obviously breaking down your health, wherever you smoke. Cigarettes contain a variety of poisonous materials. Thinking into account all the above, we can easily draw the conclusion that banning smoking in the public place is essential and getting rid of smoking is also necessary. So we should ban smoking completely in the restaurants for both smokers and nonsmokers' health.


Smoking may be the most usually thing that can be seen in the China. Both men and women smoke here and there. We all know that smoking is very harmful to our health, so making a ban on forbidding smoking is very necessary, especially at all restaurants. Obviously, restaurants are the place where we take a meal. So there are many different people together there. If there are too many people to smoke at the restaurants, it may lead many serious problems. Firstly, it will make the restaurants in chaos. We all hope that we can have a meal in a good atmosphere. It is very hard for us to tolerate eating food in a bad environment where it has so much smoke. Secondly, smoking would make much cigarette ash. It is very easy to make the restaurants dirty. We also can't have a meal in a dirty place. Thirdly and the most importantly, it is too harmful to our health smoking at the restaurants. To start with first, it is harmful to smokers. Smoking too much is too bad to their lung and liver. So forbidding smoking at the restaurants is first good for smokers. Besides, it can good for others at the restaurants. As we all know, smoking may lead a bigger harm to people who don't smoke than smokers themselves, especially to children. In any case, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country. Every one should applaud for this wise idea, doesn't it?


Smoking is a habit that is very bad ad destroys the smoker. It affects the health of person involved in smoking or inatmoshphare of smoking. It completely destroys the respiratory system include lungs respiratory tube and cause very dangerous type of cancer. Smoking includes the common cigarette to developed form of cigarette that is cigarette with heroine. It involve every dangerous nor cots. Its ingredients very dangerous to health are tobacco nicotine . Nicotine is very dangerous to the memory of a person instead of health problem it is a habit that very expensive. One has to spent a lot of money to meet  this habit . it one has not money he do crimes to fulfill his need. Smoking completely destroys him. The phylogical effects both the physcal and phsclogical health. One having such habit cannot do his work properly. He cannot give proper time to his family. His health down day by day the strength of smoker is 70%. This habit is very common in young boys. We should have to take steps against such habit. Seminars should be arranged against smoking. As smoking is very dangerous to health.


I am one of the angry peoples who couldn't enjoy their meals when someone is smoking at the restaurant. So if someone asks me Do you think smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants? I will absolutely say Yes! As it is known to us, smoking is bad for us. Some people like smoking very much and can't live without cigarettes even though it writes Smoking is bad for your health on every cigarette case. I have no right to command you to get rid of smoking and you have also no right to destroy my health and even my life. We should respect and understand each other. Please smoke in private instead of in public! There are more reasons for this as follows: Firstly, restaurants are the place of eating and drinking rather than smoking. If you usually smoke at the restaurant, the other customers will be interrupted and don't feel happy. In the long run, it will contribute to the decrease of the restaurant's sale. Secondly, smoking is sometimes dangerous and may cause a fire disaster. If someone throw the cigarette on the xylem floor or near the curtain, it is easy to cause a fire and lead to a tragedy. Thirdly, your smoking at a restaurant will give your friends and partners a bad impression. Everyone wants to be polite and friendly in the front of his or her friends. Smoking at the restaurant will destroy your appearance. From what has been mentioned above, we can come to the conclusion that smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country. It is good for the smokers' impression, the others' health and also the safety of the public!


I strongly suggest that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons to support my view point. As we all known that restaurant is a public place for everyone, it is not someone's private pace. So if you can't help smoking, please go back to your home and there nobody will complain anything to you. It is also common sense that if one smokes at a restaurant, the others will turn to the second hand smokers and the harm o them is much greater than that to the smoker. Also, restaurant is a place of pleasure and happiness. Many parents choose to encourage and reward their children by taking them to a favorite restaurant. Imaging that you and your children are enjoying your food while someone besides begin to smoke, what a disappointment! Your children may turn to be angry or even feel disappointed at the society. So smoking in the restaurant is no longer a personal problem, it is actually a matter of the whole society. Everyone wants to enjoy himself at the restaurants, so why don't we put the good wish into action. Let's speak aloud No smoking at restaurants from now on.


No one but longs to be a strong and healthy man. So when asked about whether smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. I partly agree with this idea and think that we can do something to solve the problem because of the reasons listed below. Firstly, a factor should be taken into consideration is that there are so many people crowded together in restaurants; a terrible smell from the cigarette may pollute the air in the restaurant. People who hate smoking have no way to go if they have their dinners in the restaurant when other people smoke. It is unfair for them. Second, we should emphasize the importance of health. Second hand smoking also can have a terrible influence on our body. It may do harm to our immune system. If we have meal in a room full of smoke for long, we may have some health problems too. Viewing from the two reasons above, the runner of the restaurant can form a smoking room for the smokers. The smoking room is separated from the main restaurant. On the one hand, the room can meet the smokers taste. On the other hand, fresh air is guaranteed in the restaurant. A healthier place is provided to the customer.


Smoking is harmful for us. Though many people know this simple truth, they still smoke in public places, especially restaurants. In my opinion, smoking should be banned completely at restaurants. Firstly, everyone knows that cigarettes have bad component which can cause cancer. So we should smoke less or we'd better not smoke cigarette whether we're at restaurants. Secondly, if one person smokes at restaurant, other people around him will be affected and those people may suffer the second hand smoke. In fact, it is unfair to the people who do not smoke. However, not only does the smoker damage his health, he also damages other people's health. In my view, no one should have the "right" to inflict a health hazard on anyone else. And it's necessary to ban smoking completely at all restaurants. Furthermore, if someone really wants to smoke, he can go outside and have a cigarette. After finishing the cigarette, he can come in. All in all, we should have the right attitude towards smoking. Though some people enjoy the pleasure which is brought by the smoking, we should recognize the harmful aspects of smoking. Smoking in public is not only a hazard for the smokers and every smoker must take responsibility for other people around. As far as I'm concerned, smoking should be banned at all restaurants.


As is known to all, cigarette is popular for many people. So we can see many people are smoking in a public place. This is very harmful for the other people who don't smoke. In addition, the restaurant's atmosphere surely is broken. The survey shows that the more and more people die because of smoking. But many persons are addicted to smoking, and so many persons think that smoking can release them. Hence the affair that government decides to ban smoking right now is very hard to be accepted for them. Therefore, I think the government need to consider it more carefully. In restaurants, smoking is certainly banned. But we still make the people that are addicted to smoking. In the public place, we should establish a room that is permitted to smoking. Of course, smoking is a disputed thing. It can lead to a debate, so government should take it more seriously. In a restaurant, the tidy environment is very important for every one that dines out. So the government must take actions to make the people comfortable in a restaurant, and encourage the persons that addicted to smoking to give up smoking. Just in this way, our society will be harmonious.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Everyone knows that smoking is bad for health, both for the one who smoke and the ones who smell the smokes. In my opinion, the method to ban smoking at restaurants have two necessaries. First, the restaurants are public places for every one. Smokers smoke in these places are behaviors that "put their happiness upon other's bitterness". The smell is disgusting for the ones who don't smoke and even worse, the smoke will also be harmful to their health. That's not fair for others to pay for your own addiction. The other one is that the method will help smokers get rid of the bad habits. Of course, it will help smokers control themselves and it will be more effective than they do it by themselves. Maybe, there will be some one coming out to say that the practice is discrimination to the smokers and if these people cannot control themselves at that time what will they do. I think there will be many ways to forbid the situation happening. For example, we can arrange a special room for them to smoke or we can even produce another thing to replace the cigarettes.


The population of people who are addicted to smoking is growing rapidly. It is a sociable problem for many countries. A lot of associations contribute to ban this phenomenon completed at all the restaurants in the country. Personally, I would prefer to support this idea. First, it is known to all that smoking is harmful to people's health. Nicotine in the cigarettes is the most brutal killer while lung is the poorest victim. Each part of our body hurt will have some influence on our health. Not only for us but also for our families, keeping away from smoking is important. Second, restaurant is a public place, from the angle of the manner, smoking in the restaurants is not polite to people who don't smoke. To keep the good relationship with others, people should stop this behavior. Third, receiving the smoke that other people produce is equal bad for health. When one person is smoking, other people are passive to breathe the smoke, they have no choice. To solve this problem, many public places set a special area for smoking people, but this solution may not always work well and it is can't prevent smoking from the root. Law is always the most powerful way to protect public's rights. So government should approve of the suggestion smoking should be completed banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is a public welfare that will benefit all the people!


I support smoking should be completely banned in restaurants. It goes without saying that everyone needs a healthy body. If one is smoking now, persons staying in the same room with him are breathing in secondhand smoke virtually. The toxic substances don't only do harm to the smoker himself, but also to people around. Especially in terms of old men and children, the damage is too much. Restaurants are public places. I think gentlemen should pay attention to their behaviors and care about others feeling. Though smoking makes them feel relaxed, others are paying the price of their health for this. Smoking in public seems impolite. We should not neglect that individuals have rights to get protections. Our governments ought to take actions to regulate citizens' behaviors, such as smoking. In terms of restaurant owners, if a smoker goes in for dinner, his business might be influenced. Others who dislike smoke won't come to have meals. Also cigarette ashes will leave an annoying cleaning problem. What's more, burning cigarettes may bring potential safety hazard. To other customers, smoke can have a bad effect on their appetite, mood and physical condition. It seems unfair to them. You might say that smokers also have rights to relax by smoking. Well, if you are addicted to tobacco and can't help yourself, please go to Smoking Area. From my point of view, we all need a friendly and peaceful society. Therefore, smokers can't be free willing as before. Taking environment into consideration, they are required to control themselves. Caring about others more, they should behave well.


 Smoking is harmful to your health. Smoking is harmful to health, smoking is not only harmful to smokers themselves, but only harmful to others who are not smoking, and second hand smoking is more dangerous. Just imagine that, you and your dear friends were having delicious food in a closed, well decorated, and have good atmosphere restaurant, you were happy. But suddenly you smelled something bad, something is poisonous, you would find it destroy everything, like atmosphere and tasty cakes, not to speak of your happiness. As I have mentioned above, smoking can do harm to every person around the cigarette, even there was a few surveys said that the one who is not smoke but only smell it can be more dangerous. Smoking is one behavior that harms others but bring no profit to itself either. Public places like museums, swimming pools, cinemas and some big restaurants say that NO SMOKING, because there are too many people, and I think there is just not any reason for smokers smoking in public places especially in the restaurants, all kinds of restaurants. Eating is one of the most important things in human's life, and for that reason we should have our breakfast, lunch and supper with a good mood, we must forbid smokers smoking at our eating time. So Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I don't know why there is a kind of thing called cigarette in the world. Yes, I don't like it more than I can imagine. But why do people smoke, especially in the public? This activity may disturb people around the smoking man, not only because the horrible smell but the hurt it may cause to our health. So it's necessary to set up some statutes. What's the most extensive public spot in the country? I must say it's more than one, such as the park, the plaza, the square and the restaurant. But when we discuss the ban on smoking, the restaurant is stand in the breach. Because restaurants are full of people, and obviously people are eating in the restaurant, so if someone is smoking next you, you'll get the harmful smoke into your with the movement of eating. But when we look back, we'll notice the disagreement from the smokers. They said that smoking shouldn't be banned because smoking has been a part of their life. After hearing these words, I think it's become more important to ban smoking. The cigarettes become the necessary part? So the situation is serious, and we must strangle it when some young people haven't drop into the abyss. What's more? There has been a great increase in casualties in fire accidents caused by smoking in recent years. And we have also seen the ground littered with cigarette ends. Thus smoking proves to be a source of pollution for the environment and a major threat to life and property. One person always belongs to the society. The individual benefit must be subordinated to that of the society. Besides, smokers can also benefit from this ban which helps them get rid of smoking. So let's put this ban into practice soon.


 Surely smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As is known to all, smoking is harmful to our health, so it should be banned at all the public places. Restaurants are one of the public places. Moreover, they are the public places where you have meals. If some people smoke in the restaurants and you are a non smoker, can you stand your health being ruined while having your dinner? As for people who are sensitive to the smoke of cigarettes, their appetite will be affected by the annoying smoke and they are not likely to enjoy their food. If bosses of restaurants are afraid to lose the guests who are smokers, I suggest they should also consider the guests who are non smokers. The ban on smoking can even bring in more guests, given the atmosphere of restaurants. A bright restaurant is much more pleasant than the one that is full of cigarette smoke. You can't imagine that many people smoke at a five star restaurant, can you? Forbid smoking and then the level of your restaurant will be promoted. Anyway, I'm for the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in public, especially in the restaurants is a universal thing. But, many people regard it as a impolite behavior. I greatly agree with this idea. My view of it as follows. Firstly, restaurants are the public occasions, so, there are many different people in there. Like: baby, little children, women, the old and so on. This group of people cannot bear the smoke. Secondly, smoking in the restaurants is not good for other people's health. The root may drop in the plates because of your carelessness, when you are smoking. Thirdly, smoking in the restaurants is an unhealthy behavior. It is bad for your health, especially when you are eating something. For other people around you, they are smoking the secondhand cigarettes. It is much bad for health than you. Last, I think that smokers damaged environment in the restaurants. They upset people who are having dinner. If you really cannot help smoking, please go to the washing room or the room just builds for those smokers. Those are my opinions about it. I hope one day, less and less people smoke in the restaurants. Let's have a good environment and good mood to have dinners with families or friends. On the one hand, it's good for your health. On the other hand, it is good public.


More and more people addicted to smoking these days, especially the youngsters. It is almost known to all that smoking is bad for people'shealth. But why cannot they stop smoking? To the worse, many of them even smoking in public places, such as restaurants or parks. This behavior is not only harmful to themselves, but also the others surrounding them. It is very unfair to the people who have no choice but to smoke the second hand cigarettes. As we all know, the harm of the second hand cigarettes to people is greater than to smokers. To many people, smoking is a habit for daily life, so it is very difficult to give up smoking. But in the other hand, smoking is the very cause of many diseases, for example, the heart trouble or pneumonia. These diseases may cause to death at many time, so we should think more about this question, whether have smoking or not. Besides the reason of individual, the government should give more attention to the management and selling of cigarettes. In many illegal variety shops, cigarettes may be sold to everyone who wants to buy, no matter how old are they. This is very unreasonable. Laws have said many rules about smoking, but most of shopkeepers are prefer to choose the money, but not the care for teenagers or the development of our nation.


In our modern society, all too often we observe that a large number of people get into the habit of smoking at the restaurant; some of them are even students. And whether smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country? The answer varies greatly. Some people suppose, in some cases, it's very necessary and unavoidable to smoke at a restaurant, especially among business men when they do business. And many people think that smoking can also make people feel refreshed and relaxed after a long day at work. So they want to smoke when they are eating their meals in the restaurants. However, most people believe that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. One of the most common reasons is that smoking does harm to the health of both the smokers and nonsmokers, worst of all, it may cause the cancer and heart disease. And an individual who smokes a lot may not be popular among people around him just because of the unpleasant smell from his body. I am personally in favor of the ban of the smoking. Because it not only benefit our physical capacity but also save us a large amount of money.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, as we all know, smoking has a lot of disadvantages for smoker himself, his family and the environment. Especially, the public places, for example, in the restaurant. It is quite easy for people to addict to it. Smoking is bad for one's health especially for the lungs. One survey shows that people's lungs who have smoked for decades are covered with black things which may decrease life. In addition, smoker set a bad example for the young people, if they smoke in public places. For the adults, they resort to cigarettes and try to find some comfort to divert them in another direction when they have worries. However, teenagers admire the adults. Then they may mislead them. After all, restaurants are public places. In public, people should behave well and be polite. It is generally accepted that smoking is a bad habit, a waste of money and more importantly, does harm to one's health. One may have one thousand reasons to smoke, but which is more important, the short time pleasure on the one hand, or the health of oneself, of one's parents, friends, and children on the other?People cannot do anything on their own will. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.


 It is a common phenomenon that smoking in the restaurants in the country is very popular, which we can notice everywhere. Should it be completely banned? Certainly, I believe. It is widely known that more and more people have joined the group of smokers. While the whole society is making efforts to stop them from smoking. From my point of view, in the first place, smoking does harm to one's health, which also affect the people who breathe it nearby, which is even worse. Especially in public places, restaurants, many people around the smokers, they are really victims in fact. Secondly, the behavior of smoking cigarettes, which is generally accepted that it is a bad habit, a waste of money and, more importantly, waste your time. It may have a bad influence on the people especially the young in the restaurant. Thirdly, the pollution to the environment is inevitable, and it may easily cause air pollution even a fire while you are careless to throw it on the dangerous place. I strongly suggest that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, which is better for everyone in the public, and as well as the environment.


 Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Nowadays, some governments have completely banned smoking at all the restaurants. This is a good idea though it is unfair to smokers. As far as I am concerned, I think this is a good rule. Firstly, smoking which leads to some diseases like lung cancer is harmful to our health. What is the worse, many people around the world died because of smoking. Besides, it is not surprising that smoking will pollute the environment by giving poisonous gas off into the air. In addition, banning smoking in the restaurants can increase waiters'working efficiency. Smokers won't interrupt their work all the time to smoke. What is more, some people who are allergic to smoking in the restaurants can not bear with the gas, which makes them sicker. However, many smokers complain governments have no rights to take away their freedom of smoking in the restaurants. I consider if they want to smoke, they may smoke in private, not in the public. They had better give up smoking because it is beneficial to both their health and environment. I believe if smoking is banned in all the restaurants, most of us will breath in more fresh air. Only in this way will our healthy condition be improved.


People know that smoking is harmful to health, but many people have to involuntary smoking. In different places, there are different rules, for example, in the restaurants. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many reasons. Firstly, there are many smokers in China. Not only the boys smoke, but also the girls do. I know many of my friends smoke. They all know that smoke does harm to their health, but they still smoke. They are addicted to it. If someone smokes, it harms himself as well as others. So taking into account the health of others, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants, because restaurant is a place where many people stay. Secondly, Smoking in restaurants is an expense of others interests. People go to restaurants for a good meal; you smoke, so it is impolite to others. What's more, Gases produced by cigarettes polluted the environment in the restaurants. Many people dislike it, in addition, it probably influence people's minds. Above all, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It will do good for ourselves. Then we can have a better body and a better environment.


In my opinion, smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country. As you know, restaurants are public places; the government in our country recently has published the policy that cigarette smoking is not allowed in public places. Smoking is just a personal preference. As a citizen, we cannot interfere with other people just because of your own selfish. After all, people who smoke are only in the minority. But some people who like smoking insist that smoking should not be banned in the restaurant. As to them, smoking is part of their life. They rely on cigarette, and they think that smoking give them inspirations and power, it also can relieve their innate anxiety. As far as I am concerned, smoking still should not be allowed in the restaurants. First of all, smoking is harm to our health; there are a lot of evidences and information showing that many diseases are caused by smoking. Such as lung cancer, heart trouble, and so on. What's worse, the harm do to the nonsmokers who breathe in the smoke is more serious than smokers. Second, there have been lots of accident fires causing by smoking in recent years. Some smokers throw the burning cigarette here and there. Their behavior may cause fire. It will not only cause great loss, but also destroy the environment. It really does harm to our society and security Third, smoking in the restaurant is uncivil. It leaves others an impression that these people who smoke in the restaurant are selfish and immoral.


Nowadays, the number of smokers is increasing. More and more people have the habit of smoking. They say that it can help them relax themselves. So the phenomenon is becoming more and more common. As a result, more and more people smoke everywhere, even in restaurants. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Following are some reasons of my opinion. Firstly, the behavior of smoking in restaurant can not give others the good impression when they meet you for the first time. Maybe, smoking is necessary for some business, but as for me, the image is not good. And when we are in restaurant, the restaurant is a public place for many people. It may have bad influence. Secondly, smoking in restaurant will pollute the clean air. Restaurant is a place for dinner, and inevitably a number of people will feel annoyed by the smoke. Last but not least, non smokers in the restaurant will breathe the harmful air if smoking is allowed. This affects their rights. From my perspective, it is an offensive behavior of smoking in restaurant. Many restaurants in our country haven't taken measures to ban the smoking. So, we should try our best to carry on the plan to ban smoking at all the restaurant in the country.


When we go to a restaurant we often see some people smoke. Sometimes we don't say anything. The persons who smoke in the restaurant they say that they are bored when they wait for the meals; they need to smoke to amuse themselves. But other people hate it; it will be bad for their healthy. In my view, people should not smoke in the restaurant. As we all know, when some people smoke in the restaurant, it will cause much terrible smell. Then other people eat in the restaurant, they will cough, what's worse, it is bad for others health. All of us know that second hand smoke is much worse than people smoke directly. And when people smoke, other people can't eat well. People have a meal on a table; the others can persuade them who smoke. Many people want to have a smokeless restaurant. We can't say that they have bad quality. Because they haven't realized it was in the danger other's health, still do not have quality said. In my opinion, people should pay attention to others feel and health. I think the restaurant can launch smoke free policies. They can persuade them not to smoke. If they see someone smoke in the restaurant, they can stop them. For everyone's health, don't smoke in restaurants.


We all know that it's harmful for people to smoke whether in his 20s or his 50s. It seems that smokers are becoming younger and the number larger. And people pay more attention to smoking. But I don't think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in China and it's impossible to do that too. There may be some people are strongly against smoking and they just can't stand the smell. We can just open up some restaurants that ban smoking or make a part of the restaurants named no smoking areas. When we entire the society, smoking is not just a form of entertainment, but a way of communication. Of course, smoking a lot is absolutely not allowed. I'm non smoker and I don't know how beautiful the cigarette is that so many people are addicted to it. I don't want to smoke in the future either. Since smoking can't be banned at once we should make up our mind to do something. Not to ban it at all the restaurants but to let people know how harmful it is. And let more and more people experience the happiness of clear air and clear mouth. At that time we needn't to ban it and people just don't want to smoke neither in the restaurants nor somewhere else.


 I don't agree the statement that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in China. I'm not a smoker, and I don't like people smoking around me. But I still don't think it is not a good idea to completely forbid people smoking at the restaurants in China. On one hand, smoking is not forbidden by the whole society. All the countries have no such laws that completely forbidding smoking. Though nicotine makes people get addicted, making people die earlier. This is quite similar as drugs. The reason that tobacco has never been banned is that great amount of taxes are paid by the smokers and tobacco companies. This has been a important part of all the tax income to the governments. So rights are given to the people. Smoking is not about affecting people nearby, it's more like a right of freedom and fairness. Since governments never banned smoking, in my opinion, dividing guests into smoking area and non smoking area at the restaurants would be a great idea for now. But I am looking forward to the day that all tobacco is forbidden all over the world, not only in Chinese restaurants.


 We may often see the sign of no smoking in public. Most people fully applause for the decision. Some heavy smokers, however, can hardly control themselves sometimes and consider it impersonality to neglect their requirements. In fact, personally, I think it is quite proper to forbid smoking in public. First of all, inevitably, smoking in public disturbs others and harms the health of others by breathing in smoke. Moreover, cigarettes ends littered randomly onto the ground destroy the beautiful scenery and may easily damp the mood of tourists. Thus, always remind yourself to pay more attention to other people's feelings and try your best to be a polite person to accept and respect others' likes and dislikes. To say the least, it is widely acknowledged that smoking is a form of self abuse which leads to many serious diseases like pneumonia or even lung cancer. Cigarettes not only stripped the rights of having fresh air, but also destroy the happiness of a family and even damage social harmony. All the harms listing above strengthened my faith in banning on cigarettes. I have a dream that one day the whole society becomes no smoking zone and let the flower of harmonious blossom all over our society.


There is a theory that nearly every one knows, but millions of people ignore it. That is smoking does harm to one's health. Luckily, more and more people realized the harm of smoking. Recently, a ban was carried out that smoking is banned at all public place in the country. I totally agree with this ban. Following are some reasons. First and the most important one, many people know, smoking not only damages the health of the smoker, but also attacks the people around the smoker. Even some researches show that the fog others get in does more harm than the fog smoker get in. So, it's necessary to carry out the ban. It obviously benefits nearly all the people. Secondly, the fog makes the restaurant smelly. Especially in summer and winter, air conditioner is on, and the windows and doors are always closed, then the air in the restaurants will be very bad. For I, I usually feel not like eating much food in that kind of environment. For example, once, I went to a restaurant to have lunch. The food there was delicious so there will were always many people. However, it didn't matter, the problem was that there were many people smoking just besides me! That really bothered me a lot, I even didn't get full that day. As far as I'm concerned, every one should support the ban, for it brings benefits to everybody.


 As we all know smoking is hurt to our health. However, many people can not stop smoking, so some countries ban smoking in public places. But Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country ? I think the answer to it is yes. Because smoking maybe lead a health problem, smokers should not smoke in public places. If they do it in a restaurant, they may hurt others. Maybe smokers thinks they are just smoking at their own places, so it is not serious. But in facts they make a secondhand smoking to others, which has immediate harmful effects on a person's heart and lung system. To some degree, smoking in public places is a irresponsible behavior. So smoking should be completely banned. Last year, more than twenty of the fifty American states completely ban smoking in public places. In the year and a half before the ban, hospitals had three hundred ninety nine admissions for heart attacks. In a similar period starting eighteen months after the ban, the number was two hundred thirty seven. That was a decrease of forty one percent. The example can show us completely banning smoking is something necessary. So completely banned at all the restaurants is a right act.


 In my opinion, smoking in public is harmful not only to the smokers' health but also to the near people. If someone smokes several times he or she will be addicted to the cigarette, and in the future, the person will fill upset, tired if he or she don't smokes in a period of time, and in the end become a slave to the cigarette. So the smokers have to spend a lot of money to buy cigarettes which adds the economic burden, what's worse, smoking can destroy the smoker's health. The cigarette contains more than one hundred poisons than can cause cancers especially lung cancer. The nicotine can destroy the blood vessel. The carbon monoxide can decrease the ability of erythrocyte that conveys the oxygen. There is a study that every time the smoker smokes one cigarette his or her life will decrease 5 minutes which is the time it takes to smoke one cigarette. Smoking is harmful to the people near the smokers too. The smoke contains many tiny solids which can enter the blood directly by our lung. Staying in a room which contains much smoke one hour is equal to smoking a cigarette. So, forbidding smoking in public is necessary and is a great act to ours.


As we know, there are a large number of people addicted in cigarette all around the world. And the most serious problem is that people start smoking at a younger age than before. Therefore, it is strongly demanded that smoking should be banned in public especially at the restaurants. Image a restaurant full of unpleasant smoke and someone in the restaurant is smoking, giving out a smell others may don't like, do you think it's a good place to enjoy your meal? What's more, too much smoke may make people near the smoker cough sometimes, which will definitely influence his or her eating. In my view, smoking at a restaurant is not only impolite but also harmful to other customer. So, it must be completely banned. Furthermore, when a child has lunch at the same restaurant, he or she may be easily influenced by adults sitting nearby. That is to say, children are too young to distinguish a bad behavior with a good one. And innocent children may imitate the adults and try smoking at a very young age, which is extremely bad for their health. Therefore, smoking at the restaurant do harm to children as well, as a consequence of which, most parents will appreciate it if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurant. All in all, since smoking does no good to adults as well as children, I firmly insist that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants!


 Regardless of the warnings on the cigarette boxes, thousands of smokers buy cigarettes all over the world, which is quite a familiar picture to us. Though most of the smokers know that tobacco is usually connected with lung cancers and other diseases, they still can not get rid of it. This strange phenomenon can owe to the following two reasons. First, people are not fully aware of the harmfulness of smoking. Although we know that smoking can lead to lung diseases, few of us can exactly tell the percentage of lung patient or how many people are killed by cigarette smoking every year. So most smokers would rather to risk their lives than give up smoking. But actually the number of people killed by smokingis about 25 million per year, which I think can frightened many people. The anti tobacco propaganda is still far from enough. Second, the government depends too much on the taxes of the cigarette companies. It is under the acquiescence of the government that the business of the cigarette companies runs smoothly. And this also explained why no law can be carried out to force people get rid of smoking. The solution to this problem is very hard to be found, because it involves economy, the balance of the society and many other parts. But there still is hope. I hope sincerely that one day in the future that smoking has already become a history and no family suffers from it any more!


 Smoking is a common problem which we have taken so much action. Some one said the situation would be batter if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with it and at the same time, I think a kind of restaurant should be set for some people smoking. On the one hand, smoking should be banned. There are so many people who are affected by cigarette. Many illnesses such as pneumonia are results from smoking, and many people died from those or being afflicted. A lot of families are facing hardness or break. What's more, many teenagers learn to smoking which will take them to being unhealthy and treasonous. Parents are anxious and worrying about their children. Considering those disadvantages, smoking should be banned. However, although we have taken many measures, the behavior still exists. Smoking being completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is a kind of forcible step. Through legal system forcing people away from cigarette is a kind of measure we take when it's necessary. On the other hand, some people smoking like a chimney may be hard to giving up smoking right away. So in my opinion, it's needed to create a sort of restaurant that people smoking can get together to smoke a little and exchange experience about lay aside the habit of smoking. In the meanwhile, let those smokers be limited for the time they can smoked in those restaurant. All in all, smoking being completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is needed, but what's more, we should consummate relevant laws and regulations.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As for me, I absolutely agree with it firstly because I hate the smell of the smoke very much. And secondly every year, there are many people dying of smoking. However, at the same time there are many teenagers becoming addicted to smoking every year. I think one of the reasons that why there are so many people being addicted to smoking is people's following the examples of each other. So I believe banning of smoking at public places like restaurants can strongly decrease the effect of following each other and prevent more people from the harm of smoking. Thirdly, every year, I see many families dismiss because of their no affording of smoke. It's known that the price of cigarette is high. And once addicted to it, we can't control ourselves. So the expense we spare on it will become more and more. So I think as a responsible man, we shouldn't smoke rather than be banned by strict rules. Last but not least, one's smoking at public places is also a great harm to their surrounding people. It's a kind of behavior that do harm to both. So let's blank the light of the cigarette and become a responsible and healthy man.


Smoking is one of the most dangerous potential killers in our daily life. It does harm to not only the smokers but also the ones around the smokes. It may lead to lung diseases or even threaten our lives. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The restaurant is a public place where lots of people have meals together. So it is necessary to keep its environment clean and tidy or people will feel bad, which may make them not go here any more. Smoking will lead to its atmosphere being foul, which will make other consumers uncomfortable. What's worse, there may be many children or pregnant women in the restaurant, whose health can be heavily influenced by smoking. I think smoking in public places is not a good habit, especially in the restaurants. This kind of behavior has something to do with the quality of citizens in a country. All of us should take the responsibility not to smoke in the restaurants and other public places. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Completely banning smoking at all the restaurants will really make us and others feel better.


As we all know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment. No smoking has become a dream of many people. Some businesses now say that no one can smoke cigarettes in any of their offices. Some governments have banned smoking in all public places. This is a good idea though it takes away some of our freedom. Smoking can lead to many diseases, such as lung cancer. Smoking affects non smokers more than it does smokers. Ratio of passive smokers getting ill is higher than that of In public places, the harm of smoking is greater. This is connected with another effect of smoking. That is, smoking pollutes environment by giving much poisonous off into the air. Therefore, the government ban smoking is very necessary and important to us. It is a measure to protect our health and environment. So many people, especially nonsmokers are strongly supporting it. Some people say that it takes away some of our freedom. I think it is a one sided view. If one wants to smoke, he may smoke in private, not in the public places. In fact, smokers still have the freedom of smoking. What's more, I think, smokers had better give up smoking, not only in private places, but also in the public places, everywhere. It will surely be beneficial to all of us.


 No smoking! is a slogan which has been spoken for a long time, but a complete prohibition of smoking is a dream hard to come true. Considering the bad effects of smoking, I am strongly for the proposal to ban smoking at least in some areas   for example   the restaurants. First of all, smoking in restaurant may cause bad impact on the business. Restaurant is a place where people go to enjoy food and have some relax, and as a result, besides the food and service, the atmosphere and the environment of it is an important factor in choosing a restaurant. For those non smokers, it is unbearable to sit in a smoky area for an hour or more since the air is polluted, not to mention to have a good appetite. What's more, non smoking customers, which is a large portion in the population, will refuse to have dinner in it, which is a great loss to the restaurant. Secondly, smoking in public places like restaurants raises a severe problem of second hand smokers. As is shown in the medical research, second hand smokers are more likely to get lung cancer than people who really smoke. In restaurant, the smoke of one cigarette will spread across the whole room, thus bringing potential danger to health of all the staff and customers. That's a big problem. In the world people live longer and happier, smoking is really a great obstacle to improve the quality of people's lives. Consideration the above obvious bad impacts of smoking, we should ban smoking from our life   from the basic level(eating environment)   ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country.


Stepping into a restaurant, how many times have we seen those people with a lighted cigarette blowing a cloud regardless of others' feelings? Choked by the smoke often while having no one to complain to, I seriously agree with the proposal that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, smoking is harmful to everyone, no matter he smokes actively or passively. Researches have confirmed the fact that those who smoke are at a higher risk of getting lung cancer than those who don't, and what makes it even more astonishing is that people who breathe the smoke are even more likely to get the disease! So not only does smoking in public areas such as the restaurants harm people who smoke, it also threatens the health of the ignorant people beside them. Besides, smoking can be a potential danger for the public as a cigarette has to be lit when someone smokes which may set the whole restaurant on fire. I'm not creating a great sensation. In fact there was a fire accident in Wenzhou recently resulting from a lit cigarette, causing people getting injured and the restaurant losing a sum of money. There are thousands of such convincing examples pointing out it's dangerous to smoke in public. However, some people may point out that people who smoke knows the disadvantages of smoking, but they simply cannot control themselves, so it's crucial for them not smoking in the restaurants. Admittedly, there are a large number of people used to smoking, and the rule seems to harm their benefits, which is the main reason why the principle is hard to be carried out. A good solution is they can smoke outside the restaurant in the open area. So in conclusion, as the advantages outweigh the disadvantages, I insist smoking being banned in restaurant.


Chinese government declared that smoking should be completely banned at all the indoor public and commonality vehicles, coupled with me other outdoor working yards, at the mainland after January 2011. But I think it's not good enough to banned smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants in the country are different from other public whose customers usually are farmers. They often go to restaurants for a simple part or when they need to celebrate an event. Cigarettes become a bond of social communication and giving a cigarette shows their friendliness to others. With a cigarette in their hands, they can chat with each other enthusiastically. To some degree, smoking can refresh and relax oneself. Farmers work hard in field and do other jobs to support their families. Being too tied, smoking when chat with friends in the restaurants makes them feel ease. Ban on smoking is the final aim. But this project should be done step by step. Banning smoking completely breaks the farmers' harmony in the restaurant. There will be more depress, misunderstanding and conflicts. Worse still, if smoking is completely banned at all restaurants in the country, false smoke will be more rampancy in the country, which can bring more serious damages to peoples' health. It's a huge project to ban smoking and everything should be taken into consideration.


I never conceal my disgust at smoking. On my opinion, smoking should be forbidden in the whole universe, much less in public places. It is well acknowleged that smokers are doing something relaxing at the expense of their health——even their families'. Everybody knows that smoking hurts lung, but in fact, it almost affects the whole body, greatly increasing the possibility of heart attacks and causing deafness, enteron deseases even cancers. What's worse, smokers will finally develop a denpendency on nicotine and become its slaves forever. Typical heavy smoker as my father is, he uses cigarettes to relieve his tiredness. And in turn, he will becom extremely upset and tired once a cigarette couldn't be smoked. That's why smokers always fail to give up smoking, knowing every disadvantages it brings. Smoking in public places just enlarges a personal problem and affect more people. Everyone smokes passively, everyone get unhappy and people's rights is torted. As far as I'm concerned, smoking in public places is not only a kind of immoral, a kind of disgrace, but also a kind of disobeying the spirit of law. I just feel terrible and can't help starting to cough when it comes that somebody standing by me is smoking. There're so many problems it is causing and why any of us should accept being affected by it? Allowing smoking in public places may also convey an attitutude that smoking is somehow be allowed, be admitted, and be understood. Smokers cannot feel the criticism from the society or even a little limit which would makes it even harder to for them to stop it. Undoultedly, apart from people don't smoke, it's also unfair and irresponsible to all the smokers. All above leads to the conclusion that smoking should definitely be forbidden in public places.


Nowadays, it is gradually accepted that smoking is a bad habit. Consequently, more and more countries have set laws to ban smoking in public places. As far as I'm concerned, that is terrific for us. Smoking is a bad habit, since it is bad for not only smokers, but people around them as well. It is unfair for them to suffer from smoking, for they don't do anything wrong but have a risk on their health. As the Bible says, everyone is born equal. Therefore, for the sake of non smokers, our government should ban smoking. Laws should protect the benefit of the most people and show the equality of human society. Smoking is supposed to be forbidden in public places. On the other hand, smoking, itself, is a nuisance for our human society. It is thought to be a big cause of cancer as well as other diseases. Both the smokers and the second hand smokers have a high risk on gaining the No. 1 killer   cancer. For instance, in a family, father is a smoker while his wife and his children are second hand smokers. Study showed that about one third of the cancer is related to smoking. Government ought to discourage people not to smoke. In addition, smoking do harm to our environment because it releases many kinds of harmful gas when lighted and tobacco agriculture is bad for our earth. In one word, smoking is nothing good but a sudden joy to the smoker when smoking. Smoking in public places should be banned. Let's say 'smoking free' to our society.


 One of the hot issues many people complain about today is smoking in public places such as buses, cinemas and department stores, especially restaurants. Then should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? I will say :NO! Neither because I'm addicted to nicotine nor I have many friends who drag do I disagree. And I admit that smoking is harmful both to the smokers and people around. I know that nobody will die of lung cancer if there is no smoker. And I'm pretty clear that if all smokers would break with the bad habit, our world will be much better. But I just don't think it is proper to deal with this social problem this way. I totally agree to forbid smoking in most restaurants, but there should be ones allowing. Smokers need places to relax and smoke, And it is not humane and we have no right to ban smoking at all the restaurants. Because we all have the right to decide what to do as long as there is no harm to others, just like gay or straight. I guess that is the same to smokers. I hope smokers will break that bad habit in the end, but we must guide our citizens step by step, ban at restaurants from a few to all. Only in that way can we solve this problem properly.


Whether smoking should be forbidden in the restaurant has been a focus for a long time. Some restaurants keep the non smokers apart from the smokers to solve the problem, which I think is a good solution. It seems that the laws that smoking should be forbidden in public places such as restaurant was published several months ago, but it still don't come to effect up to now. As is known to all, smoking is harmful to health. It not only hurts the smokers but also the second hand smokers. But it is still common to see someone smoking in public places especially in the restaurants. Though smoking is forbidden in public places, most restaurants still allow people smoking. Maybe the restaurant doesn't have the authority to ban the diners from smoking, so some keeps the non smokers apart from the smokers to protect the non smokers. To the restaurant, it's a good way to keep the non smokers from the smokers and at the same time, it keeps its income. From my point of view, it will be a long time before smoking is away from the public. Only when the smokers will be fine seriously or the people's quality has been highly improved, nobody will smoke in the public.


 Smoking is a kind of annoyed behavior in the eyes of the people who don't smoke. Why are people smoke? I think some people find tobacco can let him or her excited after smoking, Other people think smoking stands for cool and wealthy, there is an another reason, the people who was under the great pressure want to find a way to reduce it. However, Smoking is an unhealth behavior which bring a lot harmful not only smoker itself but other people stay nearby. When I smell the smoke I feels headache, so, I hate someone smokes besides me. I think there are lots of people feel strongly annoyed when someone smoking in public. Nowadays, many countries have set the law to prevent the rights of people who doesn't smoke. The law says no smoking in public, if you wants to smoke, you must be alone without anyone nearby or go to the smoking zoom. I think this law indicate that more and more people desire a clean environment. One more rules between human being is when you do something yourself you can't make trouble to other people, otherwise the society would turn into upset&down. Do not smoke in the public I think is important both to society and citizens, which could made great process to the civilization of human being.


I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because this decision is in favor of the health and well being of everyone, smokers included. As we all know, second hand smoke contains even more toxic elements than the smoker himself receives, which can cause lung cancer, coronary heart disease, and respiratory problems. There is no point that those who don't smoke should have a dinner at the cost of their health because of smokers' fault. In fact, there are a large number of restaurants which have different sections for both guests. But it's common knowledge that air moves out of human control. People can still smell smoke even in their non smoking section, which is unfair. Secondly, public places like restaurants hold many teenager guests. The behavior of adult may have bad impact on the young who haven't set up their health value. They may take smoking as a fashion way of self expressing. In the recent years, more and more students have lit up their first cigarette out of curiosity and a superficial feeling of being fashion. Some even get addicted to it. Adult should be blamed for the phenomenon and take up the responsibility of building up a role model. Actions should be taken right away. As smoking is good to no one, banning it in restaurant is a perfect solution. Let's hand in hand, help those who smoke to quit and make those who don't smoke never even think of light up the first cigarette. Let's make our air clean and fresh!


 As we all knows, smoking is harmful to our lungs, which will lead our body worse and worse. So I think it is necessary for us to let smoking be forbidden in public places. First of all, public places are for not only smokers but also nonsmokers. However, if the smokers smoke in public places, the nonsmokers have to breath the smoke into their body, which called second hand smoke, is also harmful to their body. It is very unfair for those nonsmokers. Why do they have to breath in these harmful smoke? Secondly, I think smoking in public places is a very uncivilized behavior because this behavior will influence others in public places. Smoke will fill into the air and let the environment be very bad and uncomfortable. Then the less and less people will go to these public places. As a result this public place will be forgot and be useless. Besides, this will leave a very poor impression on the tourist. Last, the cigarette butts are also a very big problem. Smokers always throw their cigarette butts promiscuously which let the ground looks naughty and cause the fire. This will be dangerous. To sum up, there are lots of harm but no benefit. So why not let the smoking be forbidden in public places?


Some days ago, I watched a video called Justice. This is a class held in Harvard university. The famous professor showed some data to his students. The cigarette factory make many profit by producing cigarettes and they pay large sums of tax to the country. I can't remember the number of the data exactly, but this profit is much bigger than the money spend in curing the illness that the cigarettes bring to us. So this draw forth the consideration of whether the government should forbid smoking when all of us know the bad effect of smoking. In one aspect, smoking enlarge the social wealth and give more people jobs. However in the other aspect, smoking results in cancel and other illness. So what should the government do and what should we do? my opinions are as follows. Firstly, I think we should completely banned smoking in all the restaurants step by step because it is impossible to carry out this big plan in a short time. With the develop of the technology, people have change their view on cigarette, and few and few people are smoking now, which suggest us that banned smoking completely is possible. Secondly, I think we should not allow cigarettes destroy out health even it have some many advantages to the country. There must exist some other things that can take place cigarettes. We can develop that factory. We hope that we could have a no smoking world in the future.


 Smoking, once considered a shameful thing, however, receives the popularity among the young generation in contemporary society. And it seems to be a culture that the young, especially the students in middle school, smoke extensively. Having their ears pierced, wearing worn out jeans, with a cigarette hanging between their lips and so on, these young boys (maybe including a few badly behaved girls )are just trying to change their style, or to look the part of their favorite pop singers or movie stars. They feel smoking makes them look cooler. As we all know, smoking brings about a large amount of disadvantages. First, it does harm to our body health, it can increase the chances of lung disease. Next, those who can't afford buying cigarettes with their pocket money may steal or rob, thus forming awful characters. At length, some of them are so addicted to smoking that they feel uncomfortable when they don't smoke. This will certainly affect their study, in a word, they're ruining their future. On the other hand, the young who smoke heavily are innocent on further reflection. Our society should be responsible for the score oriented education. The failure to guide the young generation to realize the correct value of life, not only does harm to their health, but discourages their pure soul. They should seriously think about what is truly beautiful and what value we should pursue. However, I do believe, with the efforts of school teachers and the government, the possibility of breathing in fresh air rather than second hand smoke will come true.


I do not think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is generally believed that smoking does a great harm to our health. So it is really a very good choice if it is banned in most parts of the restaurant. But I also do believe that since it is really hard to get rid of smoking, we should at least show a little respect to the smokers and allow them to smoke in certain parts of the restaurants. Maybe we could find a small room as a specific smoking room and allow them to have a smoke there. Anyway, they are not having drugs. Although it does harm to others, we can not deprive them form their fundamental human rights. Simply find a little space for them and all the problems could be solved. Another problem is the possibility of putting a ban on smoking everywhere. On the one hand, with millions of people now smoking in China, it could be a difficult goal to achieve. We can not put a cop in every restaurant. On the other hand, it has no real meaning if we could really achieve this goal. Although people no longer smoke in the restaurant, can we guarantee that they would not pick up a cigarette again on the street or in their own homes. These behaviors could also do harm to people's health. However, we couldn't have an eye on them under these circumstances. So, generally speaking, I don't think that it is a good idea to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants. What we should do is to uses some other measures to tell people that smoking harms. These measures could only work when people get to know the harm and are willing to stop smoking by themselves.


 Nowadays, there is a trend in the world that more and more people are against smoking in public. However, I disagree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. No country has completely banned smoking in public, so why at restaurants? Harmful as smoking is, personal habits and the relaxation brought by smoking cannot be neglected. Many smokers consider smoking as a way of releasing stress especially after work. As for those mental laborers, a cigarette may bring them inspirations when they meet with difficult problems. Especially for those who are not smoking, lack of professional knowledge about health keeps them against smoking. Some may argue that the restaurant is a place where many people get together and clear air is required. However, the problem can be easily solved by setting smoking areas for smokers' special need. Some of the current restaurants have already took this measure to satisfy both smokers and other people. Therefore, completely banning smoking is not necessary at all. There is absolutely no need for us to ban smoking at all the restaurants.


 Smoking addiction among people has been a big concern, considering it causes great harm to people's health little by little. So, I must argue that smoking should be banned in public places, especially restaurants. There are several reasons to support my opinion. Primarily, smoking poses series health problems to the smokers themselves. Most smokers get lung diseases because of smoking. What's worse, smoking will decrease people's immune system, causing people get ill more easily. Although the cigarette boxes are printed smoking is bad for health, smokers continue to smoke. Since the number of people addicted to smoking is so huge and the number is still climbing, we can sense it is high time for us to stop people smoking. One of the efficient ways to solve this problem is banning smoking in restaurants. And the harmful air that smokers breath leads to immense harm to the nonsmokers' health. In restaurants', there are many nonsmokers eating, adding the fact that the air in restaurants does not flow quickly, the smoke makes nonsmokers suffer even greater. In conclude, smoking is bad for both smokers and nonsmokers health, we must ban smoking in restaurants.


Recently, there's a widespread concern over the issue that smoking in public should be banned or not. In my point of view, I'm really for the voice of banning public smoking. It is known to all that smoking does bad to human's body seriously. It is very harmful to our health. It will also increase the risk of getting horrible diseases. If one smokes in public, he will make other people around him breathe second hand smoke. Other people will feel very uncomfortable. Also, their health will be damaged. Last but not least, smoking in public also cause a lot of environment problems. Many smokers just throw the unsmoked part of the cigarette away on the road or some other places nearby such as flower pots. It looks so disgusting. In some dry places, throwing fired cigarettes away even makes it easier to get on fire. To conclude, smoking in public is really bad to others. It not only pollutes the air, but also does harm to people's health and safe. So, in my opinion, smoking in public should be banned really and people who do not obey the banning rules should be punished seriously. Also, a ban on smoking in public places would also help reduce health care costs. Fewer people would need to be treated for the lung maladies that result from breathing in the smoke exhaled by others.


Introduced more than one hundred years before, tobacco is playing a more and more important role in people's life than ever before. And now in the modern society, they just seem to be everywhere. A group of people even should smoke in the public place, which I can never ever tolerate. I do hate people smoke in public, because I can not stand the terrible smell. I believe the majority of the non smokers are the same with me. Those who smoke in the public place don't care about the feelings of the people around them. To that extent, they are not considerate and even uncivilized! I don't think they have the right to put us in the dirty air, which is tatally not fair to us. What's more? The smoke is poisonous. Hundreds of thousands of scientific findings have already showed that the cigarettes contain much harmful substances to human body. We, people who do not smoke, are innocent, when some people tend to have a good time at the cost of the health of the people standby, aren't we? To be critical, they are murdering. In addition, as civilized citizens, they should at least obey the rules and regulations in a certain place. In many public places, there are obvious signs read No smoking. But they just ignore. It's a shame, isn't it. To sum up, from my stand point, smoking in public should be banned strictly. I appeal to all the non smokers to stand out, make their voice and fight for the rights of us own, the rights to live in the clean healthy air.


In my opinion, smoking should be forbidden in public places. As we all know, smoking is harmful to people' health. Cigarettes contain a lot of poisonous things that if a baby swallows one, it is likely to die and that the boiled water from a bunch of them makes an effective insecticide. Once people are hooked by cigarettes, they will take the risk of suffering pneumonia and even lung cancer. They are all horrible deadly diseases. Smoking has become an important killer along these years. So I do not support the idea that smoke in public places. Apart from the harm it does to people's health, the fact that smoking pollutes the environment of public places is another important reason. Obviously, there are many kinds of people gather in public places. Some places like pubs, hospitals, there are a lot of people there and the air can not cycle easily. I have had the experience so I know the bad feeling taking breath of the smoke other people breathe out. It affect my mood greatly. In a row it can affects the efficiency of work. When you smoke in public places, may be you are comfortable, while others are suffering. Based on the reasons above, so I think smoking should be forbidden in public places. A law which limits smoking should be passed so that we can get fresh air back in public places.


Smoking has long been considered to be bad to our health while still there are so many people who can not get rid of it. What's worse, people around the smoker will suffer. So I do approve of the policy that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is our common sense that smoking shortens our longevity. Any one who wants to live happily and healthily in his older ages needs to stop smoking. Banning it in public places warns smokers of cigarettes' health damaging effects and gives them less chances of smoking. And it ensures them a healthier life. Better still, non smokers in restaurants can get a relief from the worry that there would be a heavy smoker fill the air with bad smelling, health affecting smoke. They will surely have a better time eating in the restaurants. Restaurant owners benefit from the policy too. No smoker there always means less conflict between customers. It also makes restaurants a more welcome place. Cleaning is much more easier when they do not have to deal with the smoke, cigarette ash and snipes. So it is a win win game for smokers and non smoker, customers and restaurants. Why not implement this useful policy to our society as soon as possible?


With the improvement of the quality of our lives, we care more about our health. However, we set a potential hazard in our daily life. It is the smoking. As we all know, smoking has a lot of bad effect on us. I think it is necessary to ban smoking in restaurants. Here are my reasons. Firstly, the smell of cigarettes is offensive, which turns people's stomach. Restaurant is the place where people have meals. The offensive smell fills the restaurant, which affect people's appetite. All of us want to have meals in good and clean surroundings, so it is necessary to drive the smell of cigarettes out of restaurants. This happens only if smoking is banned in restaurants. Secondly, restaurant is a public place. People of all ages, from babies to the old, get into the restaurants. The cigarettes have a harmful effect on people's health, especially pregnant women, babies and the old. If someone smokes in the restaurant, all of people in the restaurants are forced to have passive smoking. Passive smoking has more disadvantages than active smoking. Smoking is an action that builds your happiness upon the unhappiness of somebody else. Such behavior should be banned immediately. To sum up, as smoking in restaurants does harm to all of people there, the government should ban smoking in restaurants. Therefore, we can have a nice and clean surroundings to enjoy our meals.


I think smoking should be completely banned in the restaurants. Although smoking is a common phenomenon, it is not accepted by most people. What is more, smoking is not only harmful to the smokers but also to the people around them. As we all know, restaurants are public places. Everyone has the responsibility to keep our environment clean and comfortable. But the smoke from cigarettes is very smoky. Above all, it is bad to our health. We can also imagine a situation. You are enjoying your wonderful meal with your boyfriend or girlfriend. Then suddenly a smell of ash floats to you. How will you feel? Maybe all your atmosphere will be destroyed. Maybe you won't want to stay in the restaurant any more. So smoking in the restaurant is unfair to other customers. It is bad manners to smoke in front of a lot of people. Limiting smoking in the restaurants will make contribution to making our society more civilized. As far as I am concerned 76% of people hate smoking. At the same time we should set a perception that smoking is not as cool as it is in the films. We college students shouldn't smoke in public places especially in the restaurants.


 Teenagers longings adult's image and status, with smoking to represent grow on your own, or representative mature feeling and charm. Junior middle school students, high school students of smoking are mostly boys. Small smokers usually can't open on parents and teachers, so the toilet before smoking, the way to school, such as Internet cafes "gloomy corner" become their smoking stronghold. Smoking can damage the brain, make thinking become slow, memory loss, impact study and work, make the students' academic performance decline. Smoking is harmful to health, to make us teenagers initiative away from tobacco, away from harm, I think I should rely on our society, family and school joint effort. Teenagers of curiousity, like to imitate adult, also want to experience a few when smoking, easiness too comfortable feeling. In addition, students have no economy source, smoking more money is through deception parents or steal home get. Some students are through threats, fraud is relatively smaller classmates even steal others' property and come, smoking not only influence yourself, but also hurt others, polluted campus environment. As teenage has no own ability, they cannot pay for smoking expenses, as time passes, can produce a lot of social problems, make the juvenile crime increased, spreading to the whole society. The rise in teenage smoking, for our nation and society is a potential problem. Smoking on adolescents' health is a great threat, many adults diseases with teenage smoking related. In order to prevent children to smoke, parents should first set an example, oneself do not smoke, and try to control cause child smoking conditions. With patience and love, and give them to build up a good environment


 Nowadays, too many people are absorbed in smoking, they can't help to smoke in public places. This phenomenon has already become a hot topic in society. Some people think it doesn't matter to smoke in public places, because each citizen has his or her right to do what he or she wants. But I think it should be forbidden. Smoking in public places is not only a thing of your own, you may disturb others. If there is a person with lung disease nearby, and you light the cigarettes one by one, you may do a very bad thing to him or her. On the other hand, many smokers always leave cigarette ends around, it's really bad to our environment and public tidy. When I visited Shanghai Expo Park with my parents, we saw some smoking areas. As we know, Shanghai Expo Park got together more than 200 thousands visitors all over the world each day. So everything in it might show our culture to the world. Since people didn't smoke here and there, the air in the park is clean and the environment is pretty. We showed to the world that China was a polite country. We Chinese are all proud of our own. At the same time, smokers had no need to suffer from the strong feeling that they want to smoke, they could go to the smoking area to do what they wanted. It's humanized. It can kill two birds with one stone. The conclusion is smoking in public places should be forbidden, while some special areas should be set up. Let's make our life better together.


 Recently, it has been estimated that smokers have made up half of the population in China, and the results also proved that the smokers are becoming younger and younger, even including some middle school students. I was sad and shocked when I heard the news, because I know what it will cause in the future. Smoking is dangerous and harmful to our health, and it could also cause several health problems. One of them is to increase the risk of getting various forms of cancer. Smoking also increases people's heart rate and blood pressure, straining heart and blood vessels. This can lead to heart attacks, strokes and a lack of oxygen in the blood which can then lead to amputated limbs and swollen up airways. Many scientists also find that smoking has even more serious effects on teenagers than adults. If the circumstance cannot be changed, the level of Chinese young people will become worse and worse. But there is a question: why do so many young people smoke? Most of them say that they take it as the symbol of maturation. Then I have another question: what is maturation? Is smoking connected with maturation? Li Jiacheng, Bill Gates are both mature and success, but they don't smoke. In my opinion, smoking is actually the symbol of immature, because smokers cannot tell right from wrong. There are also some smokers who say that smoking makes them energetic, but I think the effect is so weak compared to its harms. In other words, it's improper for us to use cigarettes to indicate something. To sum up, no matter who you are, it's improper for you to smoke, for it is equal to slow death. So, now, if you don't smoke, keep the good habit, if you are a smoker, please stay away from it now.


Nowadays, when you are in a coffee, a hotel, or a restaurant, you can always see that someone is smoking. As is known to all that smoking is a form of self battering that those who must sit by, occasionally joke or complain, and hopeless watch. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. To begin with, it is harmful for public health. The restaurant is the public site. There are always many people eating. If there is someone smoking, all the people sit around him will breathe in the smoke. It does harm to not only himself but also the others. Moreover, it influences others' regular meal. There is no doubt that there is no man is willing to have a meal in a place which is full of smoke. The restaurant is the place intended for eating. All the action which will do harm to the guests' eating should be banned. Last but not the least, smoking is not being encouraged among the public. On the contrary, the government is advocating the citizens to abandon smoking. Smoking at the restaurant is in contradiction with this. As far as I am concerned, banning smoking at the restaurant will build a harmonious situation for meal. And it is also beneficial for the ones who want to quit smoking. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants immediately.


As my opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. My reasons are as follows. Firstly, restaurants is a public place that has a strict demanding of sanitation. Smoking will produces lots of pollutant that is harmful to people. The smog engendered during the process of smoking contains nicotine and some other chemicals which are the cause of various kinds of cancer. Secondly, while people enjoy their deals, they surely need a fresh and comfortable environment. The smoky smell of the smog produces in the process of smoking will disturbs guests a lot. Especially in the summer, while the majority of restaurants' airconditions are in use, the smell will cause more displeasure due to the less freely flowing of air. Thirdly the stub will largely increase the difficulty of the cleaning of restautants for that stub is easily blow around by wind. What's more, smoking may become the latent danger of fire. If smokers haven't put out the flake of cigarattes thoroughly, then the safety of all the guests couldn't be ensured. Personally I suggest that each restautant can set a smoking room that is seperated from other guests or completely ban smoking, thus provide guests a safe and cozy environment to enjoy their deals.


In my eyes, smoking has no advantages but so many disadvantages. But obviously, it is hard enough for people to give it up. Firstly, smoking is very bad for your health especially your heart and lung. At first, you may not feel a bit, but when you are old, you can not stop coughing and you feel tired all the time. Secondly, families and friends around you are badly hurt from your smoking. Many conveys said that smoking have even worse effect on the people around smokers. Thirdly, smoking makes the environment worse and worse. People must live in a dirty world. The air is so bad that more and more lung patients come forth. What is more, smoking won't cost a little so that you save money if you don't smoke. However, smoking can't be entirely forbidden although there are many signs saying No smoking. We everyone should try our best to persuade our parents and friends to give up smoking. And the government should make some more efficient rules to prevent smoking from appearing in the public occasion. As far as I am concerned, the most important thing is how to stop students from smoking because the number of young smokers becomes more. I wish there were no smoking in the world one day.


 Since the discovery of tobacco, smoking has been popular worldwide. In the new century, the number of smokers has been increasing rapidly. As a result, many smokers have got diseases which they suffer from a lot. To prevent the bad effects caused by smoking, I think it is important to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. For one thing, smoking can bring diseases to both smokers and people around them. Most smokers hooked by cigarettes cannot be as fashionable as the stars, but they may get lung diseases like pneumonia, even lung cancer. According to modern medical science, smoking is also linked to heart disease and bronchitis. It is reported that smoking is responsible for millions of death around the world every year. A restaurant is a serving place. It's illegal to harm other people's health there. For another, smoking is just a waste of time. People might smoke because they feel confused or annoyed. However, one can never solve his problems by smoking. If people in a restaurant spend the time considering the situations instead of smoking, they may come up with methods to solving their problems. Besides, smoking pollutes the air. Not all the people can bear having a delicious meal in a restaurant full of smoke. Smoking is bad for the elevation of a country's image in the world. To sum up, I insist that banning smoking be completely at all the restaurants in the country is necessary. Only in this way can people become healthier and happier.


The argument about smoking never stops, especially in public places. With the development of the health study, people tend to pay more and more attention to their health. People who smoke not only suffer from the lung cancer and other illnesses that result from smoking, but also let the no smoking people in the polluted environment. How to solve such a difficult public question is faced with everyone. Imagine a scene, when you and your friends are having a delicious meal in a quiet and tastefully laid out restaurant, , someone next to you is just puffing on his pipe, what is your feeling now? Would you keep in a mood to enjoy the meal? A ban that is against smoking in public places is really in a great need. Nowadays, the campaigns which are to oppose smoking are countless. However, the results are not so effective. As far as I am concerned, one of the most significant reasons is that the government does not pay much attention. The tobacco exportation plays a very important part in the economy. The concerned apartments would not be please to sacrifice such a major incoming. Secondly, the films and soap operas on TV set wrong values for the adolescences. There're a great number of shots of smoking. As a result, the teenage are just in those ages with a great interest to copy what they see, especially their heroes. In a conclusion, if we are stick to stop smoking in public places, we should imbue our children with such a thought that smoking is harmful, not only to you, but to everyone around you. Also, we should urge our government to take some actions to prevent such things. We believe if we work together, the smoking will be defeated one day.


Nowadays, more and more people have an addiction to smoking. In public, it is easy to see that many people smoke without limitation. Some people think that there is no need to forbid smoking in public places. But some people take an opposite attitude on this problem. I believe that the latter is right. I insist that we should explicity forbid smoking in public places. It is true that people who are addicted to smoking may feel very uncomfortable if smoking in public is forbidden. They need to smoke in order to relieve the pressure and gain energy. But that is not to say that the former view is totally decisive. In my submission, no one can deny that banning smoking in public places will bring a lot of benefits to us. That we forbid smoking in public is absolutely necessary. Firstly, cigarette includes many poisonous things such as nicotine. When people smoke in public places, other people will be hurt by second hand smoking which is the main reason for causing lung cancer among non smokers. Secondly, smoking too much is also bad for the health of smokers. Banning smoking in public may help them smoke less. In addition, no smoking in public reflects the responsibility and trait. Smokers should think more about the feelings of other people. As the problem is so serious, we should take actions to solve it. Banning smoking in public is a thorough method, which can reduce the harm of smoking effectively. In conclusion, it is necessary and essential for us to forbid smoking in public places.


In my view, smoking should be forbidden anywhere not only in public. Of course I don't smoke and also I don't like anyone around me to smoke. I can't figure out any positive effect it has on people. Many big restaurants now decide to forbid smoking or have a simple place for people who smoke. These kinds of decisions solve the health problem and the safety problem in the same time. No more second hand smoke and less danger of fire, I can't agree more. But in some small restaurants, there are still many people smoking freely, making the room full of smoke. For me, I will never ever go to eat in a restaurant like that, no matter how delicious the dishes are. I prefer a better place to eat. The worst habit in the world is taking drugs, I think. And the one next to it must be smoking. So, why so many people still smokes? The answer is that they are addicted to it. Yes, it's addictive. It does great harm to the smoker and the people around. Les's get rid of it. Public places, like restaurants, are made for people to relax, not suffer. So please give us a space of fresh air.


 I'm completely for the idea that banning smoking at all the restaurants. I even hope that banning smoking could be conduct at all public situations. As is known to all, smoking is unhealthy. It will bring cancer to the one who smoke. And the serious effect is not only for the smokers, but also the people around the smokers. In a restaurant, whether large or small, there are always so many people seated, eating and more importantly, breathing. Once there is a person smoking, the smell flows. It is just like a terrorist making a gas bomb gone off. Then suddenly the surrounding will be full of that smell and many people will begin to cough and feel sick. On the other hand, the smell of smoking will no doubt make the other customers feel that the food in the restaurant isn't yummy. And they will comment that this restaurant is not a good destination for dinners. In that way, it may reduce the restaurant's reputation. Of course the smoker won't think that it is them who add the bad reputation to the restaurant, so the only way to prevent the restaurants from losing customers is banning smoking. Now that there is no good to smoke in the restaurants, we should ban it completely.


 We all agree that smoking does harm to our health. And we also advice smokers to lay aside this habit, and some countries pass laws that smoking in the public places is banned. Yeah, it is really necessary. But we must consider the large number of smokers, we must safeguard their rights. So, we should not forbid them from smoking in all restaurants. We could classify the restaurants into two kinds. We can provide some special restaurants for the smokers, and in others, smoking should be banned. Of course, this is only one solution to the problem. But, we must respect the smokers' rights. We can advice, but we can not do harm to their rights. If smoking is completely banned in all restaurants in the coutry, maybe it does effect someone to give it up. But, what we do will not lead to a good ending. Though we sacrifice others' rights to make our thoughts come true, we also realize that maybe some day we could be the others. So, smoking shouldn't be completed banned in all restaurants in the country.


 Supposing that you are at a family reunion party in an elegant restaurant. You are eating delicious food, tasting the wine and fully enjoying the merry atmosphere. Then all of a sudden, the smelly smoke of a cigarette comes into your nose, drawing away all your sense of satisfaction of the night. Of course, the smoker is exactly what you are going to complain of. If I were the one who encounter such an unpleasant situation, I would surely hope to sweep smoking out of my country completely. Since restaurants are public places where many people breathe the same air, people shouldn't pollute the fresh air out of their selfishness. Also, it is a widely acknowledged fact that smokers do greater harm to people around them than to themselves though these people just take in harmful air. More seriously, smoking in public places like restaurants is likely to cause fire, which may at the same time claim a lot of other innocent lives and totally destroy the restaurant building, thus resulting in a huge loss. We have to admit that it's a too big price to pay! Taking all safety and health factors into account, I strongly suggest smoking be banned at all the public places, not only in restaurants in the country. Everybody has a role to play while being a part of social life. Whether we are able to create a safe and harmonious social environment or not lies in exactly what we are doing.


Although how to ban smoking is a hard social problem, we must try our best to find the way, since the harmful effect added on people, not only the man he himself smokes but also every person around him, is known to all and can't be neglected. A man who is addicted to smoking tends to smoke every time and everywhere, even out of control. If you set a sign reading no smoking, he will just say in mind :okay, I should pretend not to see it, not to mention that he will keep the ban in mind. In fact, the effect of the ban hasn't appeared genarally so far, neither in restaurants nor even in school. But how can we do? First of all, we should strengthen the law constraint against smoking in public, i. e. increase penalty of the person who violates the ban. Secondly we should try to build our good atmosphere in society. It's ideal to educate people the harm that smoking can do on us, including those who are smoked by others. Besides, whether a person has a discipline of smoking in pubilic is a matter about social morality and basic qaulity that a man should possess. In that way, increasing public qaulity is the central mission since it's the essential and radical factor of how willing the man is to avoid smoking in public. There lies the way, maybe long and narrow, of the effective ban on smoking in public, for our faith in the final existence of no smoking public places.


When it comes to smoking banning, quite a lot of people will support this policy because smoking is not about a problem of personal habits but a public concern. Though enjoyable as smoking is for smokers, the behavior of smoking is unpleasing in public. It will discomfort people near you. Everyone should be considerate about others. It is reported that the annual number of people killed by smoking is increasing. And now not only man but also women smoke a lot. This trend will have an bad impact on the health of our future generation. Moreover, smoking in public is more dangerous. Second hand smoke is really bad for other people whose rate of lung disease will be higher than smokes themselves. It is un moral and these smokers can't take the responsibility. So, from the health point of view, smoking is absolutely harmful to human and therefore must be banned especially in public places such as restaurants. Environmentally, smoking cause pollution. The situation of air is getting more and more worse. Both people and nature will be suffering. We should publish a standard of monitoring environmental equality in large cities to avoid more air pollution. It is time we tighten great control over smoking banning in public places and strictly deal with the polluted environment and treat the pollution.


Some people hold the view that smoking should be forbidden in public places. However others stand on the opposite side, thinking it's much to strict. As far as I am concerned, I support the former. The reasons are as follows. First and foremost, it is commonly acknowledged that smoking do great damage to smokers' health and even make smokers have lung cancers. Since there is no good to smoke, why do people smoke and even can be allowed to smoke in public places? Besides, when a person smoke in public places, people around him, including infants and the old, have to breathe the smoke air given off by the cigarette. In some public places which are indoor and only have limited space, such as libraries and restaurants, the damage smoking do must be greater because the polluted air stay inside instead of going out. Last but not least, cigarette butts and thick smoke may probably lead to a big fire, destroying public facilities, such as buildings, parks, libraries, theatres and so on. From all these reasons raised, we can come to the conclusion that smoking should be banned in public places, not only for ourselves and people around us but also for public safety.


Recently some researches show that smoking is not only bad to the smoker himself, but also people around him, which arouse public's attention, especially those non smokers. Walking along the street, you can speed up and overtake who are blowing a cloud. In a taxi cabin or on a bus, you can crank the window and ventilate. However, suppose you are sitting in a restaurant, waiting your meal with expectation and a person, just sits on the next table, enjoying inspiriting and aspirating, what will you do? You feel uncomfortable, annoyed, and angry. But unfortunately you can find little to do. I have gone through such dilemma, so I strongly agree that smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurant is a place where we order and enjoy palatable food. We change our money for chef's elaborate skills, exciting visual and tongue experience, even good health. Usually smoking restrains your appetite. More cigarettes, less degustation. Definitely it isn't worthy of what you have paid. It means waste of time and money. So first of all, I suggest those who prefer smoking on a table put out lighter and take up the dishware. On the other hand, since you are in a public area, you are bound to take other people into consideration. Smoking, this behavior, has a unique form – smoke, which floats everywhere without boundaries and has impact on others. A smoker may claim smoking is his or her private right. If it is, they should do that in their private place like sitting room or balcony. Everybody knows smoking is bad for health, including those heavy smokers. The problem is that they have formed a habit that can be hardly gotten rid of. Banning smoking in restaurants is an option to create a harmonious situation and relationships among people. Although it seems not a positive way, I still uphold it.


I strongly agree with the idea that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country. First of all, we know smoking really does harm to a person's health. Smoking will cause many diseases and make people have no energy so a person'd better not smoke. If smoking is banned in all the restaurants, there will be less and less smokers. However, there are still some people who are addicted to smoking. They can't completely quit smoking. However, smoking will also affect health of the people close to the smoker. That's really terrible. One person's smoking will make the harm spreads and many people have to suffer innocently. As a result, smoking must be banned in public places like restaurants. Secondly, the gas spreading from the cigarette will surely make other people in the restaurant feel uncomfortable and they won't have a good appetite so the restaurants have to suffer from the smokers. Banning smoking in all the restaurants will not only enable people to lead a healthier life but also provide the restaurant a better chance to earn more profits. Thirdly, people who don't smoke have the right to have a good environment without other people's smoking in the restaurant. The smokers need to obey to the needs of the most people. In all, banning smoking in restaurants will bring benefits to everyone and this trend is absolutely irreversible.


 As we all know that smoking is bad for our health. So should smoking be allowed in the public place has made a big discussion in the society. Some people consider that it may be very difficult to stop the people from smoking in the public place because there are so many people smoke and it may cause some serious problems as it can not be accept by so large number of people. But another part of people don't agree with them. There are so many people dead from smoking every year in the world and there are many unhealthy babies born according their parents' smoking. And when people smoke in the public place, it can be dangerous to our safe as many conflagrations are caused by the burning cigarette. The air will smell badly and be poisonous. I have the view that smoking in the public place shouldn't be allowed, but we must consider the people who are smoking. So we can make a smoking room for the people who smoke in the public place. It may good for health and can be accepted by everyone. The measures also can be made effectively and our society will be much more harmonious.


Nowadays, many people like to smoking. Even in the pubic, they also smoke. But in my eyes, that is a terrible thing and smoking should be strongly forbidden in the public. For smokers, smoking only can let them feel a bit relaxed in a short time. In the back of relaxness, so much bad influence are spreading in their body. The most widespread disease of smokers is lung cancer. Many smokers'lung like a black stone when examined. It has losed its pimary function to transport oxygen gas. So smokers are easily sudden died. A thing threatening one's life must should be forbidden. For the people around a smoker, many researches show that they are injured worse. It commomly be defined as Secondhand Smoke. It is unfair to them. They don't do anything, but they bear more harm. If those innocent people are you and you friends, can you tolerate it?For helping the innocent people, please smoker can quit smoking. For nature, smoking can discharge a lot of poisonous gas. It can damage the ozonosphere and lower the air quality. If we all like to smoke, the world must be totally destroyed. After that time, we would be regret about what we ever did. Now the world has many crisises. Of them, smoking plays a important role and cann't be ignore. Through smoking can result so mach terrible consequence, it should need to forbidden all over the world. In the near furture, all people hope to see a new world without cigarette. we everyone need do our best to realize our common dream.


As all of us know, smoking is really not a good habit. It does great harm to not only those smokers but also the people who are close to them. So we are supposed not to smoke and we should prevent people around us smoking. Now I will tell you the disadvantages of smoking in detail. Smoking is very dangerous for your health. Maybe smoking can make you relax, keep you awake, release stress and so on. But you must know that it does great harm to our lungs. In the past years, smoking has increased the possibility of suffering from lung cancer. Maybe some people are lucky enough that they don't suffer from cancer, but they are easier to get cough, headache or other lung diseases. Then, some teenagers may get into bad habits just beginning with smoking. They will make friends with evildoers and learn some bad habits from them. They may waste academic, often fight with others. And when they get older, they may become hidden problems of society. It all begins with smoking, and you can see how harmful it is. Finally, smoking is a waste of money. You have to spend a lot of money if you have the habit of smoking. For all the disadvantages above, it is time for us to stop smoking for ourselves and people around us. let's start from ourselves to quit smoking.


Recently, whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country has become a heated topic. Though many people are strongly against it, I stand for it firmly. To begin with, there is no need to smoke at restaurant. A large amount of people smoke only to make them calm and keep their brain work efficiently, thus they have no excuse to smoke at a restaurant without any work to do. As for those who are addicted to cigarettes, it is absolutely possible to get rid of cigarette for a few moments. Furthermore, the non smokers' rights should be protected. The second hand smoking is greatly influenced us, especially in public places like restaurants. It's unfair to force non smokers breathe the air polluted by cigarettes and suffer the pain brought by second hand smoking. In addition, the ban on smoking at all the restaurants helps reduce the number of smokers. In China, people show respects by offering cigarettes to others and it's undeniable that a large amount of people learn how to smoke at the restaurant. The ban will decrease the number of smokers undoubtedly. To conclude, no easy solution can be at hand to solve the problem of smoking, but the ban on smoking at the restaurant might be the first step towards change in the right direction.


Nowadays, more and more countries pass laws to ban people smoking in public areas. For example, France has forbidden people smoking in café a few years ago. The citizens who defy it will be punished and feed for a lot. This law received warm welcome by most French people. After that, some other countries followed this deed and passed some familiar laws to ban smoking. In my opinion, ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country is very necessary. Firstly, as everyone knows, smoking is bad for people's health. Smoke can do great harm to people's lungs and breath organs, and what's more, it can raise the rate of getting lung cancer. The smoker also does harm to his or her family members while smoking. So it's wise for people to abstain smoking in order to protect their health. Secondly, when people smoke in public areas, all people around him or her have to breathe the second hand smoke, which is more harmful to their health than to the smoker himself by research. It's also very unrespectable to other people in public areas, especially in a restaurant where all people have meal. Imagine the situation that you have to smell the choke gas while eating, it's really disgusting, and you may feel that you are offended. So I think it's meaningful and necessary to make laws to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. This can not only produce harmony surroundings in restaurants but also protect people's health from being damaged.


Smoking has been a controversial issue for a long time since it not only does harm to people's health, but also cause pollution, crimes and other serious problems. At the mention of whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, there has never been an agreement among people. Some people firmly support the ban considering the disadvantages of smoking while others think that smoking can be allowed in the restaurants under some specific circumstances as long as the policy is purposely carried out. Personally speaking, I hold the view that smoking shouldn't be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, there are a great number of people dining out in restaurants everyday. Most of them have the habit of smoking or need to smoke while having business talk with their clients in the restaurants. If they are banned from smoking in these situations, their business will be affected and they will feel so unsatisfied that they may no longer eat in some restaurants which can lead to a lot of bankruptcy and unemployment. Secondly, since people aren't allowed to smoke in the restaurants, they may find other public places to smoke. Even if bans are carried out at all the restaurants, they may still smoke in any public places such as parks, buses, stores and so on. This vicious circle will do an even greater harm to our environment. Last but not least, a complete ban from smoking at all the restaurants is financially unrealistic. The revenue of selling cigarettes greatly contributes to a country's economy every year. In summary, smoking shouldn't be banned at all the restaurants in the country for several social and financial reasons. But that doesn't mean the complete permission is feasible. I think we should establish some specific areas at the restaurants for people to smoke. That will not only relieve the problem of pollution to some extent, but also promote the economic growth of our country.


 In my opinion, I don't agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think it just should not be banned in all parts of the restaurants but the public areas. Actually smoking does harm to one's health especially the second hand smoke affects most people around. However, at the same time, it also an effective way for one to relax his brain and spirits. As to my memory, restaurant is not just the place for people to have meals, sometimes it also can be a good place for us to chat with our family members and good friends as well as relax ourselves. During these activities, smoking properly can effectively relax one's brain as a result of nicotine. So why should it be banned at all the restaurants? As a saying goes: What exist is reasonable. Now that cigarette exists, it has its own use. Despite smoking heavily, smoking properly is acceptable, as long as it won't affect the people around. And if it is banned at all the restaurants in the country, I believe that there must be lots of people object to this. Why do things that will make so many people uncomfortable? Like drinking, smoking also need to be forgiven in the restaurants. So just forgive smoking a bit, don't ban it at all the restaurants in the country. That's all.


So familiar are we with the negative word smoking that people throughout the world expect to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants. As we know that tobacco is a very special kind of air pollution. Cigarette smoke highly toxic pollutants in the oil, and variety. It is estimated that smoke in the oil contains at least 750 species of chemical composition. The main components are nicotine, tar, and carbon dioxide, etc., but nicotine is so highly poisonous a substance that only the nicotine in 20 cigarettes can be deadly. It is widely accepted that smoking in public places, especially in restaurants can never be appropriate at all. Since smoking is a self battering process, how can smokers go so far as to drag away witnessing others' lung diseases in the future? Those who sit by smokers may complain in private but hardly interrupt them out of manners. It seems that a comprehensive law concerning this problem should be put forward as soon as possible. In some districts in this country, some restaurants have already set up a nonsmoking zone. Nevertheless, far more efforts are to be made. Apart from the law, it is also necessary to improve citizens' awareness of the harmful effect smoking in public may bring to us. In a word, banning smoking completely in restaurants or other public places is the tendency in a highly developed country.


 Nowadays, with the rise of the emphasis put on people's health, more and more people choose to stop smoking. But there are still a large number of smokers. Then there comes to a question about whether it should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. As to this choice, people who smoke must have a different opinion with those who hate smoking. From my point of view, I can't approve the proposal of banning smoking completely at all restaurants all over the country. Absolutely, it's not easy for us to understand what this proposal aims at. And we also understand this way to solve the question. But in fact, this way is not fair to those who have become heavy smokers. Though I have no experience of smoking, I know it's really hard to give up smoking once we are addicted to it. So once this proposal is carried out, it will bring sizable inconvenience to many families. On the other hand, we have to admit smoking does harm to people's health seriously. In terms of many researches, smoking has been the cause for many serious diseases, such as lung cancer. Maybe some smokers don't care the bad aftereffect it imposes to your body, but you should have cared others. When one smoke, the smoke from his cigarettes will make people living or working with him suffer from it just as themselves were smoking. So the smokers can't be allowed to smoke at their pleasure in the public, especially restaurants where many people gather. So it's not proper to carry out this proposal thoroughly, while it's also improper to allow smoking to a degree. I think the most wise measure business operators should take is to set up special parts for smokes isolated from other customers. I believe this may be a way which has the least harm to either.


First of all, smoking is harmful. It does harm to not only the man who is smoking, but also those people around. They take in the poisonous smoke either. This smoke may raise the rate of lung cancer. Every year, thousands of people around the world have passed away because of lung cancer. The real killer is just smoking. Second, smoking in public sets a bad example for young people. They may think smoking is cool. What's more, smoking in public brings some environmental problems, such as the poisonous smoke in air, and the rest of cigarettes around the ground. This is bad for environmental protection. Also, in many places, there are special rooms for smokers. They can smoke in an isolated place rather than smoke in public, if they couldn't control themselves. With these rooms, we can avoid second handed smoke, and have better health. Overall, smoking is harmful with no benefits. It does harm to smokers and some persons around them. Smoking is just a waste of health and money. Taking everyone's health into consideration, smoking should be forbidden in public places. Also, maybe we can advise the smokers we know to abandon smoking.


I disagreed that smoking in the restaurant. Restaurant is a place for everyone eating rather than smoking. According to the recent research, people die from lung cancer is the top one of leading cause of death and smoking is major reason. Smoking is not just harm yourself but also harm other. Secondhand smoke is a disease which mean a person who breathe in tobacco from someone who are smoking. Although there are many bad affect about smoking, smokers still can't get rid of smoking. Just like a drags that cause them couldn't reject it. So we can't forbidden them smoking but we must protect our basic safety. Banning smoking in the restaurants is good for everyone. For us, we don't have to worried about breathe in tobacco. For smokers, this movement will give a notification in a mild tone. Let them know they are not welcome when they are smoking. In the restaurant, you can contact with you family, classmates or colleagues, you can have a good time enjoy the meal with a soft music, getting rid of the day's fatigue. If someone smoking, it will definitely destroy this wonderful atmosphere. So it has a necessary to be completely banned at all the restaurants.


 Since my dad is a faithful fan of cigarette, I have long been the victim of second hand smokes and no one knows better than me the feeling of having someone smoking beside you. To save the mass from this terrible suffering, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Being crowded barely ventilated and full of odor of all sorts, it tortures us to breath at the ordinary restaurants. As is always the case, smoking always turns out to be the culprit. We need to say more about the harm to health of second hand smokes. It's a must to ban smoking at all the restaurants. Without the consideration of health, smoking also ruins the heartwarming feeling of having lunch with someone you love or eat alone quietly. Without the pressure of competition and with the pleasure of enjoying good foods, restaurants mean a pure land of many people. But smoking drives all this away. All we want to do is filling the stomach and hush away or drive the creep away. There is really a long list of disadvantage of smoking in restaurants. So we really think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


 I don't think smoking should be banned completely banned at all in restaurants in the country. On the one hand, we have to admit that cigarettes are harmful for both the smokers and second hand smokers. But on the other hand, I think that smoking can be not completely banned in restaurants if some measures are taken. First of all, smoking turns to be most smokers' habit which is impossible to be quitted. For them, smoking is a form of killing time or way of venting their happiness or anger. On some occasions, business talk in restaurants for example, inviting others to smoke can be treated as a manner which will create a harmonious atmosphere. So we don't have to ban the smoking completely, to some degree, smoking can be partly banned in restaurants. Restaurants can design smoking zones for smokers. People must smoke in special zone so that non smokers won't take in cigarette gas. Some restaurants can charge people more money if they smoke, which will let smokers try not to smoke in restaurants. These measures are humanistic rather than a serious decree, so it's both convenient for smokers and non smokers. Personally, though smoking is bad for people's health, we can't forbid it at once because it has come to be someone's life habit. We should respect smokers' habit and also others' health at the same time.


As we know, smoking is bad for our health. But why do so many people smoke ? I don't smoke, of course. But someone who smoke a lot told me that he smoke because sometimes when he felt unhappy, he would smoke to release his feelings. I looked up some things about tobacco in the Internet, It started from America. But some researches show that in 650 D. C. People in Maya started to use tobacco. So it seems that smoking has a long, long history. And also as we know, a lot of great people are kind of addicted to smoking, such as Chairman Mao, Churchill and so on. Why are they so interested in smoking ?Of course they know it is bad for health. I think the main reason is that it can make them happy and feel less depressed when something bad happened. And it can make them think of problems better than without tobacco. So as I said, even though many people has proved that smoking is bad for our heath, I don't think it will disappear. As long as will have troubles, we will need tobacco. That's what I think.


There is a general debate nowadays about the positive and negative influence of smoking in public place. Of course, people's perspectives diverge considerably. As for me, I am inclined to the view that one shouldn't smoke in the public. Among countless factors which contribute to my position are the following conspicuous ones. First of all, smoking by itself can pose a probably and potential threat on one's health and smoking in public place not only be bad for smoker's health, but also adversely affect other people's health. According to a survey published on SCIENCE, the second smokers, breathing the smoke indirectly, suffer the higher risks than the smokers Furthermore, smoking in the public will definitely undermine the interpersonal ship, and it can probably lead to other's resentment. Secondly, smoking in the public will increase the risk of fire hazard. Most of the smoker invariably ignore to extinguish the cigar, throwing the alight stub without caution. When the stub contacts some inflammable substance, it can probably lead to a fire hazard. This can be aptly exemplified and illustrated by the case of a fire accident in CHANGSHANG PARK. A man who forgot to put out his cigar thrown it casually, but it was out of his imagination that this behavior brought about a big fire in this park, and as a consequence, various trees disappeared in this accident and the loss can not be estimated. All in all, the disadvantage of smoking in the public overshadowed the advantage of it. so I reinforce my standpoint that smoking in the public shouldn't be allowed.


 When it comes to banning smoking at all the restaurants, the opinions vary from person to person. Some argue that it is a good way to improve air quality in the restaurants while some consider it is bad to set the limit to smokers' rights of freedom. However, I adhere to the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. There are a couple of reasons for it. For one thing, the effects of second hand smoking is also terribly harmful to healthy. When smokers begin smoking, poisonous gases from cigarettes are inevitably left and stay in the restaurants though the air conditioners are on. People have to passively take in the gases when they breathe. When people stay in this environment for long time, their health will decline because the substances in the gases is prone to cause many diseases. So the effects of second hand smoking is the same as directly smoking. For another thing, smoking in the restaurants, to some extent, affects the volume of customers and worsen the business. People tend to choose a neat and clean place to enjoy their meals in order to relieve from hectic work. For this reason, people are likely to avoid choosing in the restaurants where smokers are polluting the indoor air. Hence, those restaurants may meet some difficulties. According to the reasons, I am of the opinion that it is better to completely forbid smoking at all the restaurants. Moreover, it will promote smokers to give up smoking and let smokers more clearly know the harm of smoking.


The problem of smoking is becoming more and more important these years. About this topic, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As it is known to all, smoking does harm to people's health. It destroys a person's lung gradually. Pneumonia, 'the poor man's friend', is a serious disease which is brought to people mostly by cigarettes. At first a person begins to cough a little, than gradually he cough for completely an hour, and finally smoking sends him to death. Smoking is terrible. However, smoking in public areas like restaurants is even more terrible. When a man smokes in a restaurant, the other people can also smell the harmful smoke even if they are not smoking. This is 'passive smoking'. The person who smokes in restaurants does harm not only to his own health, but also to others, which is immoral. We shouldn't do such kind of things. For all these reasons, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The next time you see someone smoking in public areas, especially restaurants, try to stop him. Let's make our world a better place together by not smoking.


Now a considerable number of people(including some teenages)smoke, and many smoke heavily although they admit smoking do harm to their health. And it's bad not only for themselves, but everyone around them    According to a research, only 20% of harmful substance is taken up by smokers, and the other 80% is absorbed by individuals around them, thus an interesting noun is created: second hand smoking, meaning that people absorb smokes although they don't actually smoke. It is unfair indeed, and more than that, when you smell someone smoke in a restaurant, the unpleasant feeling may reduce your eppetite heavily    the restaurant manage won't be happy, too. Because they sell less food!Also, it's bad for smokers:they get more chances to smoke, and the more they smoke, the worse their health will be, and the greater desire they will have, making it more difficult to quit smoking. Some restaurants set a smoking area which is used by smokers only, but the problem is that smoke isn't solid standing stablely at one place, thus the situation won't change radically. So it's high time to ban smoking, especially in restaurants. Scientists tell us it's possible to quit smoking, all the smokers need is a strong mind and supervision. If all restaurants banned smoking with a firm hand, the number of smokers would be sharply reduced, and benefits would be amazing:an ocean of money would be saved, and the saved money could be invested to more meaningful areas such as education and health care;people would be heathier, and public health system would have lighter burden;air condition would change better as well as rubbish would be less; there would be less robbers and our society would be more harmonious.... This ban will especially do good to teenages. Raised in a enviroment fewer people smoke, teenages will have less opportunity to smoke, and smoking won't be a trend among them, and as a result, teenages will face a healthier future.


It is of great significance that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. When I was young, I was taught with a picture that lungs were covered with soot. The statement that smoking is harmful to our physical health has been deeply rooted in my mind since then. There are many poisonous elements such as nicotine in a cigarette, and when it burns, it may produce carbon monoxide. Now, when more and more people of my age start to smoke and persuade me to smoke, I just smile and refuse. However, there are also some advantages of smoking regardless of the side effects. Smoking can help one to calm down when facing difficult situations. A famous example is the detective Sherlock Holmes, he always hold a pipe in his mouth while thinking about the case. In public places such as restaurant, however, despite the advantages, smoking should be banned furthermore. To some people, they do not like smoking, and they will absorb poisonous smoke passively and unwillingly if someone smokes at restaurant. To pregnant women, smoke is even more harmful. Since not all smoke, I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


It's known to us all that smoking can be harmful to our health. However, people never stop doing it. What's more, they even smoke in some public situations. Smoking is banned in libraries, classrooms and so on. Then, how about at the restaurants, should we ban it too? Some people believe it is a different problem from what happens in libraries. The restaurant is a place that people can be relaxed. For some people only smoke can they feel better. On the other hand, cigarettes as well as wine have already become a culture of eating. Due to contribute to the economy, more people wish it can exist. But I can't agree with them. When they smoking for relaxing, do they care about others' feelings. Smoking can destroy environment, people who don't smoke can be struggle in this situation. It will be worse if there are some children. And the culture of eating can't be an excuse that we connive at it. With the human developed, we have given up many bad cultures and customs. So, why should it be different for smoking? Then we turn to talk about economy, we have already banned gamble which can have a larger influence. So it can't be a reason either. In a word, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Maybe we should choose some acceptable way to help smokers face these challenges.


 The smoking in public places, especially in restaurants, is an annoying problem. It is troublesome when you are enjoying your meal and, being a second hand smoker because of a smoker sitting by. However, is it sensible to ban smoking completely in all restaurants? No. Think about the population of smokers! To prevent them from the dinner table means to cut down the profit of restaurants by half—a quarter, at least—many smokers are wealthy. Since it still remains a problem for these people to quit smoking, and we don't have the right to raid their freedom to eat in a restaurant while many of them cannot live without a cigarette for even one minute, we shouldn't ban smoking completely in all restaurants. Even though we do not ban completely, we have rules and should make it a law that every restaurant should have a corner for those who smoke, and these areas should be where the smoke can be guided directly to outside. In other places of the restaurant, people should not smoke at all. And if anyone does so, he should be strictly punished. If the idea is put into reality, the smokers just go back to their corners, and all the people can enjoy themselves and not be disturbed by the smoke.


 If there is a survey about The worst inventions in the world, I guess cigarette can be in the Top ten. We all know the harm of smoking, but there are still a great number of people keep a strong will to smoke. Some of them smoke in public places, which means, they are not only do the harm to themselves, but also others around them. As many countries have published the law to forbid smoking in public places, I think it reflects the most people's will. A person who's smoking besides can be really annoying, and uncomfortable. For those who are sick or have some disease, smoke of cigarette can be very harmful. Smoking is also a risk of making a fire, it makes it very hard to prevent the causes of fire. Also, smoking causes a lot of rubbish. I have smoked the second hand cigarette from my father for twenty years, so I'm sincerely agree with that smoking should be forbidden in public places. When a person who is addicted to smoke wants to smoke, nothing can stop him. He won't care how others dislike him, what effects he may make, or whether smoking there is forbidden or not. He can smoke in elevators, restaurants, schools or any place. So I think without a law which forbid smoking in public places, such activities can't be stopped. In a word, smoking in public places should be forbidden. And I think there should be a law to make sure the ban can work. This can be better for everyone, and leave us a good surroundings.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As is known to all, smoking does great harm to one's health. In Old days smoking in restaurants is a serious problem in China. But after many cities ban smoking in restaurants, I think the situation is much better than before. Some restaurants completely ban smoking and much more ones have set up both smoking and nonsmoking areas for customers. But still some customers don't care about it at all. They just believe that, as a customer, they are entitled to do anything they want, including smoking. So I list three reasons for totally smoking ban in restaurants. First of all, as I have told before, smoking is harmful to one's health. Secondly, no one deserves second hand smoke, which is even more harmful to non smokers. We should stop smokers smoking anyway and to some extent, a tough attitude will force the smokers to change their bad habits. Last but not least, since our motherland, China, has successfully held the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2010 World Expo, everyone of us should do our best to give the world a good sense of China, just do it from completely banning smoking at all the restaurants. So we can enjoy delicious food and ourselves.


