Now many parents and teachers disagree that college students have their own part time jobs. Because they are believe that students will spend their study time on working. But I do not think so, I think a part time job is one of the most important things in college life. It will be the precious experience in your whole life. Firstly. Part time job is a good way to fill your spare time after class. Many students spend time on shopping, singing or playing computer games which are pointless. Why do not we take a part time job to instead of those entertainment ? We can even earn some money from the job by ourselves at least. Secondly. Part time job can adds your career experience, which is a very useful part in your future life after you graduate. You will learn much knowledge that can not be found in school lessons. Social experience is the biggest chip for graduated students when they interview jobs, it's easier to find jobs for those who have accumulated experiences in part time jobs. Thirdly. As a matter of fact, a lot of college students from poor families, so taking a part time job for them is one of the way to afford their college fees. Although the money may be not enough, but that is all they have earned by themselves. From what I have said, it is important to college students to have a part time job. Study also must be pay attention too, so we should balance the part time job and study well, after all, the first job of students is study.

In my opinion, I am strongly agree with the idea that, it is important for our college students to have a part time job. Now we can see everywhere that student take part –jobs like private teacher, seller and so on. So why they do these jobs? What advantages benefit us? I think the main reason is money. With the improvement of our living standards, a lot of study material are expensive than before. Then the student has to do some jobs to reduce considerable financial pressure. By doing so, we can also have the ability to travel or buy some items we like. We also hope that through this way, we can no longer dependent on our parents. In addition, we can also accumulate some social experience. From kindergarten to high school, what we learned is totally the knowledge from books. In this way, it does a lot benefits to our future jobs. In a word, there are many advantages for our college students to do some jobs. Not only make money, but also develop our independence. So if you a lot of free time after class, try to look for a part time job and you will not regret about it.

As we all know, some college students have part time jobs to support their life in college, and other students spend their parents' money to live their life. Many times it's hard for us to say who is right or who is wrong. But in social opinion, also in my opinion, it is important for college students to have part time jobs. Firstly, having part time jobs to support college students' life in college can reduce their parents' financial burden. Our parents are no longer giving money to us or give less money to us. It can save the whole family's expenses. Secondly, having part time jobs can develop our ability. If we have a part time job, we will know the society or interpersonal relationship better, and we may make friends with more people. It's useful for our future work. In other words we can prepare for our future. In a word, working opens our eyes. Finally, using the money that earned by ourselves, will make us feel great. We all know that food made by ourselves tastes more delicious, the house built by ourselves live more comfortable. As the same way, the money earned by ourselves spends more fulfilling. No matter you live in a poor family or rich family or well off family, having part time jobs can help you in many ways. So it is important for college students to have part time jobs.

There are no complete agreements among the students about the view about whether we should take part time job. Many students hold the opinion that we should have part time jobs. However, also there are a lot of them having a different view. The people who hold the first view think it is helpful and wise to take part time jobs. Firstly, they think they can develop their experience and capacities during working. It is obvious that this can make preparations for the job in the future. Second, they can get money on their own, cultivating their independence and skill. Finally, they can contract a lot of people and learn from them what cannot be taught in the school. But the people who take the second view don't think so, they think it's not suit for students to do part time jobs. Students' primary task is to study, without being worsted in the knowledge which they should gain in the school; they may lose the opportunity of finding a better job after graduation. So it is not right for them to spend their energy and time on part time job. Weighing the two kinds of views, I think it is beneficial for us to try part time jobs but not putting all the time and energy on it.

Nowadays, more and more college students think it is of great value and necessity to get a part time job. For me, I am also one of them. I fully agree with that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The reasons are as follows. Firstly, gaining a part time job is not only for the purpose of earning much money. What values more is the experience you get to promote your capacity such as communication, independence, your solution to an issue, and so on. That is to say, you can do things on your own if you gain some experience from part time job. Secondly, it is a good opportunity to be involved in the society, forming a foundation for your future work. We are students but we are adults now. Therefore, the campus is not the only place we should stay. Outside school, you will see more interesting things. However, what I want to say is that a job will certainly take much of your spare time that your may feel stressed. So you should learn to schedule your time before working. In that way, I believe you can balance your time and lead a colorful college life.

I agree with the point that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are reasons that part time job is important. First, it can improve our abilities which cannot be educated in class, like communicating with each other. Second, every company that you want to apply to consider the real job experiences a very important thing. So when interviewing, you will gain advantages over other people by owning a part time job. And the part time job is really a preparation for one's future professional job. But as a college student, the study of textbook seems very important, and we have all kinds of tests. Doing part time job may have a negative affection on the score of tests, and may cause very serious things. And if your score are poor, you may even not have the right to graduate from school. And doing part time job my make you see the negative side of our society, eventually causing negative effect on your mind. So, I think it is very important to balance the part time job with our university life. Getting a high score while doing part time job is one thing that not everyone can make. So we should give up part time job ant certain time.

Today, more and more college students tend to have a part time job. Is it good or bad? As far as I am concerned, it depends on the time you spend in doing it. If you spend proper time on it, you can benefit a lot form it. Firstly, doing a part time job can enrich the students' social experiences. He will meet all kinds of people in his job and during this period, he learns how to deal with them. This can improve his ability in communicating with others. What's more, it's not until a student makes money by himself will that he knows that making a live is not an easy thing. And in this case, he will be more understanding towards his parents and learn to arrange his money properly. However, it also has disadvantages if you spend too much time on it. For our studying time can't be guaranteed. For us students, studying is our major duty and once you have a part time job, the problems in your job will make you cannot be absorbed in your major study fully. So, just as each coin has two sides, doing a part time job has both advantages and disadvantages. It's all up to you whether you can really learn something from it.

What are college students doing at school? Study. Yes! But many would say that they are doing part time jobs at the same time. Of course, it is of great importance! Apparently, most of us students are adults now. As an adult, it will be shameful for us to ask our parents for money. To be independent in economy is the perfect way to claim that we are independent individuals now! And we are never kids under the protection of our parents' arms! Secondly, and also the most important. Having a part time job make you involved in the society. What people outside of school look like ?How they behaved? How hard is it for us to make money to support ourselves ?After went through all the difficulties we met, we will get a lot of experiences. When we graduated and also the next time we step into the society, we have the confidence to believe that we are already well prepared and we can do it. So, we will learn that money is not easy to earn and our parents are great. We ought to respect them and appreciate what they have done for us. I'm sure we will be more mature and more considerate to others. Doing part time jobs is a way to see what life really means. Get ready to have a part time job and try your best to prevent it making a bad effect on your study, and then you will get something surprised you!

It is a hot topic for college students to argue whether it is important to have a part time job. Different people have different view. Some students advocate the idea. For one reason as result, college students should responsible for ourselves, and part time job can provide us the opportunity to make money, so that we can not to ask parents for our allowances. And it can also relief the pressure of parents. For another, through part time job we can gain a lot of experience. Besides, it will good for us to prepare our future job. As the competition is fiercer in the social life, the more experience you have, the more chance you will have. However, the others are against the idea, they hold that as a student, we should focus our attention on study. It will spend much of our time and energy to do the part time job. Because as part time worker, our life and property security is not well protected by the law. For my own perspective, as we enter the university we have more free time, it is important for you to choose how to use of them. We should make the most of time and be the master of it. From my own experience, I am working in the restaurant in my free time, and I feel happy to have the job.

I totally approve of this point. Being current college students, we should take an active part in the part time job, if we accomplish our study task first. With the constant development of economy and society, everyone including students are faced with great challenges. Many students who graduate from university cannot find a satisfying job. They also suffer great pressure. Doing a part time job can benefit students who will come into the society to some extent. First of all, students can improve their other abilities through the experience. Moreover, they can realize the society in depth. Besides, students are informed of the fact that the society isn't favorable to everyone. Those who long for a great success and a bright career must exert themselves to study hard. In this sense, students are alerted through the part time job. Take me for example; I once acted as a waitress in a small hotel. During the period, I had to serve customers and take their orders. I served dishes and rice for them. And I was rather tired within these days. Though the pays was low, I was excited. I learned that everyone should spare no efforts to do something if they hunger for a better life in the society. I will enforce myself to study hard. All in all, there is point for college students to do a part time job during the time in university.

About whether college students should have a part time job or not, so many people so many ideas. But I think that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. And as far as I know, there are a great many of people also think so. That is why?For college students, they have much free time, and many students do not know how allot it. If they use it do meaningful things that are great. But if not, how pity! However, if they have a part time job, they use the time wisely. Besides, they can also learn much experience that is very useful. For example, if you are a manager of a company, there are two graduates looking for job. The former have abundant experience while the latter have little. Which would you like to choice? There is no doubt that you will choice the former. Another reason is probably that college students should take more care about their parents and try their best to reduce their parents' pressure. After all, they have been adults and they are able to make a live themselves. For one thing, they can learn many things from having a part time job. For another, they can help their parents. Therefore, I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job.

Whether to have a part time job or not has been a hot topic. In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job. Having a part time job has many advantages. In the first place, you can practice your ability of communication. When you work, you will meet all kinds of people. You will talk with them in different ways, thus in the future you will communicate with others very fluently and make a lot of friends. In addition, having a part time job can also earn some extra allowance to do what you want. For example, you can buy some clothes or you can go outing with friends. You will feel comfortable when you spend money that you have made. It can also help reduce parents' expense and share pressure. What's more, having a part time job can accumulate your experience. When you do a part time job, you are in the society and you can learn much knowledge and expand your vision. To do a part time job lay foundation of your future. When you look for jobs after graduate, those experiences will be useful. It will be a big wealth. As stated above, it is important for college students to have a part time job. Have a try. I believe you will benefit much.

Many college students now are considering taking a part time job, especially for the freshmen, who have amount of time and energy. In my opinion, taking a part time job broadens our horizon and brings us a lot of fundamental skills in life. So I agree with the opinion that taking a part time part is important for college students. I have the following reasons and arguments to support my view. On the one hand, Chinese students are always considered as hard working examples but it seems that we lack the power to practice. Taking a part time job, during which we can learn how to communicate, work and live with people in society, is beyond peradventure good for our growing. College life must be more than just study and we should focus more on personal development. On the contrast, a student who spends all his time just reading books and finishing homework, no matter how academic his, may not be admitted by companies. Those students are not as mature as these who have experience in jobs after graduation. So why not take a part time job? We all should take the chance of the days without too much homework and take a part time job to develop ourselves.

Nowadays, more and more college students choose to get a part time job. Some students take a part time job to enrich their college life. Some other students have a part time job just because they want to get some money. Is it important for college students to have a part time job?Personally, I think taking a part time job is a good way to enrich our college life. We can learn a lot by doing this. And the working experience in turn will have great influence on us. Besides, we can also become independent by taking a part time job because we can earn money from doing part time job. At the same time, we can reduce some family burden from our parents. But on the other hand, taking a part time job may have bad effects on our study. Some students spend too much time doing part time job and they don't have enough time for their study. So it is not very good for them. After all, study is the most important thing for us students. Having a part time job has its advantages and disadvantages. And in my opinion, we can take a part time job if it has little influence on our studying. So if you can keep the balance between your part time job and your study, try to find a part time job now.

As college students, we leave our hometown and go to new places to study. Also, we try our best to live on our own feet. In this case, many students apply for part time jobs to support themselves. So does the time spent on part time jobs really deserve?On one hand, the advantages stand out. Through part time job, students can get some money for school and daily life. And to students in need of money, it is just necessary. Then students can get good experience both academically and socially. With more contact to the society, students learn more about out school life. What's more, part time job helps students develop good working habits and communicating skills that are really useful for future work. On the other hand, there are also some disadvantages; first, inexperienced job hunting may bring students artificial information and waste money and confidence. Then the second disadvantage is that many students spend too much time working so that they leave behind others in studies. To conclude, every coin has its two sides. So is the part time job. If we deal with it carefully, we care sure to make the most of it. My personal idea is to take suitable part time job when you really need or want to gain experience. But everybody has his own situation, so just do not follow others blindly.

Having entered college, we are all faced with a fact that there is much more spare time than before, which gives us a chance to get part time job. Adults as we are, it's highly recommended that we take a part time job. A part time job gives us a preview about the outside society before we totally step in. More and more graduates complaining about the uselessness of the college course, we can see the importance of combining what we are learning and what we are going to do in certain company. What's more, a preview about the society may help us handle the relationships with others as well. Experiences from part time job enrich our college life. Instead of playing online games all day long. Getting out is a much better way to make our college life full and interesting. When working, you will meet people with various personalities, some of which may become your lifelong friends. Last but not least, we can make money. Not only can it release the financial pressure of your family, but also you will feel the great joy of achievements in independence. To sum up, part time job are both essential for our career plan and helpful to our college life. Why not get one.

I agree with those who think it is important for college students to have a part time job. The first reason is that it is a preparation for our future jobs. If we have tried part time jobs, we may be confronted with hardships, and then learn to deal with tough situations by ourselves. When we step into society, the way will be smoother because we are already experienced. The second explanation for my opinion is that owing a part time job during college time can make us recognize the value of money. Our parents work very hard to ensure us a comfortable learning environment. They try every means to save money. By working, we can relieve their burden as well as enjoying the joy it brings to have the opportunity to earn money for ourselves. After all, we can make many new friends outside our campus. They have identities, various interests, and sometimes outstanding talents. By being with them, we can learn many things that cannot be acquired on campus. If we develop a constant friendship with them they may be of great importance when it comes to us to be the leader. There are many other reasons for us college students to have a part time job. All in all, you have made an informed choice if you are determined to take a part time job.

I think it is quite important for college students these days to take a part time job when they have free time. Taking a part time job is meaningful and important; also it is a thing one should take serious. Needless to say, a part time job can share our bills, improving our life, which means a lot to those in needs. To some extent, a decent job broadens our horizons; add to our understanding and experience of the society. What is more, it even helps to build up our confidence and interests. Moreover, a job enables you to make acquaintance of all kinds of people who will prove a great treasure to us later. On the other hand, as a student, study comes first. Failing to balance jobs and study, you will get nowhere. Anyway, I find it desirable to take part time job at a proper stage. For example, as a freshman, a part time job is an excellent choice to enrich your life. After that, you will get busier and busier. Obviously, it will be unwise of you to do it then. In a word, a part time job is a wonderful thin itself and even more wonderful if we acquire the competence to balance it and our study.

After entering the Wuhan University, I find quite a few students take part time at weekends. Their occupations range from giving out papers to private tutors. Is it really important for a college student to have a part time job? I think it depends on different persons' different situations. One of my roommates always tried to get a part time job. She believes that herself is an adult and has the responsibility to support her life. Actually, many students are eager to become independent and to prove his or her ability. As far as I am concerned, I take a balanced view towards this phenomenon. On the one hand, if one student can balance the work and study well, he can choose to have a part time job which is within his ability. Besides, the tuition burdens of his parents can be shared. Nevertheless, when a part time job will occupy the importance of study, this job is unnecessary and the student shouldn't afford the risk of taking it. After all, as a student, he or she needs to put the study at the first place. In short, we all need to keep calm at this crossroads. Think twice before we take actions is essential. If you think you can have the balance between part time job and your study, you can have a try.

 There is an ongoing debate concerning around the issue as whether it is important for college students to have a part time post. As a newcomer in college, I think that working out during vocation is an admirable experience for us, for the following two reasons. First of foremost, students in university have a great amount of spare time, some students will drop themselves into internet bar to spend their time after study. Of course, it is insignificant to waste our valuable time in this way. So, though work, we can be prevented from addicting to computer games and we won't feel boring in spare time. Secondly, for the young generation like us, doing part time job means we can get working experience and reward. We can slowly become financial independent and ask less money from parents. We should know that time in university is so short; every one of us will finally get in society. It is obviously that we are laying foundation for our future through working part timely. Nevertheless, part time isn't always perfect. We must admit that as a young adult, we are easy to be cheated. So it is commonly reported by newspaper that university students were cheated when working out. There is still some risk exists. So, we should learn to protect ourselves when working out of school. It is also a skill we can't learn in our textbooks. On balance, I tend to believe it is significant for college student to do part time job.

China is becoming a country which has many college students and the school fee is rising sharply. So nowadays, more and more college students are taking part time jobs. On this phenomenon, I just have my own opinion. Though to have after school work has brought a lot of problems. For example, part time jobs often distract students' attention from their studies, so some students have shown a decline in their studies, and some even play truant. As for me, I think the main task of students is to study hard and learn what is needed for the development of our society. But On the other hand, it helps to build independence in young people and make them more mature, and students who have part time jobs can relieve the economic burdens of their parents. Most college students have been spoiled by their parents, and even their grandparents. So some of them can do nothing and can't sustain the pressures and stress. To have a part time job can help those students to adapt to society more easily, learning how to communicate with others and how to protect themselves. Some students who have part time jobs may relieve their parents' economic burdens. The most important is that, to have a part time job can gain skill points. A graduate who only have high scores but no experience is not a real talent so that I just agree the topic about whether it's important for college students to have a part time job.

As we know, part time job which is a job for students in weekend and a hot topic in college students. Is it important for college students to have a part time job?In my opinion, part time job benefit the college student at all, bring them experience, friendship and sprit. Part time job give them experience. Join a big company, you need several skill, one of the most valuable skill is experience. Part time job can give you experience, just like a preparation before class. For example, if you have a part time job in market, learning make account book and checking sales is your required course. Moreover, it can give you some life experience, such as shopping, living and so on. Part time job give you friendship. Having a part job, you will gain friendship. Maybe she or he will be you most important in you life. In addition, if you make friend with your boss, it will be a good chance to study and develop in future. There is lots of version you can choice. Part time job give you sprit. Due to the time, we lived in a peace world. Some valuable sprit has leaved us. Join a part time job will let our sprit strength. We all know that strong sprit is better than strong body. On the conclusion, part time job benefit college students so much.

We always read some news that talk about the modern college students' lives. According to this news, we find more and more college students prefer to have part time job. Personally, I disagree with the opinion that having a part time job is important. Nowadays the more colleges appear, the more college students appear. Firstly, we'll see more students who aren't rich enough to live in the city have appeared and have no choice but only to find a part time job to support their living or studying. Obviously, most of us have no need to do that. Secondly, maybe we do not have more money to buy some clothe or other things, but unnecessary to worry about we can't continue our studying or normal living. Thirdly, for us, the most important thing is studying. After we've finished our works, then can we choose whether to have a part time job or not in spare time? I agree with having an experience of part time job is better for us to fit the society, but disagree with having the job can instead of having a class. Students dream one day they will be a rich man, such as Bill Gates, without graduated degree can also earn money. Actually, only few of us can success. Most people still need to study and work hard to have a better life. We should realize our duties are studying not spend all the time on exercising living ability. In the words, I don't think college students have a part time job is important.

I'm agree with the upper statement. First of all, college students are already adults; they can be independent, and able to do things by themselves in their own way. And they have their own thoughts and ideas, so they don't need to depend on other people. Secondly, having a part time job can help college students to get many experiences. They can meet many different people when they are working. They also learn knowledge not from books. They will become more confident and mature if they do part time job. Thirdly, part time job can help college students to widen their views step by step. In the part time job, students cannot only learn a lot of things which can't in class, but also see a more colorful world. So they get real information about the society from doing part time job. Fourthly, because most part time job paid, this salary can be used as the tuition cost of living. In other words, having a part time job also can reduce the financial burden of parents. On the other hand, it also can improve college students' self awareness. Finally, college students have plenty of spare time, they should do something meaningful. In the end, I have to say, college students must arrange their own time reasonably if they decide to do part time job. Don't affect their normal study. That's all.

Sometimes many college students gain a great knowledge of theory, while they really lack of practice experience. So I strongly believe that our college students need to do a part time job indeed. Several reasons are as follows. Firstly, you will be stubborn about something in your life as you just insist in the theoretical knowledge if you learn all the things in books instead of combining theory and practice. Be careful about the situation whether you are just reading books but do nothing. Secondly, after a short time of 4 years study in college, you are required to find a job immediately. It's certainly for you to treasure the time and to make a full use of the time. To do a part time job is a good choice, as you make your knowledge grow continually; you also get the practical experience of how to survive in the complicated society. Finally, you can add some colorful experiences to your resume when you are interviewed by a company, so you have the advantage over others as you have the ability to finish the work efficiently. It is all due to the part time job. In my opinion, it's necessary for college students to have a part time job to gain the work experience.

As far as I am concerned, it is not important to take part time job for college students. And it is just a matter of necessary, but none of important business. Firstly, part time job doesn't make sure that you can learn something or it can appeal to your major. So we can't say it is important to take part time job. Secondly, we say it is just a matter of necessary but none of important business because part time job can just provide money and maybe a little experience. And if you need more money urgently, it is necessary but not important to take part time job. Thirdly, it goes without saying that our main task is learning as much as possible when we are college students. Except for the classes, sleeping, eating, clubs, and maybe having a girlfriend, we don't have much time for our individual learning. So we cannot spend that amount of time taking part time job. If we waste much time to do part time job, our study will have less time to study. That is really a disadvantage of having part time job. From the above, I personally think it is not important for us to take part time job. We can make more money if we learn more knowledge now. So we should spend more time studying now than doing part time job.

I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have the following reasons. It takes a long time for us to realize the importance of having a part time job for college students. In fact, having a part time job has a lot of advantages. First of all, finding a part time job is a good way to improve students' practical abilities. Take a friend of mine for example, he took a part time job as a food deliver during the summer vacation time. He told me that he had been more patient after he took that job and he thought that he has improved his skills in society. In addition, finding a part time job can make your life diverse. You will feel a sense of alive and you will find that life is more interesting. But today's students don't like part time job. They think it is a kind of waste of time. What's more, some of students say that they can't near the cruelty of society. In fact, disadvantages exist. But all in all, having a part time job is a kind of practice for college students. It can be training before we enter the real society and it can help us improving our skills.

 After graduate from high school, we are already 19 years old. It is time for us to lead our own life. So many students find a job to experience our lives. And it has become common. But is it important for college students to have a part time job? In my opinion, it is of significance. Although it is a truth that for a college student, his most important goal must be to learn well and to get a high score in examinations, but it is also important to experience our lives. As a student, if study is you everything you may lose a lot of fun in our colorful life. In addition, the reason why we learn theoretical knowledge is to apply them to practice. So apart time job is a chance for us to use the knowledge. To a student's life, part time work can broaden his social experience. He will have the precious opportunity to meet people from different areas and will face a variety of problems. Furthermore, work helps a student to develop greater independence, and earning his own pocket money can teach him how to handle his finances. Finally, a part time job can help a student to develop a greater sense of responsibility and team work spirit. In one word, I believe that most students would benefit from taking a part time job while they are at college.

Gone are the days when we had no choice but to remain in the classroom just to study theoretical knowledge. Having entered universities, we have more free time after having class. For a large number of us, it is a good choice to have a part time job. Having a part time job is so important for college students and here are some reasons. Firstly, being a university student, we have too much spare time over six hours a day. So what should we put this time into a meaning life? Of course, doing a part time job is a good choice. Not only we can spare the free time but also we can make many new friends doing the work. Though, there are some difficulties in the work such as time is limited, the working overruns the ability of a college student or even the work takes much time. You feel satisfied after overcoming these. Secondly, doing a part time job can get lots of experience and you become more plentiful. As we all know, big company care more employees working experience rather than education, so it is necessary to have a part time job in the college. Besides, having a part time job will earn extra pocket money for the college students. So the students don't have to ask money from their parents but get it by themselves. Only in this way, can they build the conscious of money and be more mature. In short, it is important for college students to have a part time job. Why not join in this meaningful activity?

I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Nowadays, unemployment increases sharply, more and more people can't find suitable jobs. Doing a part time job can help us find us a job in the future. So I think it is important for college students to have part time jobs. For many college students, there are much more time for them to spare. Having a part time is a good choice. College students can get experience and information about employment by having different jobs. For example, if you have a part time job as a waiter, you may meet different kinds of people, you can learn the best way of communicating with people surrounding you. Besides, you may find your part time job's advantages, disadvantages and future. It will help you find the most suitable job for yourself after graduating. A part time job is a very vital part in a college student's daily life. But it can't influence our study. All of us have to admit that study is the most important task for college students. Only can we launch a part time job in our spare time. That is to say we should pay attention to both study and part time job at the same time.

In summer holiday, several friends of mine chose to take a part time job. Imaging that you delivering some advertisement, standing in the store smiling to welcome people or serving people in a restaurant in the hot summer day. I prefer to take a part time job thought feeling tired and facing trouble. As a college student now, I have been able to burden duty in law. Though my family supports me to finish my studying in school, i still want to burden duty of paying partly for the school fees. To the majority of college students, the school fees are too high to pay. If you plan to set, aslo choose a suitable job for yourself. It's obvious that the competition in society is more intense than before. Even other position of a cleaner can attract thousands of graduates. Let alone other jobs with high salary. Higher the salary, higher the standard. What should you do before landing a good job according to a survey about job in Daily China, more than half of the sample prefer to take a part job, for two benefits, firstly, you an acquire a general knowing of particular job and the steps or the strategies to do well. Secondly, you can experience totally different daily life. It can also good your CV. In my opinion, taking a part time job can helps as adjust ourselves to the society and earn some extra money. All in all, don't judge from the salary or your favorite, choose the suitable job depending on your goal and strength.

There are many different views in whether college students should have apart time job because it has many advantages and disadvantages. I think it decides in our own attitude. So I can divide it into three points. The first point is that we can get more social experience and improve the working ability. As the matter of fact, a part time job like a hard training, it can teach you how to communicate with other people and make money, even though you can't get more money. A part time job can change your philosophy and it can let you know how difficult in make money. Furthermore, we can gain some money in our part time job. We can use this money to buy something or pay our daily fee. For instance, if you want to buy something, you don't want to tell your parents, hence you can use this money and you will feel the proud because of you make the money. Thirdly, I think we must find an appropriate part time job. Although a part time job can give us many benefits, but we should remember that we are the college students and the study is most important than other things. We should not take much time into part time job. As a whole, a part time job has many benefits with college students, but we must control the time so that we can focus on our study.

 The advertisements that advertised by students hunting for a part time job are everywhere. A large number of college students say that they want to get a part time job. But there are some people holding the point that it's not necessary for college students to have a part time job. The supporters believe that a part time job will benefit students for several aspects. First of all, students can get paid through their work which can reduce the financial burden of their family. In addition, having a part time job can make students more independent which may be helpful for them to get ready for the coming challenges. Last but not the least, taking a part time job will offer students some opportunities to acquire skills and experiences benefiting to their future works. The opponents criticize the supporters for their lack of long term consideration. They hold the point that students must spare no efforts to study other than concern about other distractions. Only by study hard will they be well trained so that they can start from a higher stage. As for me, taking a part time job can only be a choice to students has lots of time. If students can't manage their study, they'd better not take a part time job.

 Personally speaking, I think it's of great value for college student to have a part time job but I don't believe that it's necessary for them to work. On one hand, that college students have plenty of time is well known for us. So, firstly I suppose that they are ought to take advantage of their time and show their value in society while earn their own disposable money. Secondly, I'm in favor of the idea that a excellent college student must be able to balance their time in school and in society, therofore, I think take part time can show one's ability in time management and give students knowledge on all sides. Thirdly, as we all know, the experiences of taking part time jobs, especially in some big companies, can add color to college students' CV and help them to find a better job after graduation. On the other hand, I don't speak up for that every college students must go and find part time jobs. First, some of them just enjoy the life with the surrounding of books, teachers, etc. they don't mind being nerds. Moreover, in fact, students who study in majors such as pscology, history are not easy to find a job, thus, they are supposed to devote more to doing research or studying rather than hunting part time jobs. Also, good grade in a particular field is important too, which equals to the so called experiences. All in all, college students may gain a lot from these kinds of precious experiences of part time jobs, but we shouldn't attach to much importance to these.

As we all know, more and more college students have a part time job in their free time. The phenomenon causes intense debate among people. Some people think it not good. Some other people think it is important. I agree with the idea that it is good for college student to have part time jobs. I have some reasons to support my opinion. A part time job has a lot of advantages. Not only can you make money by doing part time job, but also improve your particular skill. It can lighten family burden. You can buy thing you like too. Also, you can get a lot of experience about work and communication that are very useful in the future if you find a job. Many students have a part time job get a lot of experience form it and they find a good job later. However, it also has negative effect on students. Although it can make money and improve abilities, it also takes your much time away so that the time you spent in studying would be less. From my perspective, having a part time job is a good way for students to improve themselves. But you should get a balance between study and a part time job.

Recently, more and more college students have a part time job when their time is vacant. I partly support that it is important for college students to have a part time job. In my opinion, college students become more independent and have more free time. Some college students spend a lot of time in online games. Instead of this, students could look for a part time job. It can make most use of their time and their lives could be more interesting. Finding a part time job can also let us know the difficulties from employment and adapt ourselves to society. And when we are working, we can learn some special skills and knowledge which we are not able to get access to in our college. We could develop our ability through the part time job. For example, we can become considerable and careful if we take a job as a waiter or waitress. Personally speaking, as college students, we should try to get into the society around us, because we become adults at the same time. So there is no doubt that taking a part job is a shortcut. We can gain some unforgettable experience form it. So if you have time, try to look for a part time job.

Many people regard that college students should do some part time job because college students should come into contact with society. But I oppose college student only do some part time job but not do their theoretical knowledge well. Many students don't want to do their college homework, so the part time job became the best excuse of tier lazy. But in other hands, college student have taken 12 years education in primary school and middle school and they have no chance to come into contact with society. so there are in inseparable connection between in social practice and heir college theoretical knowledge, we can't only do our social practice like part time job but to do our theoretical knowledge, just like a primary school student can't do part time job. In the opposite side, if we only do our theoretical knowledge, we can't develop our social ability. It will become a serious problem of that we can't find a suitable job. But it's obvious that college theoretical knowledge is more important than having a part time job. Generally speaking, in our college, we should do our college theoretical knowledge well firstly. After that, if we have more time and energy, we can do some part time job for earning some money, accumulating social experience and so on. But if have some problem in our college study like studying or students' union, we should do our schoolwork first.

Part time job is a kind of social practice activity, which pays back material and soul rewarding, for brain and body's work for special organization or person. Of course, on the foundation of reasonable time arrangement. I have three reasons to support. Firstly, having part time jobs, students can earn extra money, which can relieve their parents' economic burden to complete their studies better, and have an insight into society, which is good for social practice and their resume. Part time jobs make you get new friends, make your campus life colorful, part time jobs teach you how hard it is to earn money, so you will understand your parents and be more thrifty! Secondly, to have part time jobs is good for college students, social resource help foster students in wider and complexes space, to make contact with society frequently is good for graduate employment, good for students to start an enterprise, good for academic study industrialization. So, it's good for college student's development. Thirdly, to have part time jobs is good for society. Students can do work professional when employers need short time worker, and that's little cost. Students earn extra money through doing a part time job; government's burden is relieved effectively. Some years later, college schools will supply graduates with more work experience to society, society can shorten the time to make them know society. In conclusion, it is good for students to have part time jobs.

 Nowadays, plenty of college students would like to find a job on their free time. To have a part time job, for example, being a teacher who helps senior students with their weak lesson, is becoming more and more popular and even be smart. Before I have got into the university, I once thought that I should get some part time job on my weekends or holidays because it can strong my will and improve my ability, but things got changed now. I remembered when I was in senior 3, the burden of study was too heavy to hold. At that time, not only parents but also teachers told us if we try our best to be accepted by a ideal college, things will all be fine and the university is the heaven for us and we can do most of thing that we like.. But the fact is opposite, we don't have enough time to do a part time job, because my free time is made up of studying, variety of activity which we are forced to attend and learning to achieve different kinds of certifications because we need it when we find the formal job. To find a part time job, I think, time is the first element and we can do nothing without it. I suggest that some boring activities could be canceled and our student could be given more time to do something meaningful, but it need attempt and time.

Most people believe that it is the performance of those college students which is more vital than any other aspects. However, this opinion is now being questioned by more and more enterprises and experts, who complain that the graduates can barely do anything when they start to work. Those skeptics pay more and more attention on considering working experience of their interviewees. I agree to those skeptics' opinion that it's quite necessary for college students to have a part time job. As it is known to all, college in China has offer students a circumstance with rather strict rules and schedule. That means, we will get more part time and most of us will spent part time on playing, as a consequence, we will learn less and less, even not enough to feed ourselves after graduation. In addition, especially for those who want to have further study, those best commercial colleges in the world treasure working experience most. It is quite hard to get their offers, even ads, without enough working experience. For us, college students, who can hardly get regular jobs, part time jobs become our best choice for that taking part time jobs can we gain both working experiences and allowance. While the disadvantages can certainly not be ignored, taking a part time job sometimes would occupy our classes and rest time. It will inevitably influence our performance. But compared to the benefits it brings, these disadvantages can be ignored. And we also can fix it by self study and making a reasonable schedule. It would seem self evident that it is becoming more and more important for college students to take a part time job. Taking a part time job graduates can not only easily integrate into our society but also more competitive to beat others to get offers to further study.

 Nowadays there are more and more student are looking for a part time job when they at school. As for this phenomenon, a lot of opinions are put out by different people. Majority of people think it is good for the college student because they can make some money by themselves and decrease their parent's pressure. Other more, it is proud of them to own money to buy their own things. But other people think students now take over the couple's living expenses. Or put the money in to the Internet overnight; buy brand name clothes and blind comparisons. Additionally, some college student think they know the society clearly and they can do much things over their ability. As a matter of fact, it is not a real and smart thinking. From my point of view, it is important for college student to have a part time job. First of all, it can make student learn more real things about the true society. the job would make them feel a little successful and it can affect their positive attitude in their future life. Secondly, student can earn some money to buy the product they want to buy and release their parent's pressure. Thirdly, the part time job can give more working experience and skills to the student. In conclusion, it is significant for college students to have a part time job.

More and more students have a part time job nowadays. Their reasons are different. Most of them take the job as a way to earn their living expenses, while the rest of them just want to practice their abilities and to broad their horizon. On the one hand, I don't think that it is essential for college student to get a part time job. One year before I took my first part time job as a saleswoman, I found it really boring after I cooked noodle for 3 days. It really hit me so much; as a result, I think I will never eat instant noodles. As we are too young to take the professional task, we always play the unimportant roles. On the other hand, there is no doubt that the part time job can exercise one's character. During the working hours, there may be many challenges for you. When you feel failed, when you get tired, and so on, it's high time to challenge yourself and to prove yourself. As every coin has two sides, taking part time job is a good way to feel the reality and the society. You'd better try for one time. But you face with a tradeoff. We always say the words Opportunity Cost, which means when you choose something, at the same time you need to give up something. If you want more money and more experience, your studying time is being taken the place. It all depends to you. From my viewpoint, it is important for college students to have a part time job even for just one time. But it is not essential. You have to count the cost, and then to make a decision. And making the fullest of your part time, balancing the percent of job and study also make sense.

Nowadays, more and more college students are taking part time jobs. On this phenomenon, different people have different opinions. As far as I'm concerned, part time jobs benefit us so much and we can try our best to take a part time job well. Firstly, students who do a part time job can earn themselves money which helps to release the financial burden on their parents. Also, that makes students know how difficult does their parents earn money. Secondly, they will have colorful weekends or holidays. They will harvest much more fun from it. Thirdly, they will meet different kinds of people, which makes students more independent and more mature. It's necessary for the college students to learn more about the society so as to keep up with the outside world. Knowing more about the society surely will be good to their future. Of course, students should play the main role to study. Part time job is just a little part of their life. If a student spends too much time and energy on part time job, it would effect his study time. As a consequence, taking a part time job at your free time is a good choice and is important for college students.

As a college student, we have a lot of choices to fill our free time. Some students just study in the library, some join clubs which they are interested in. Also, there are a number of students who choose to get a part time job after class. According to some graduates' experience, having a part time job is really important. Firstly, we have a lot of free time in our college life, and we all know that we have no excuse to waste it. As a result of it, besides study and clubs, getting a part time may be a wise choice. Secondly, we can get some money from the part time job, although it is not much, it can help to afford our cost of living in the campus. Thirdly, a part time job is beneficial for us to improve our ability of communication and increase our working experience. It is universally known that they will be very useful when we graduate and need to find a stable job in the future. Finally, when we are working for the part time job, it gives us a very good chance to build friendship. We will earn some unforgettable memories from the job. Even though a part time job cannot give us a lot, it is still important for us to have it.

I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I think so. In my opinion, college students are apart from the society. However part time jobs make them understand the society. We all know in the society, competition more and more fierce. Many college students can't find jobs. So their pressures are very heavy. Therefore, many reasons press college students into finding a part time job. I think a part time job have an advantage to college students. In the first, college students are called unusually lucky person and live in the tower of ivory. Their lives are separated from the society. I think if they haven't a part time job, thus, they haven't society experience and don't adapt to the cruel society right away. Now, I'm a student study in Wuhan University. Though I'm a student at two grades, I'm a home teacher in Hanyang. My student is a girl in a high school. I like the student; she is very lovely and hard in study. I hope she will have a big progress in study. I need to make a lot of preparations to teach her well. So I learn a lot when I do this part time job. In my opinion, a part time job is very important to college students.

As more and more students taking part time job, there is concern today about the advantage and disadvantage of doing part time job. For our college students, part time job can partly offer our study as the tuition fees have greatly increased and our bank systems fail to loan student effectively. On the anther hand, part time job also get them know the hardship of earning money in order to change their bad habits. In order to be confronted with the challenge that more and more companies pay attention to work experience, they will feel easier when they attend job if they have part time job which will help them gain work experience and benefit their future job hunting. What's more, part time job do offer us opportunities to use what we learn into practice and even go beyond what we are taught in class. For me, what we need to do is to try our best to make a perfect balance between working time and study time. College offer us the stage of study as well as part time job offer us the stage of practice. If we take a good knowledge of that point, we will surely gain great achievement in our colorful college life.

 Though we always emphasize the point that study must come first, it doesn't mean that we cannot have part time job. On the contrary, part time job means a lot to our college students. Now I will list some evidence to prove my argument. First, it is widely known that college is the place where we not only gain new knowledge and skills but also design a winning career plan. Part time job give us a chance to set foot into the outside world and to know more about our society. By comparing our dream with the reality, we can alter our aims in time and avoid many foolish mistakes. Then, given the fact that the competition is getting fiercer and fiercer, today, we have to make all efforts to perfect ourselves. Knowledge alone can never be satisfying. In this case, part time job matters in improving our ability in social communication and efficient working. We may gain experience and life skill in part time job as well. Finally, college students belong to the high consuming group. I won't say whether we should save money or not, but I hope everyone to respect our parents' money. There is a way to solve this embarrassing situation, that to apply for a part time job.

 Now more and more college students are eager to hunt for a part time job. What they want to do is earning money to afford their cost of living, and at the same time, they could reduce the stress of their parents. I think this idea is worthy to consideration, and the starting point of the college students is good. But I don't think that it is necessary to have a part time job for the college students, because college students have a variety of knowledge to learn. For example, we have several professional classes. Besides, we should take some elective classes. All these require us to try our best to learn them well, they would help us a lot in the future and they are really important. If you want to participate in activities, you can join associations or attend all kinds of competition which school provides. Here you could exercise your capacity. Above mentioned are what we college students should do. Part time job waste both time and energy, it may delay our college study. One of my friends always wants to have a part time job, and she actually finds some. Beacause of that, she has less time to study, and of course her score is low. So it is important to study more and work less. What we should do in the college is enduring learning.

I agree with it. It can not only help us improve ourselves by doing a part time job, but also we can make some money in this process, it is important to some poor students. At the same time, it can help us communicate others better, so we can make more friends. In modern society, many companies take it that whether you have the related work experience as a standard to employ staffs. So if you want to find a good job after graduation, you have to have a appropriate part time job. Of course, you can take many other ways to achieve these goals, such as holiday social practice, community benefit, and so on. But in comparison, you can't make money and it takes more time by these ways. So if you have no much time and want to earn a little money, it is the best way to exercise yourself that have a part time job. But on the other side, learning is the duty of students; you can't affect your academic when you have a part time job. In a word, as a college student, if you want to know the society deeply and improve yourself quickly, you'd better to have a part time job.

 The question whether college student have a part time job becomes a hot topic nowadays. Everybody has different opinions. Let's think about what we can get from having a part time job. Of course we can acquire a lot of experiences and get some extra money to improve our life in college. On the contrary, what do we lose when we have a part time job? We will lose many time and energy. And it may be influence our study. So I don't think there is a certain answer to the question mentioned above because each student has different situation. To some students whose family lack richness, they may have to have a part time job to afford their tuition and even help their family to improve life level. It is important to these students who want to have a job after college to have a part time job in college for they need abundant experience. There are some other students who want to continue studying domestic or go abroad after school. Maybe it is not that much important to them to have a part time job. For these students, what they should do first is studying well. In a word, college life should be rich and colorful; studying is not the only goal that every student has. We should read more valuable books and learn more skills. If we have more spare time, we can think about having a part time job. Whatever, we should not waste our precious college life.

Nowadays, there is a heated debating about whether it is important for college students to have a part time job. Different people hold the different opinions. You cannot image how terrible it is for a college student to have a part time job, people who object to the opinion emphasize this. From the point of their view, it is the course studying that we college students should concentrate on and doing a part time job wastes plenty of our time, what is worse, what it brings us in wealthy is far less than what it takes us in time and knowledge. They also assume that we will earn more in future in return once we contribute all of our time to studying during college, it's a further investment. While, when it comes to the topic, the others put the great agreement on college students to have a part time job. They stress that no matter how rich or poor we are, we should go for a job in college, and it's not a matter of earning money, but an opportunity to close to society. What's more, it's not merely for us students to accumulate the experience, but a chance to apply what we learn in class to the reality. Taking part time jobs will obviously do much good to student; it's not a waste of time, not to speak to the short sighted. What is known to used all is that every coin has two sides, but as to have a part time job, I think, we students benefit from it more than what we lose from it, and what the society really needs is　typed talent, but not the ones who can recite a great many articles, who can tell a quantity of theories, or who can just write a pile of useless papers.

When I was young, I was told by my teacher that for a student, it's more important to learn study ability than learning knowledge. However, my teacher never pointed out the way of learning study ability, he only teach us how to win the knowledge competition as other teachers, even he knew the importance of the study ability. I think Chinese students were just like eggs lived in a tremendous protection system before they stepped into university. College students were better, they were more independent, analytical and original, but still were newborn chicken with a piece eggshell. This was a result of many factors, but that's not my focal point, I wanted to focus on how to help college students get rid of the last eggshell. Actually, the answer always was not unique, hundreds people had thousands ways to make them more mature. For most college students, having a part time job was a wise and effective way to get rid of the last eggshell, to make up the defect of growing up by the over protection system. Having a part time job gave you incentive of working hard because you earned from it ; Having a part time job enriched your college life ; Having a part time job made you more sociable and learned more life experience from it...... Actually I can list a lot of benefits of having a part time job for a college student. But we should notice clearly that the central theme was not how much money you earned, how many friends you made, was the ability you learned from the part time job, was the ability of studying, was the ability of independence, that's the most important!

Nowadays, college life is colorful. Besides studying, students participate in various kinds of activities and some of them have part time jobs. People have different perspective about if it is important for college students to have part time jobs. As far as I am concerned, part time job is just an additional part of college life, not a part of great importance. Part time job can make profit to students. For one thing, student can gain some social experience by means of contacting people outside the campus. For another, the payment can help students from rural family to pay the tuition fee. So it's definitely a beneficial part of college life. However, part time job maybe influence the studying especially when students overdo it. Some of my friends have a really tight schedule just because they have a part time job. Instead of relaxing themselves and do homework, they go to work when we go back to the dormitory. Their reason is that part time job is an important part of college life. I hold opposite opinion that students don't benefit much from part time jobs. There are a couple of reasons to name. Formerly, it will take the time otherwise you will use to study. Curriculum studying is always superior to other part of college life, for we students come to college with the major purpose of acquiring knowledge. Latterly, part time job is not the only way to gain social experience. Some activities can provide you with better opportunities. Generally speaking, when get a payment job; students usually get simple works which can make very limited profit for their future career. Lastly, it's important for people to relax after daily stressful studying, who can help students concentrate on school work better with profit to one's health.

As we all know, college students have a lot of time to live their own life. They can control their life freely and do what they like and what they want. People are discussing whether it is important for college students to do part time job. Like one coin has two sides, advantages and disadvantages exist as to it. On the one hand, it is good for us to have a part time job. To start with, along with the high pace of the modern world, more and more companies pay more attention to word experience. They must do a good job to promote their ability. Their practice will enable them to better understand what they learned from books. Students can also accumulate work experiences through part time jobs, which will benefit their future job hunting. What's more, they can earn some money though these experiences. It can make the students realized that it is hard to make money. One of the most important reasons is that let them know the hardship of making money. Then they can develop a habit of saving money. During this period they can know how much they owe to them. Part time jobs can partly relieve students' financial burden, especially those who are from poor families and cannot afford to pay college fees. Last but not the least, it opens them a window to know about the society, which is essential to their maturity. On the other hand, if we break the balance our study and work, it makes no sense. Study is of importance to us students. We must spend most of our time in study to reach our goal. We must deal with our study and work well, spend their spare time taking part time jobs. Only following this principle can they benefit from their part time jobs.

Nowadays many students tend to get a part time job outside school. According to a recent survey, there is a dramatic increase in the number of students who devote time to extra curricular activities, community involvement and part time work. As students attach more importance to part time job, is it virtually significant to do that?As far as I'm concerned, taking a part time job is of necessity. In the first place, through working with other people, students can learn how to get well with others. It is a chance to develop interpersonal communication and the ability of settling problems with a team. In the second place, college students usually focus on academics, but known rarely about the society. Doing a part time job is good for real life experience. It helps students learn how to adapt to the norms of the society they live in. In the third place, many students spend too much money and make their family under the financial pressure. Even though the majority of students can't accumulate much wealth from the job, it helps their parents to release from the burden to some extent. We do know that time is the most valuable and the most perishable of all our possessions. To my thinking, we should arrange our time properly to do part time job and study hard at the same time. We should make sure that we put ourselves on a more competitive footing when we leave college.

Most people say that being a college student should have a chance to try a part time job. But I think we shouldn't put much time on this kind of thing. As a student, despite of a college student, we still concentrate on our study. Being a college student means we have to have a lot of courses to study and have plenty of books to read. We also have to finish many tasks which teachers tell us to do. So we may be have little time and energy to think about the part time job. We should do take some social activities at the right time, which definitely doesn't say we must take those things. As we know, should and must really have different means. If we don't distinguish the position between study and social works, we may be confused about our intention of going to the college. Besides, social activities don't completely equal with part time jobs. We should make them clear. Social works are ok, but part time jobs are a waste of time. I know a friend of mine, who ever tried a part time job. He said that although it sounded perfect, it was very hard to make the two into the balance. During his work, he sometimes worked longer than he imaged. Most of his tasks were tough and boring, but he had to do that. He lost a lot of time to study his work, and didn't finish his homework perfectly. As a result, his final exam was not finished as good as it used to be. He said he learned a lot through this thing. We should keep this: To study well is our duty when we are students whatever the situation is.

Nowadays, many college students in foreign countries choose to take a part time job. However, most Chinese college students are still prone to pay little attention to doing part jobs and focus only on their major study. In my opinion, the pros of doing part time jobs overweigh its cons. I have mainly four reasons for it. In the first place, doing part jobs is a symbol of being independent which means you are no more a child and you can take good care of yourself. Second, you can learn quite a lot from the job. It will help you broaden your horizons, gain more experiences and get more close to the society. As a saying goes that experience is the best teacher, the meaningful experiences will make you adjust to the society much better and will benefit you the whole life. Third, as we all know time is limited and valuable in college and doing a part time job is often in conflict with studying. Hence, taking a part job will force you to know how to balance your work and study and how to use time to the fullest. Last but not least, if you take a part time job, you will get a sum of money which can be used to cover tuition and purchase whatever you want. What's more it will also teach your how to handle and manage your money. In conclusion, although learning is our main task and doing part job will take much time, it benefits us quite a lot. From my point of view, universities and college students should make join efforts to advocate college students to take a part time job.

As we know, college is a period, at which students improve themselves both in knowledge and in experience. Other than, after they graduated from the high school, and came to the college, they have much more time after class than ever before. And since then, they can dominant their time freely. So making a good use of it may do great help to improve their ability. And having a part time job is one of best way to make good use of their time out of class. Firstly, having a part time job can provide them opportunities to meet all kinds of people and encounter different things, which belong to society only. And you may make friends or meet your Mr. Right when you have the part time job. Secondly, having a part time job can not only own some money but also own confidence. In my opinion, when you make money by yourselves, you will feel a sense of pride and achievement; in the meantime, you will speak highly of yourself and become more confident. Thirdly, if you can look for a part time job relates to your courses, you can use the knowledge learned from school earlier, which will make you realize your courses thoroughly. Above all, it's important for college students to have a part time job.

Personally, it's important for college students to take a part time job. One reason is that college students are not as busy as middle school students. They have more leisure time. Perhaps some students don't know what to do or they may be addicted to the computer games. They just don't how to use the leisure time. So taking a part time job can make them feel a little more comfortable and help them make the leisure time more useful. Taking a part time job also has many other advantages. The one who take a part time job can gain more experience on getting along well with others. They can also make more friends easily. All these can help them become more acceptable when they seek for a job after graduating. So having a part time job can help students be ready for the future work. Another advantage is so important that can't be ignored. Taking a part time job can get more money. This advantage may be the first concern of the students. Someone thinks that making money can make them be independent from their parents. And they also have money to buy what they have dreamed for a long time. Concerning about the advantage to take a part time job, it's important for college students to take a part time job.

Nowadays more and more college students go out to have a part time job in the society. I think it is a good sign. First, we can take some money from a part time job, which can reduce the family burden. It is uneasy for our parents to raise us and now it's time for us to do something to let our parents relaxed. Second, it is a good chance to get to know society. We can learn something that we can't learn in college. It will be helpful for our future work. At the same time, we can find out which job we are interested in and are really good at. Last, we can meet more people. Some of them may become our good friends. In the last summer holiday, I became a private teacher. I taught math and English to a student in high school. I learn how to communicate with her better and learn some English that I didn't study well when I was in high school. After the teaching, my student becomes my good friend. she is younger than me and her thought is different with me and my former friends. I learn many thing from my student. Because of the teaching, I felt very substantial in the holiday. Through this experience, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.

It is not rare to see many students are doing part time jobs when they are in college. Moreover, it seems that more and more students are doing part time jobs during recent years. I don't support the idea that college students should have part time jobs. And I have specific reasons for not agreeing with it, which are explained in the following paragraphs. Having free time jobs is a waste of time. Consequently, college students will have less time to do other things. I can think no better illustration of the idea than the example of my roommate. For instance, my roommate Sun who have six part time jobs is always exhausted. He doesn't have time to study what he should learn and have no time to exercise. Obviously, it is bad for his schoolwork and his health. Furthermore, he even doesn't have a girlfriend. What a poor boy!There are many people in the world are cheaters. In other words, you probably work day and night and gain nothing. Actually, the situation is not rare, it is just one of many examples I have encountered. For example, my roommate is Liang. He works for a factory for nearly one year. However, the manager of that factory disappears forever. Liang gains nothing. What a gloomy world. From the above, doing part time jobs may have many disadvantages, so I don't think it is good for college students to have part time job.

Many people say that college is a small society. College life is not only full of studying. Learning knowledge about major and improving our ability of communicating with others both are very important! In order to adapt ourselves to the fast changes of society and make our experiences more colorful, taking a part time job in our leisure time is a good choice. It's possible for us to have a part time job. In college, we have more freedom. Our leisure time is enough. And there are many jobs provided for you. You can make your own plan and work hard for the jobs you want to do. There is no doubt that you will benefit from the experience. Firstly, you can get direct wages. It does not only can reduce the heavy burdens of our parents, but also can taste the happiness on the moment of getting the money which is made by us. The second point, which I think is more important, is a good way to create new experiences. So we will be well prepared for our future life after we graduate from university. In conclusion, for college students taking part time jobs is practical and important. Just try and be brave to see how far you can go.

Currently, it's a common phenomenon that a great many college students are engaged in seeking for a part  time job. In my point of view, owning a job will undoubtedly make a difference to us students studying at a university. To begin with, the job can be an economic resource so that we can save a great deal of money for our family. On one hand, we can relieve the burden of our parents to some extent. They don't need to devote all the energy to making money and they can set aside some time to do what really appeal to them. On the other hand, the limited but sufficient amount of money will mainly constitute our daily expense. Not only does a part time job benefit us in college life, but it may also be a valuable wealth when we step into real society. Because this experience where we can clearly recognize the difficulty of earning money will definitely contribute to boosting our independence and ability of communication with strangers. Never let the idea wander in your mind that doing a part time job is just a waste of time we should have spent on study. If you think like that, you're completely wrong. As a matter of fact, the capability of coping with social problems is equally as important as the certificate on study when you apply for an employment.

It is important for college students to have a part time job. With the development of society, we, college students, should do more to adjust it. And having a part time job is a good way to improve our ability. University is a place which can give you a lot freedom. And you can choose to do what you want to. But we still should have a plan for our future. We should strength the ability of communicate and so on. The part time job gives us a chance to improve. So it is important for college students to have a part time job. It gives us a chance to touch the society, to learn about company and know more about people. On the other hand, part time jobs also can help a lot of students whose families are not very well. It may relieve their parents' economic burdens, and solve many problems. Nowadays, more and more college students forget their aim and lost their direction. Part time jobs give such a chance to make their lives clear. This encourages us to do more plan for our future. So in my opinion, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. And it has a good sense.

It is important for college students to have a part time job. The reasons are as follow:Firstly, it's a way to earn extra money. Most of the college students come from ordinary or poor family, only few students come from rich family. For the students come from ordinary family, they don't have enough money to live in a high standard of living; maybe they only can afford the tuition. If they have a part time job, they are able to living better with extra money. For the students from poor family, to get a part time job is a very good way to reduce the burden of their family. Secondly, having a part time job is good for college students to participate in the society in advance. For example, having a part time job such as selling is a good chance to communicate with different kinds of people in the society. The students will learn how to deal with different situation from the work. Such an experience will help students to adapt to the society better in the future. Thirdly, during the experience, student's personal ability is strengthened. It covers a wide range of ability to do a part time job well, such as speaking ability, writing ability, organizing ability and so on. So during the experience, student's personal ability is improved gradually. All in all, it's very important to have a part time job.

 Having said goodbye to the stress of college entrance examination, the students who succeeded in being admitted to the colleges find them faced more changes and challenges. On one hand, we hold more freedom and motivation in learn. The fellows around us having the same interests and goals as us, the teachers who play the leader roles in their subjects, and the learning atmosphere that can't be more suitable, these entire make the college be a right place to study. Maybe the college students are the happiest learners. But on the other hand, is the college just a place to deal with the knowledge on the books? In other words, do college students spare no effort to enter the universities just for studying? The answer, of course, is No. It is universally believed that entering the college is the beginning of stepping into the society, where everything is much different from that is in schools. Actually, rather than just being a teacher, a guide to help students change themselves from students to social person should be the colleges' main role. And to be a part time worker, I think, should be the first step. No one will deny that the society is full of complication and is so difficult for us to adjust ourselves to. Then the part time job make it possible to become knowing about the society in advance and lead us to begin to prepare for all kinds of challenges in the future. After all, the schools teach us what to do but who will tell us how to do is the experience we gain in our practice. So why don't we start the process earlier and, as a result, make it easier?

As we become the college students, a problem occurs to us that whether we should have a part time job. I believe that everyone has his own opinion. As for me, I think that we should not to do the part time job. Somebody may say that we should forester ourselves at university, so that we can adapt to the society better when we graduated. Obviously, through the part time job, we can get some money, also, the experience, which can help us to know the society. If one lacks of money in the short run, he can do some works to get the extra money to improve his life. But the cost is that he should spend less time on studying the school courses. This may make him become less competitive than others when graduated. The bad aspect of having a part time job for us is not only what we mentioned above. After we finished the work, we would be very tired that we will not go to continue our course. On the other hand, the college students may be cheated when you have a part time job, maybe this kind of experience isn't what you want to accumulate. What was worse, having a part time job may build the students' attitude toward money is possible for them to think that making money is more important than studying. So, more and more students go to make money and less and less students to study. In the long run, the universities will not the original one anymore. As a student, we should always remember that our most important work is to study hard so that can we become the most competitive person when we go to the society.

It's important for college students to have a part time job. The followings are the possible reasons I think why having a part time job is important for college students. Above all, in my opinion doing a part time job can help shape ourselves. During the part time job, it's obvious that we may face lots of tough problems which we have never dealt with. Through solving them, we gradually become mature and develop good personalities, such as brave, hardworking and optimistic. At the same time, taking a part time job contributes to earning a certain amount of money. As college students, most of us have been teenagers and are not children any more. We should learn to take the responsibilities to help our parents. Therefore, taking a part time job is a good way to relieve the burden of our parents. What's more, taking a part time job requires us to go into society. We all know that society is a good teacher. In the society, we can acknowledge the things which cannot be taught at school, such as how to communicate with others. In the meanwhile, we can also apply what we have learnt from classes to practical situations. In this way we can get a better understanding of the theories. However, we should keep in mind that we just take a part time job. It ought not to be turned into full time. After all, studying is our first task. We should balance the relationship between studying and part time job.

It is very important for college students to have a part time job. Now in many universities, there are some college students having a part job, such as sticking posters, to do private tutor, or to be the model. Students to have a part time job not only can make some money to change their life but also can gain experience. as a college students in the new century, who hasn't some societal experience, maybe will miss a good job, or miss a change of building a efficient network of relationship, which is the most important in the future. I have a part time job now. When some companies want to make a recruitment meeting, I and my classmates are working for them. For this, I can get a lot of money, and the most valuable, I have knew the recruitment process, so I can prepare from now on. If one overcome the sense of tense, I think his success rate will become high than who doesn't. And I have known several mentors they gave me great help. They help me pass through the confused in the university. I thank them a lot; we have built a hard friendship. So I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.

As a college student in grade 2, I think to find some part time job to do is an excellent choice. And I would like to present two explanations for this. The first reason can be seen by every person. There is no denying that we have been adults, that the reason why we need to shoulder the social responsibility. If we try some job in the free time, not only can we earn some money to reduce our family's burdens, but also the job time in the weekend can enrich our life. At the same time, I think if your weekends have too much spare time, why not choose this meaningful activity instead stay at dormitory and addict to computer games?On the other hand, by the time we do part time job, it can also give us some experience about the out side world. When we finish our 4 year study in college, we have to enter to the society in the end. In my opinion, the experience we accumulated during the part time job will play an important role in future. In conclusion, I think to do some part  time jobs is the best choice for college students. In my class some boy have began to try to do some easy job, like put out ad paper. And I believe there are more and more college students select this way to practice ourselves

As the time goes on, universities are more open to society. At the same time, college students have also been contacting more with all kind of people. We enter universities to pursuit development, such as the increase of knowledge maturity of quality. We participate in school activities, even, some of us have find a part time job out of school. Maybe someone show a negative attitude towards this behavior. They think it may have a bad effect on students' study. It is not real. Actually, having a part time job can cause a rapid growth on students. The following are the advantages of having a part time job:First, students have a lot spare time in college. They have fewer classes, so it is necessary for them to make good use of time. Compare with playing games on Internet, companying BF or GF, it is more meaningful to work. Second, it will help students wide their eyes. By working for others, students will understand more to society, know how society works, and gain more experience, preparing better for their future. Third, as we all know, a job will be paid. Working can have a extra income for students, so they don't need asking their parents for money all the time. In one word, college students will gain a lot by having a part time job. It gives a new way for students to learn more about society.

Will an employer hire a man with working experience or a man who is young at work? The answer will be all too obvious. We can benefit quite a lot from part time jobs. Back in our primary school days and high school days, we spend most of the time and the energy to concentrate on studies, our parents take care of us and we do not have to worry about living. At that time we are still children or teenagers, but now, since we entered college we are grown ups. It is time we should take our responsibilities and sharpening ourselves. Maybe your part time job is just working as a waiter or a salesman, but the rewards can be a great deal, as long as you're eager to learn and good at reviewing the experience. On the other hands, experienced the rigors of society, you can have a brand new sight towards your life, and be better prepared for your future. As a saying goes, Book reading is not enough, a better understanding requires practice in person. In my opinion, taking a part time job is a means of practice; you can regard it as a good chance and draw lessons from it. Just go for it!

A great many college students have part time jobs. From my perspective, It is important for college student to have a part time job. We college students are almost adults, we should be independent. In order to be independent, we must be financial independent first. And using the money made by ourselves can make us feel very good. So, having a part time job could be a good choice. And having a part time job also could improve our ability, such as communicate ability, coordinate ability. That is not all, part time job experiences are precious wealth for our future. Having a part time job can also tell us that it is not easy to make money. In that case, we might be do much better than others in making money and saving money. Some of us might say that we don't have time to do any part time jobs, the time for us to study even seems to be not enough. I don't agree with them. If we improve our work efficiency, and use our time appropriately, Then, absolutely our time can be no more enough. Also, having a part time job can prevent us from wasting time, make us spent time doing significant things. In a word, having part time jobs is a good choice.

With the increasing pressure of the difficulty in looking for a good job, more and more college students choose a part time job as a way of adapting to the society earlier and easier. It's also a controversial topic whether we should have a part time job or center on the knowledge taught in the college. However, as far as I'm concerned, one coin has two sides, but it's vital or us to get some experience before stepping into the colorful stage of society. At first, the knowledge from the books is very limited and it's very hard to put the theory into practice just in the campus. Putting what you learn into reality is the symbol of absorbing the knowledge fully. Besides, part time job gives us a great opportunity to contact the people from all walks of life. A good interpersonal relationship also plays a very important role in our career. Last but not least, part time job is a job we can earn some money from. This may not be the most important, but the salary we earn by ourselves can give us a sense of treasuring the money earned by hard work. What we give equals to what we get. To sum up, part time job is a good way to get more social experience; we college students should attach more importance to it no matter what you want to get from it. If you want to be superior to others after the college, just have a try in advance.

Nowadays, the question whether college students should have a part time job or not has attracted many people's attention. Some people think students should have part time jobs to train themselves for future. Others say that students should not have a part time job because study is more important thing for students. I think there will be many advantages for student to do a part time job. First of all, if students do part time job, they can learn experience and get training. They can learn knowledge they cannot find from their books in the school. So in the future, when they try to find a job, they find they have more advantages than other students. Secondly, we can get money. Some of us are from poor families. We can pay tuition and buy something we want if we earn money by ourselves. It can release our parent's burden. In China, we all think that friends are very important. We can meet many people when we do part time jobs. They can make friends with us and we can benefit from their knowledge and information. Of course, study is still the most important thing for us. We should take care of both study and part time job. You cannot spend all the time in part time job. If we make careful plan, it will be ok. All in all, I think there are more advantages doing a part time job because we can get experience, more friends and money. If you can have time, try to do a part time job.

Nowadays, more and more college students are getting out of the school and do some part time jobs while still doing their study. So, what's the reason? Apparently, it is, maybe not necessary, very important to do some part time jobs. The importances are as follows:Firstly, as we all know, the college education pays more attention not to the practice but to the theory. However, part time job is a chance for the students to use what they got at school and to change their theory into practice. Meanwhile, it can enrich their college life as well as improve their work abilities. Secondly, the students will get much experience through part time job, such as how to get along with their boss and colleagues and how to develop the attitude to shoulder their responsibilities. The experience they get can do much help to their job finding after graduate. Finally, doing part time jobs can help the students gain independence, especially the financial independence? Although it seems impossible, we have the desire to make our own living because we are already adults. However, we can earn some money if we do part time jobs. Thus, we can ask for much less money from our parents, which can make us feel more independent.

Nowadays, with the high pace of the society and the improvement of living standard, people get better education. Universities and colleges take in more and more students. On the one hand, more people have access of further education, but on the other hand, the opportunity of getting a good job largely decreases. It's more common for a college student to have a part time job than ever, partly because they can make money to support the family, make more friends, and maybe mostly because it can increase their experience and let them adapt to their occupations and the society more quickly after graduation. There exists a wide debate that whether the college students should have a part time job for the sake of getting possible working experience. The opponents hold the opinion that it will do harm to their study and their future career. On contrast, it is more widely accepted that it is important to do so but not necessarily. If the students does well enough in his studying, and have extra energy, seeking a part time job can surely help him succeed in the future. But pay attention, the results differs in different situations. If he or she has trouble even in basic studying process, spending so much time in jobs is obviously unnecessary. After all, as a student, no matter in primary school or in college, it is more important to learn. All in all, whether to have a part time job depends on specific situation. But the significance of a part time job can hardly be ignored.

 As for part time jobs, from my opinion of view, it's important for college students to have one. As we can see, when we stepped into the gate of the college, our aim is not simply to get good grades just like the goals which we set up in the senior school. What we should consider is all the abilities and qualities we need to have so that we can stand in the complex society. And it's a very useful way to improve those aspects for college students to have a part time job. There are many advantages to have a part time job. First of all, it can help to improve ourselves a lot. We can learn much more things than the boring knowledge given by the textbooks, and these things are more valuable for us to adjust to the real world we live in. What's more, we have to communicate with others while we work for the job. At that time, we can strengthen our capabilities about how to talk to others in suitable ways. Also, we can truly take part in the various social activities and have a better understanding of the life. It can assist us to foster better personalities, too. Then, having a part time job will benefit the family. A college student's cost is very expensive and it's a big burden for the majority families. If the students can work for themselves, it will decrease the pressure which we put on the shoulders of our parents. However, though it's important for college students to have a part time job, it must be on the basis of the ability that you can study well, and we mustn't let us fall behind others because of it. Above all, it will make a great sense for the college students to have a part time job.

We have been college students. It seems that we are more relaxed than high school students because we have fewer lessons and we are more relaxed than people who have worked because we don't have to earn much money to support ourselves and our family. However, we are not relaxed as it seems to be. In fact, it is important for us to have a part time job. Firstly, we indeed have more spare time than others. After class, we have a lot of time to learn by ourselves. But most of us spend much time in playing computer games or walking streets with no mind. It is better to find a part time job during this time. Secondly, considering we need to gain social experiences before graduation and college life can't offer us many chances, we can do a part time job to improve our social abilities. Thirdly, we can earn some money to reduce our parents' burden. Though most of parents ask us not to worry about the expenses in college, as a college student, we are old enough to do so and we are responsible to support ourselves even our parents. In addition, some students may come up with an idea of their future job. For example, many successful businessmen had their company when they were college students. As a college student, we should have a sense of responsibility for ourselves, our family and the society. We want a part time job and it will benefit us.

As is known to us all, many college students choose to take a part time job in their spare time and this is a common phenomenon in our life. But here we need to talk about whether part time job could actually do good to our college students. As far as I am concerned, I believe that taking a part time job certainly brings about several advantages. First of all, when we take a job, we could get a chance to learn to be independent. In the same time, we can use this chance to try to get along with others. What is more, as result, we can also get our financial reward and work experience as well which may be helpful in our future life. Furthermore, to take a part time job provides us with an important opportunity to put what we have learnt from books into practice. However, every coin has two sides. There are also some disadvantages. Firstly, some students may spend a lot of time doing part time jobs so that they just neglect their studies and this will affect their studies as a result. Secondly, some students may be cheated by others, because they don't know how to take good care of themselves and how to distinguish between right and wrong. In a word, I agree that students should try to get a part time job which could help them to know something about society, but they should keep a balance between job and study.

Facing today's tough job market, it is high time that college students should have a part time job. I have the following reasons for my opinion:Firstly, having a part time job will give you a lot of work experience. Getting a job can give you a lot of experience. If you have a part time job when you are studying in the college, you can learn more knowledge and it will make you become excellent for future job. College students can practice their school knowledge if they do a part time job. Secondly, college students can benefit from doing part time job by earning money from it. Then it can less your parents' shoulders of some financial pressure. You cannot depend on your parents forever. We can learn to depend on ourselves gradually. If you try to do this early, you will find it easy to become independent one day. Thirdly, part time job is a good chance to develop our character and help us face pressure. There are many work pressure from doing different kind part time job. Then you find it not difficult for your real job. Above all, we can draw a conclusion that it is important for college students to have a part time job.

I completely agree with the point that it is important for college students to have a part time job because I think that it will bring us many advantages. First, there will be a chance to increase our experiences if we have a part time job. As someone says, experience is money. Taking part time job makes us adjust to the society in advance, and found a foundation on our future life. Second, through the part time job, we will earn some money and help us realize how hardly and difficult when our parents raise us. Third, as the society developing, the comprehensive people will be more and more important. Communicating ability will play a more important role in our daily life. Taking part time job may make us improve it and make many friends which are our power when we meet something. Finally, it is also a leisure time. When we study day after day, some suitable leisure time will relax our physical and mental so that to increase our efficiency in study. So because of the reasons we can say that it is important for college students to have a part time job. If you have a chance, please try it. I believe you will never regret.

 My many college students are doing a part time job. Some of them usually spend one day working outside on the weekends. Others often do this as possible as they have free time. I am also looking for a part time job. I think that it is important for college student to have a part time job. There are some reasons. Firstly, we are still studying and we have no career. We ask our parents for money. If we take a part time job. we will have extra money, which not only reduces our parents' pressure, but also gives us more choices to buy things we want. Secondly, doing a part time job is a challenge for us, because we are studying in school now and we have not constructed with the society. Doing a part time job can aboarden our horizon and we will have a better understanding of our future jobs. In addition to this, we can know the rule in the job field ahead. The last point is that doing a part time job give us a good opportunity to make more friends, which is very important for us to development better. In a conclusion, as far as I'm concerned, doing a part time job has a lot of benefits: Our abilities are improved and we are becoming denpendent and so on. We only need deal with the relationship between study and the job well.

Nowadays, we turn lazier and lazier with our life's being more and more well off. Perhaps you are very unhappy to hear this, but it's the truth.. Especially in our parents' protective wings, we lack the passion of doing hard works. Before we went to college, our parents had designed the future life for us. So we are used to accepting their arrangements and don't want to pay too much. Unlikely to our parents, they did many hard labors when they were youngsters. Therefore, I think it's reasonable that many people called this generation to be the flowers in warm house. Thus, I don't like this opinion. To get rid of this saying, I advise that all college students do part time job. It is very important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, many college students have been addicted to their parents' concern for a long time so as to lose their self existence ability. Taking a part time job can force them learning how to be independent. Secondly, it will make them treasure money and don't waste money. Thirdly, it can help them form working experience so that they will be easier to find a decent job after they graduate from college. It is acknowledged that almost every company has demand in employee's working experience when they employ a stuff. Forthly, it can strongthern their mental ability in bearing failure. You know, to a person never meet any difficulity, once he suffers from a few obstales, maybe he will break down. Concludely, in my perspective, it has necessity that we should stumilate college students' motivation in doing part time job. In modern society, inevitably, a person who can only study in books wouldn't be accepted by the public.

I don't agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The majority of those who do part time jobs hold the idea that it is an effective way to gain social experiences — the ideal way to make contact with other people, which everyone will have to use in the future once we formally enter our society. At the same time, parents' burden can be lightened. Entering the college means we will have more free time to control by ourselves. However, it does not mean that we can look down upon our study and do whatever we want. As far as I am concerned, doing part time jobs is a waste of time. For one thing, if you devote yourself to study and read some books about interpersonal interaction or philosophy in order to behave yourself in public, there's no need to spend much time in serving guests or washing the dishes. For another, the economy is growing at a stable rate, therefore, our parents have the ability to pay for our tuition. This period in college is not a proper one during which we make as much money as you can for parents' good. On the contrary, we are supposed to learn as much knowledge as we can. In a word, it's not a necessity to do part time jobs for most of us.

Some people are asking this question: is it important for students to have a part time job? I agree with the idea. I have the following reasons below. After graduating from high school, students who admitted by college have many spare time so that they don't know how to make their lives colorful. Therefore, taking a part time job is a proper way. They can do something more interesting and meet more people. Most students are isolated from society before. What they should do is study. Though this institution is not acceptable, we have no choice. So taking a part time job is the proper way to know something about the society we are living in. Then we can learn more knowledge about the real society when we graduate. On the other hand, it is also a way to earn some pocket money we used to getting from our parents. Decreasing parents'burden is every college students should make efforts to do, since we are not earning money now. Above all, from my perspective, taking a part time job is very important for college students; it not only can make our lives more colorful but also can know something about society.

 Most of Chinese families have only one child now. Children born in these families are the very person who are cared for the whole families. Now they are college students, and have part time job is a good tool to make them independent. And it's really important for college students to have a part time job. First of all, having a part time job make college students realize the cruelty of the world. College is a ivory tower, and it's a innocent environment. If a student hasn't had a part time job, he or she may can't understand some rules in the some companies, and they may try to get used to it for a long time. In the second place, having a part time job can make students know that earn money isn't a easy thing to do. In that result, they won't waste money and they will cherish their relationship between then and their parents, because they have realized their parents work hard only want to afford them a comfortable life. Last but not the least, taking a part time job can take off a part of the burden of some families. Some colleges, especially private colleges, have a high tuition. Colleges students who take part time jobs can lose the burden of the whole families. In a word, it's really important for students to have a part time job, because there are many benefits to take part time jobs. College students should experience it, or they will regret they lose the chance to get realization to this colorful society when they are young.

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. You have a part time job when you are in college that means you make money by yourself. I think it is a piece of good news for your parents because this way may reduce their pressure. If someone has a job, I think he or she must endeavor to accomplish it. During this process, you will know how difficult your parents make money and you may cherish the money they give you and not waste them. When you do a part time job, you may meet people who you are not familiar or even do not know, then you will communicate with them and make them understand you. Shortly after, you will find you are good at talking with others, which means you have the ability of communication. By doing a part time job, you will achieve many qualities. For example, you have to finish a lot of things by yourself and your ability of doing things may improve. What's more, some jobs need you think about many ideas, so your mind also works, your thought is exercised. In addition, you will face different people and different situations, you need overcome all of them, so you should change your ways of solving problems because different conditions have different methods to deal with. Some people may say college students have a part time job will influence their study, but I want to say that if you find a balance between study and doing a job, you will realize you have a opportunity to adapt to the society after you graduate from the university.

As we all know, having a part time job has increasingly grown in popularity in the last few yeas. It has a meaningful and positive impact on the community you serve. In the meanwhile, it can have many benefits you, too. As soon as I am concerned, there are two reasons to have a part time job, improve the work experience, reduce the family burden. On the one hand, when you are in part time job, you will encounter many difficulties, of course, you have to find ways to solve these difficulties. So, over time, when you encounter setbacks, you will face them calmly. This way, when you enter the community, you will face with your work more easily. In today's competitive society, you will have more opportunities to succeed. Therefore, we must participate in part time actively, it gives us a lot of benefits. On the other hand, our parents provide money for us during our study. However, our parents are hard to make money. We have grown, and I believe we have the ability to earn some money. Thus, the burden of the parents will be reduced. This is also a way to honor our parents. Apart from the two benefits of improving our experience and reducing our parents' burden, there are many other benefits you will find during your part time job. So it is the time for us all to participate in the part time job.

Nowadays, many students use their spare time to take a part time job, it has become a trend. As a college student, to this kind of phenomenon I have some different views. I think, a part time job, fully take advantage of our spare time, make our college life becomes rich rise. Meanwhile, we can slowly learned independent, and realize make money is not easily. So, we can learn save money. Additionally, we can make money by ourselves. This is a good way to alleviate the burden of our parents. Finally, the experience we gain through part time jobs may be of grate help to our future career. Undeniable, part time job also has some shortcomings. First, as college students, we should put study in the first place. Part time job will be taking up the time for our study; we will not have enough energy to busy with our study. As a result, we may fail in our school study, which will affect our future career. Everyone has his own ideas. For this shouldn't do a part time job, every college students have their own opinions. We should according to the circumstance of oneself make decisions. If you think that you can handle the relationship between work and study, so you can try bravely. Anyway, learning is the most important thing in our life at present; we should focus on our study.

When entering the college, the students' daily life has changed a lot, most of their time can be arranged by themselves. A large number of students choose to take a part time job to fulfill their campus life. In fact, large part of their parents don't support them doing part time jobs. In contrast, I maintain that it's important to have a part time job. Firstly, the college students are innocent as they have never been touched with society. Through doing a part time job, they can learn some practical skills what can't be learned from the class. On the other hand, an increasing number of companies need the employees equipped with working experience when they graduate from university to search for a job. What' more, they can make money by hard working to decrease their parents' burden. Also, it can teach them that it's not simple for their parents to earn money and develop a good habit of saving money. In reality, it's better for you to arrange when to buy and when to study, or it will have negative effects on your study. Above all, having a part time job is to learn further working shills. Do not waste time on playing computer games or having a date. It is benefit to have a part time job.

It Is Important for College Students to Have a Part time Job. Nowadays, the capability in finishing work effectively and perfectly has become one of the most important things when the company measure students' ability. Taking a part time job is a good chance to improve our skill, enrich our experiences and enlarge our horizon. Fist of all, having a part time job can help us reduce the heavy burden that our parents taken. It will make us understand the hardship that making money is a not easy thing better. And it can also help us to build a good habit. What's more, we can use the money to buy something what we want and useful. On the second, having a part time job can help us improve our capability not only in finishing the task but also in communicating with others. It will make us know more about the work. And in the various part time jobs, we can know more knowledge in each profession. Through the experience we had, we can make a plan of our future. On the third, when we doing our part time jobs we can turn our knowledge which we learned in school into practice. The last but not least, more opportunity will be offered if we have the experience doing part time job. In a conclusion, we college students can benefit a lot from the part time job. No matter in economic or experience. It can make us more independent and strong. We should take advantage of it.

 As a college student, we should not only study hard but also enhance ourselves in kinds of aspects and widen our horizons. We can take part in all kinds of activities in the college. We also should take a part time job to practice ourselves. It is known to everyone that we pay all our attention on study when we were in high school. Because at that time a high grade is the only purpose. Now the situation is different, only learning knowledge in books is not enough for us. We will step into the society after we graduate. so we must have practice skills. Taking a part time job is a good way to practice us. It not only makes some money for our tuition but also enrich our college life. What's more, it is also a good experience for us to learn to communicate with others, which is important for the future work. In conclude, taking a part time job is very important for college students'. We college students should take advantage of our free time to learn something which we cannot learn in books in order to become a useful person for society not a book warm. Taking a part time job is a ladder for us to work in the future.

I think that it is important for college students to find part time job. In present society, an increased number of students go in society to find part time jobs. It is popular for college students to find a part time job. That is why I support the idea that it is important for college students to have part time job. In my opinion, as college students, we should not focus only on our study. We are adults now and we cannot stay in a so called safe environment. We should step into the society to know exactly the world and meet more kinds of people. This will make good preparations for your future after graduation. You can learn a lot by doing part time jobs. You will be more mature and responsible. Contacting with different kinds of people will enable you to become good at dealing with them in the future. On the other hand, you can earn money from it. Thus you can lose the burden of the family. And you can buy things you want with the money and help others who have financial problems. In one word, finding a part time job carefully is important and useful no matter to yourself or the family. You can practice yourselves and earn money, isn't it wonderful. But you must be careful when finding it.

 It's important for college students to have a part time job It is universally acknowledged that social competition is becoming fiercer and fiercer. As college students who will soon facing the cruel competition, what should we do to get ready for it? Then doing a part time job may be a top option. It is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, we all know that college is a transitional period between school life and social life. Therefore, it is a golden chance for us to make preparations for the coming social life. Doing a part time job is just a tool or means to help us to adapt to social life, and meanwhile widen our horizon. What's more, students as we are, we can't bury ourselves into those books day and night. We need to be exposed to something fresh. Doing a part time job can not only tell us how to deal with things, but also guide us how to be a person. It is favorable to improving our abilities and widening our ken. Last but not least, we will gain a sense of satisfactory from the harvest of the part time jobs. No matter how much we get, it is the biggest award for us. To sum up, having a part time job is necessary and very important for college students. I believe all of us can be qualified to a real social job when we graduate from universities.

We are college students now, As normal students in school, the traditional education emphases the study is the first work to us, but when we have enough time to do other things, the part time job becomes a fashionable choice. As far as I am concerned, it is important for college students to have a part time job. Taking a part time job is a good and important experience for a college student. Part time job, if we arrange it well, it will not make any function to our study At first, students can get exercise, and get working experience. At the same time, they can get good knowledge during the working time and they will form good ability. Then students can earn some pocket money so that it can reduce the burden of parents. They need not to suffer too much to support your fee to go to school. It is good for the whole family. Then it makes we know how to work in society, how to make money, how to live in society by oneself. With the part time job, we will abundant our social knowledge and other things. So, when we are college students, it is necessary to do such work. This experience will be unforgettable memory of our school year. And we can benefit a lot of things from it. Never miss the chance to practice ourselves

College students have much available time and we have lots of free time arranged by ourselves. Which provide us more opportunities take part in university activities or some social practical activities apart from our lessons? I would like to make use of some time to do some part time jobs to increase my social experience and improve myself which probably have influence in my future career? In our country there are more and more college students undertaking a part time job or even more than one part time job. It's becoming quite common to see students busy running errands after lessons. Some say colleges students are expected to do concentrate on studying, because study is just like their jobs. However, I think it's a good thing for college students to take a part time job while studying. On the one hand, college life which consists of only study is not balanced and may cause the student to miss out on other valuable learning experiences. In addition to bringing more balance to a student's life, part time work can broaden his social experience. On the other hand, it can make the students realized that it is hard to make money, And then they can change their bad habits. During this period they can know how much they owe to them. Part time jobs can partly relieve students' financial burden, especially those who are from poor families. For all of these reasons above, we should take some part time jobs so that we can integrate theory with practice. I firmly believe that most students would benefit from taking a part time job while they are at college if they can balance the job and study.

 In the university, there is a phenomenon that a large number of students are looking for a part time job. And there are different purposes. Some students are in favor in taking a part time job. They believe it can add up their experience and open up their mind. Some object to having a part time job. They think it has the bad effect on their study. As far as I am concerned, I agree with the latter. Two main reasons may account for it. For one thing, working more outside campus means studying less in school. As a English major, we need much time on our specialized knowledge. We should spend spare time in practicing oral English, reading, writing, listening and so on. It takes up much more time to take a part time job, so we cannot promise enough time to study. For another, taking a part time job distracts us from our study. Since some students have done a part time job, they pay less attention on study; even they cannot concentrate on listening in class. Gradually, those students lost the interest in study. It costs a huge price of neglecting study. In conclusion, having a part time job has the downside on college students' study. Therefore we should focus on our study during the period of university; after all, we are students.

Many college students all over the world have a part time job. Their basic reason usually because they want to have some extra money, but actually it is deeper than that. They do not realize that their decision to have a part time job was affected by their need to begin taking some responsibilities for their own lives. Part time job give them a way to enter the society and to learn taking responsibilities. Although part time job is important, it is not the best thing for their future. They have to graduate from their college rather than drop out and get a full time job from their part time workplace. Their achievement at college promises a better future and job opportunity where they were best. Part time job is a way to get experience about the real world, the hardship to get money. It prepares students mentally before they enter the society. Students learn about patience, honesty, and some other aspects when they face customer or their employer. Part time job is a phase where every student must have experienced but college is the most important thing to do to get a better future. Part time job just provide life experience not knowledge.

 I think a part time job for the college students is very important. It is benefit for us in every aspect. There are several reasons for this. Firstly, part time job can help them to solve money problem, especially those coming from poor families. It also can lighten the burden of their parents. Many students from poor families cannot afford college fees, and our bank system fail to loan college students as effectively as it does in developed countries, so taking part time jobs becomes a way for them to meet their great expenses in campus lives. Secondly, part time jobs will offer us a chance to demonstrate our ability and make us more independent. Of course it can improve the ability of our communication and enrich our social experience. We may get some useful information during the process of looking for a job. You know, many companies tend to employ the one who has working experience. Because they have better quality to solve problems than other. Moreover, we can put what we have learned in class to practice, and share the experience with our classmates. We cannot learn all kinds of skills in the university, so we'd better find a part time job to enrich our mind and broaden our field of vision. In a word, we will benefit a lot from part time jobs.

Nowadays, more and more college students are engaged in part time jobs. They work in their spare time as private tutors, salesmen, waiters or shop assistants. People wonder whether it is good for students to do so. Some people are afraid that working in spare time will have a bad effect on students. Because they think study is the most important task to the college students. If they want to live a better life in the future, they should pay full attention to their study. Of course, their worry is reasonable. But there are also other people who believe that taking part time jobs has many advantages and the advantages outweigh the disadvantages. In my opinion, it is important for college students to take part time jobs. Firstly, the students can earn money to support themselves and reduce their parents' financial burden by doing part time jobs. Secondly, while doing their part time jobs, the students can apply their knowledge what they learn on campus to their work. Finally, doing part time jobs helps the students to gain some social experience that will be of great help to their future career. In a word, Taking part time jobs provides students with more chances of social practice. However, college students should keep a balance between study and jobs because study is the first important task for college students after all.

It is important for college students have a part time job, not only for the money, but also the experience. Many students step into college without a good sense of controlling of time; they do not know how to use their time in a proper way. However, having a part time job can give them opportunity to enjoy their college life. Being in the charge of other people, students can control themselves to obey the rules, so that they can have a good sense of time. They can know that not everywhere is just like school, not everywhere is so free. Meanwhile, during the time doing part time jobs, students can study some more things that they cannot study in class, as well as they can take what have study in class in practice. These all cannot be studied only in school; only in society can students learn these. Besides, doing part time jobs can offer the opportunity that students can broaden their horizon, which can be a kind of advantage in communicating with different people in different occasions. Many students in school are too shy to express themselves, which can be changed if they have a part time job. Because when they do the part time job, they will meet different people, they can adopt themselves to different people's opinion and attitudes. In this way, they will be more out minded. In a word, doing part jobs can make students enjoy their college life. If they use time in a proper way, they can make progress both in study and experience.

Nowadays more and more college students take a part time job. About this, I think, it is a good phenomenon and it is important for college students to have a part time job. A part time job can bring extra money to students and this can allow they to buy things they need and relief their parents' burden. And students will learn to treasure everything they have and they will love their parents more than before because they have experienced the pain of making money and they have been aware of the hardship of life. Also, part time jobs can give students experience of working which will benefit them when they look for a job after graduation. It will practice their ability to communicate and deal with problems. They can learn something beyond text book and out of school. They will find that life is a cruel thing and you must struggle for it or you will be punished by it. And at the same time, life is fair because it will award them with adequate gift if they work hard with their heart. So, when you are a college student try to get a part time job and do it as well as you can and this will do well to you in the future.

In recent years, many college graduates have difficulty in finding a job and face a fierece competition. The situtation has aroused a common concern about if is it important for college students to have a part time job? Personally speaking, I adovocate college students should have a part time job. On one hand, we know, college students have a part time job can earn their pockets money, and in this way, it can reduce the burden of their family. Besides, they may make friends with many people from who college students can benefit a lots. On the other hand, as job markets are decreasing, unemployment among the graduates is increasing. College students have more skills and experience can make them more appealing to the employers and companies. Therefore, taking a part time job is a good way to enrich your skills and experience when you at college. Taking advantage of your college free time, improving and enhancing yourself, when you graduate from college you will excel other college students and don't worry about you will face a fierce competition and cannot find a good job. In my perspective, a college student to have a part time job has many adavantages and disadvantages. It is not only can earn money that can solve your financial crisis, but also you can learn a lot of experience and knowledge that can perfect you. So in order to have more chance than others, college students should take part time job and make use of our free time to enhance oursleves.

This year, I am 21 years old. That is to say, I have been into an adult. It also means that I can take responsibility for my family and myself. And I think it is old enough for a person to live by himself. Everyone will grow up, so we must learn how to earn ourselves. And I think the best way for college students is to take part time job. Now, I am studying in college, as what I say before, I also take part time job, I working in a restaurant. Every day, when I go to bed, there is a great sense of satisfactory in my heart. Because I believe that people can not only get a lot of experience but also earn money during this time. The best thing what we get is that we have a colorful life in our college, and it is easy for us to get into society when we graduate. What the important thing is that most of the companies employ people based on their experience out of school. So what are you waiting for? Don't you want to help your parents to reduce their burden? What do you think if you have a plain life in college? Come on, Guys! Go out to find a part time job at once, and you will find you benefit a lot from it in your future.

Now in the universities more and more students take a part time job. There are many reasons that can explain these phenomena. To start with, many university students think a part time job is necessary. First, they can earn some money through the part time job to ease their parents' burden. Second, they can communicate with people out of school and learn much knowledge in the society. Doing a part time job can widen their field of vision. The experience of doing a part time job will do well to them when they find a job after gradating from the school. What's more, there are also many people who against a part time job. They insist that one's time is limited. If a student spends much time on a part time job, he or she will pay less attention to his or her study. And the society is too complicated. Students should not enter into it when they don't have the ability to deal with it well. Last but not least, as far as I'm concerned, we should make a good attitude towards the part time job. As a student, what we should pay most attention to is our studies. Then in we spare time we can do some good part time job, such as a tutor. That may become good experience in our university life.

Nowadays, more and more college students choose to take a part time job during the free time. Some choose to restaurants some to shops and some choose to teach students. there is many choices. As a coin has two sides, there are both advantages and disadvantages on doing part time jobs. If you do a part job you can learn many things that you don't know before, during the time you may face many problems so you must find ways to solve them, you also need to think twice before you do something, because of doing part time jobs you can also know that money is very hard to earn. You will thank you parents more. The disadvantages are that if you do part time jobs you will don't have much time to study; your study may be affected, because you are a student you should try your best to study hard and should not to consider other things. Also you may be affecting by the society people, people in society are very reality you may be hurt and lose heart to life, it is not good to your growing. In a word, you should see part time jobs in a proper way.

Today, in many countries, it is widely accepted that college students are engaged in some kind of paid work. Therefore, many college students find part time jobs which they are interested in. However, as for this phenomenon, opinions vary from person to person. Some people are in favor of the idea that they consider it as valuable work experience and important for learning and taking responsibility. Also it can help the college students understand the world. They will know how difficult to own money and why we need to save money in our daily lives. When they face the hardship during the working time, maybe there is nobody is willing to help you, you only overcome it by yourself. It will help the college students to be brave. Some people are opposed of the idea that they think college students are so young that they cannot work without the help of their parents. What is more, crime rates have been on the rise over the years, it is not safe that college students work outside. From my perspective, it is not necessarily sensible for college student's work. The college students need to study. If they work, they will have little time to review what they have learnt in schools. I do not agree with college student's work outside.

Nowadays more and more college students are crazy about taking part time jobs. I believe that a part time job has both advantages and disadvantages, and it is important for the students to have an appropriate balance between study and work. Some people believe that taking a part time job certainly brings about several advantages. First, students who do a part time job can earn themselves sums of money which helps to release the financial burden on their family. Second, it gives the students a chance to know the society to learn to be independent. In addition, they can also get financial reward and working experience as well, such as teaching or selling practice, which is helpful to their growth. What's more, they can put what they have learned into practice so that they can improve their studies and personalities, which are beneficial in their later lives. However, problems may also arise. Firstly, some students spend too much time doing part time jobs while pay little attention on their studies. Secondly, when taking part time jobs, the students may be distracted from their studies by the colorful lives in the society. Thirdly, some students may be cheated or hurt by their employers when they enter into the society, because they don't know how to protect themselves. In my opinion, taking part time jobs provides students with more chances of social practice, which benefits them both psychologically and economically so long as they keep a balance between study and jobs.

In my mind, a part time job is very useful for our college student although it may have some disadvantages. A part time job can bring us not only the experience in our life but also the experience in being a true social human being. First of all, the environment in a campus is peace and simple, in these surroundings we could not know the real life in the recent society. If we have a part time job, we should touch the society early than others, so we should have more competitive than the other. It is good for us to get a good job in the future. Secondly, we have the opportunity to meet more people and communicated with them. Communication is an important factor to be had in today's extremely competed society. The last but not the least, we can use our spare time to show our ability, we can make some pocket money, we can take care of ourselves which could make our parent feel relieve that we have already grown up. Many student may disagree with me, but I'll say that they do not know the feeling how great to have a part time job especially you get your first salary. I could clearly remember that I have keep my first salary for a long time, I did not want to waste it. If someone want to get a part time job, I will give him some encourage. Come on to get it.

In fact, there are many college schools in our country, even some campus are very famous over in China, over the world. It just has a famous name; some schools acquire students to hand on lots of money. As we all know that not all of our families have enough money to pay for our education, including me. So, in my eyes, it is important for us to have a part time job, especially on campus. Study is the most important thing for us in today's society, and we should put it in the first place. But who think about it that when we have dinners every day, what support us.   the money. What I say is mainly about economic. For example, when we finish our homework or some activities in Students Union at weekends then we can find a part time job in the school or around our own campus. And this not affects our studies at first. Just look back, when we have the money which we earn by ourselves, we must be so excited at that time and proud of ourselves. In my point, on campus we should work hard and do the best about it. But on the other hand we also find a part time job so that when we enter into the society we have enough experience to deal with it!

In recent years, more and more college students choose to take part time jobs in or outside school. Many teachers complain that there are fewer and fewer students who pay attention to their study. Should we put the blame on part time jobs? Is it a good thing for college students to work part time? I think we need to think about this question carefully from different sides. It is true that excellent academic: qualifications are something essential if you want to find a good job after you leave school. But on the other hand, for those who can easily get high marks in examinations, it is worth trying to find something to do in their spare time. Then they can get some work experience which is as valuable as their academic achievement. From what I have said, it is difficult to judge whether taking part time jobs is good or bad. It depends on how you deal with the relationship between working and learning. If you can balance it well, you are sure to get enough knowledge as well as working experience, so as to get ready for you future success. So we can just say that doing part time job can be good for some people and not so good for others. It just depends on your situations.

It is popular to take a part time job for college students. Young people at college have begun to have a new notion of learning, the content of which includes not only book knowledge, but also social knowledge and independence. Taking part time job offers a good option. So it is important to take a part time job for college students. There are many advantages for college students. Firstly, part time jobs will provide a chance to broaden our horizon. Thus our college life is not boring. Because students can meet different people and can learn a lot from them. Secondly, some jobs, such as a family tutor, are different from other part time jobs, these jobs doesn't only help others' study, but also assure the students themselves review the knowledge that has been told. Instead, taking part time job, the college students can make some money to buy something that they have wanted for a long time rather than ask for their parents. Last but not least, through the part time, the college students can feel independent and can realize that they have become mature. Because they can make the parents' financial burden relieved. After all, if they get a good salary, they own are able to afford the tuition. To sum up, taking a part time job can train college students how to better learn understand life and has many advantages. So it is important to take a par time job for college students.

In our country there are more and more college students undertaking a part time job or even more than one part time job. It's becoming quite common to see students busy running errands after lessons. Some say colleges students are expected to do concentrate on studying, because study is just like their jobs. However I think it's a good thing for college students to take a part time job while studying. Although it is a truth that for a college student, his most important goal must be to learn well and to get a high score in examinations, it surely does not need to be the only target. In fact, college life which consists of only study is not balanced and may cause the student to miss out on other valuable learning experiences. In addition to bringing more balance to a student's life, part time work can broaden his social experience. He will have the precious opportunity to meet people from all walks of life and will be faced with a wider variety of problems to solve. Furthermore, work helps a student to develop greater independence, and earning his own pocket money can teach him how to handle his finances. Finally, a part time job can help a student to develop a greater sense of responsibility and team work spirit, both for his own work and for that of the team he works with. For all of these reasons above, I firmly believe that most students would benefit from taking a part time job while they are at college. Of course, they must be careful not to let it take up too much of their time because study is still their primary responsibility. To sum up, living a balanced life is the best way to be successful.

People always have different ideas even on a easy thing. On this point, some people have the idea that college students have to join a part time job while other people disagree. Form my perspective, I agree with the former. The reasons are simple. First of all, the course of finding a part time job is a challenge for these students. They will never imagine how difficult finding a job is before you really find one. You will feel tremendous pressure in the job market at the same time. It can give you some help about how to persevere your determination of finding a job. Secondly, we can acquire some knowledge that will not exist in our classes. Some theories your teachers' deliver to you which you can put into practice are the knowledge you really obtain. Besides, on the one hand, a part time job is not a heavy work and it will not take you a lot of time. On the other hand, you can earn extra pocket money. Well, in that case, why not?However, there are not always just some benefits. College students sometimes engage themselves into deceits because they are inexperienced in finding a job. But that's not all, some college students even take a part time job as a reason for not concentrate on learning knowledge. In a word, we should have a proper attitude toward a part time job.

Nowadays, it is a common phenomenon that college students do part time job, even me myself, have tried hard to get a decent part time job. I strongly agree and advocate college students to find part time job. I have the reasons and evidence to support my point. Finding a part time job can make college students life more colorful and enrich their life. Moreover, doing part time job they can gain experience which is the best way to their future career. They can gain the treasure to deal with various problems. Thirdly, it is a great opportunity to develop the ability to widen their work efficiently which will increase the quality of their career and life. Fourthly, part time job can help us earn money. So we can reduce our parents' burden and buy something we like. For example, I even used some money from my part time to buy presents to my mother. Last but not least, acquiring the ability to deal with many problems can also benefit them and they can make the best of the knowledge they have learned in order to get comprehensive development. In a word, getting part time jobs are our pre classes of our future career. Sufficient knowledge allow we massively experience is for the mental promise to our life.

Whether students who study inside the campus can get a part time job or not is a topic which is being discussed. Some students say yes to it because they think it can help them understand their parents' hardship while some don't agree with it, saying it's a waste of time for study. In my opinion, a student can get a part time job on condition that it doesn't have a side effect on his normal study in the daytime. As a matter of fact, the good effects that a part time job brings to a student should be more than the side ones because taking a part time job can bring students more chances to get in touch with society. It's good for students to have part time jobs because this helps cultivate independence among young people. Part time jobs in business can foster a sense of competition, which is important for students in the future. And being able to earn their own money gives students a feeling that they've become adults and, therefore, makes them feel more mature. Part time jobs make students more confident in themselves because through the work they can realize their own value and prove that they are capable people. What's more, it also makes students experience the hardship of making money. However, students who get a part time job should control the time for part time job as well as pay attention to their safety when they go to work. Besides, they should spend their income from the part time job reasonably.

Nowadays most students have taken part time jobs during their study time of college. They will do everything when they have free time and in weekend they also spend time on their part time jobs. In my opinion, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. First of all, I think do part time job can help college students learn to budget money. In China, many students' money was given by their parents. They can't know how hard to earn money, so they spend money quickly and waste money to buy meaningless things. But if they have a part time job to do, they will find it is difficult to earn money themselves. They will budget money if they want use them. Secondly, a part time job can help them pay for their living things. Such as food, books clothes and so on. They will feel success if they use their own money. Thirdly, doing a part time job can help them to build their character and gather social experience. It can help them grow up. In today's society, it is hard to find a good job. Many jobs need experience person. In generally, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. It has many advantages for college students. It can help them strength faith.

There is no doubt that more and more university students look for part time jobs. However, people argue whether it's beneficial to our college students. In my view, there are more advantages for college students than disadvantages. My reasons are as follows. First of all, it's an opportunity to strengthen our ability. As we all know, now competition becomes heavier and heavier in our society. We should be equipped with knowledge and training skills. And part time job can give us more practical knowledge. In addition, if we only study unless we study, we may be shifted out by our society. Nevertheless, you can experience what you can't learn during your academic pursuit when you take part in part time jobs. What's more, the skills you acquire through taking part time jobs will benefit you even more your future career though now you think it's useless. In university, we have much spare time and feel very bored. Sometimes, we may lose ourselves. So we can make full use of time to take a part time job. I believe you feel useful and happy. Last, we can earn money from part time. We can help our family by this. So I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Try to have one if you have time.

There's no denying that hunting a part time job is becoming more and more popular, especially for college students. When a student steps into the college, she or he may be immediately confronted with various choices, including whether they should have a part time job or not. Obviously, increasing number of part time job is springing up on campus, which confused lots of students. Some people think that it is profitable for college students to take a part time job. The reasons are as follows. First of all, it's indispensable for college students to accumulate work experience, which is beneficial to their future development. Moreover, students can make money in order to reduce their parents' burdens. Also, they may make full use of their free time rather than waste of time. However, other people hold the view that there is little advantage for college students to take a part time job. They insist that it is students' obligation to study. And their most important task is to finish their school work and gain graduation certificate successfully. Part time job takes up most of their times. Furthermore, students have no enough energy to work. It's harm to their health if they have a part time job. From my point of view, students themselves should have their own plans. They need to develop their ability of protecting themselves when pursuing a part time job. At the same time, they need to arrange their time properly. It's no surprising that they should experience the social life in advance.

As we all know that when we went to the university, we college students have more free time. Shall we have a part time job? In my opinion, it is necessary for college students to have a part time job. On the one hand, part time job gives us more opportunity to understand the society. The reason why we stay in the school is that we are preparing for the job in the future. The experiences we gain from the part time job will become our priceless wealth. When me ask a job, the interviewer usually ask us whether have experience. Without experience, we still cannot be able to take over a job successfully. On another hand, part time job helps us become more independent. Sooner or later, we will depend on ourselves when our parents past away. During the period of part time job, we will know how hard it is to make money. In addition, we can widen the sight and make friends with others. Finally, part time jobs can broaden our horizon of mind and make our life more meaningful. In general, as a college student, we should try our best to have a part time job. You should know that when you have a part time job, you can obtain many things which can not gain from the school.

Nowadays, more and more college students choose to do a part time job during their university life. For the reason that the tuition in the university is very expensive, and it will burden the pressure on our parents. In my opinion, it is a good choice for the college students especially for someone is encountering economic problems. As a college student, we have a lot of free time; why not make full use of them to do a part time job. There are lots of advantages to do a part time job. It can not only help students promote their study through their part time jobs, but also can offer us an opportunity to go beyond what we have been taught in class, and we will learn more knowledge in practice. In addition, students can also accumulate work experience through part time jobs, which will benefit their future job hunting. Actually, part time job also plays an important role after we graduate from school and help us prepare for our future careers. It is easier to find jobs for those who have work experience in part time jobs. In conclusion, it is important for college students to take part time jobs. As long as it won't cause a negative effect on our study, choose an appropriate part time job is a wise choice for college students.

With the development of the society, so many college student choose to take a part time job. From my point of view, I think it is very important. There are too many advantages of it. First, a part time job can help you pay for normal living expenses, including some food, books, and clothes. Then, we shouldn't ask the money from our parents, because our parents are very painstaking. What's more, your parents will not be around you forever, and so you have to become responsible for all of your expenses. The sooner you begin this process, the faster you will become independent finally. That's the point I think. Second, a part time job during college can build your character I think. Most of the jobs to college students are very humbling. Maybe I think they hold the view that we are just college students, we still don't know much about the salary. But I think after you experience life as a waitress,, or a sales clerk, you will become that much more grateful for the opportunities. Because it is priceless for your later work in the future. And you will realize that the world does not give you something free, and that if you want to get something, you have to give something first. In conclusion, a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will learn some personal responsibility and experience that you can't learn from the book. If you find a part time job that is tolerable, you can do it well and it is important to you!

Recently, there is a phenomenon that many college students take part time jobs in their spare time. In accordance with such a phenomenon, a constant debate has been arisen. Anyway, I agree with the idea that it is good to do a part time job. However, it is unfair to say which is better than the other if we do not see both sides of the story in the following paragraphs. Some people believe that taking a part time job certainly brings about several advantages. On the one hand, by taking a part time job, students can acquire a lot of valuable experience, which will enhance their ability in future. On the other hand, students can learn how to get along well with each other and know society better and deeper. However, other people stand on a very different ground. They hold the view that it is harm to do a part time job. To begin with, when the students do a part time job, the study will be neglected. Meanwhile, society is complicated, the majority of students cannot protect themselves, and a lot of parents worry about their children will be cheated. From my perspective, I believe that if time permits, college students should do a part time job. After all, to take a part time job provides the students with a valuable opportunity to put what he has learned form books into practice, which will have a profound effect on their future job markets.

Today, many college students have part time jobs. Some people think that a part time job is important to college students because they think is essential part of the campus life and do good to our future. The other think that part time job waste our times. Well, in my opinion, I don't think part time job is important to us. I have two reasons. First, as a college student, our main duty is study. We only have 24 hours a day, we only have about 30 days a month, we only have 12 month a year, We only have 4 years in college. So time is precious, time is important to us. If we spend much time in doing part time job, we have no time to study, that's not good. When we graduate from college, we may be too busy to study. So we should pay more attention to study, not part time job. Second, as a college student, there is a little chance to have a meaningful part time job. Think about it, you go to find a job such like waiter. This job has no relationship with the knowledge we learn. They do this job just for money. That's not a good phenomenon because we only can learn little thing from the job. Although part time job has some advantages for us such like help us know this society and help us gain some work experience. But as a saying goes do right thing in right time. As a college student, we should put study at first part of our lives. So I think it's not important for us to have a part time job.

As a college students, we have more free time. So we can choose some of part time job to do. Everything has two sides. Part time job also both have its advantages and disadvantages. Of course, There are many advantages part time job can bring to us. Firstly, the experience. We all know that working experience is important to us in this society. Well, how can we get the working experience in university? Part time job is one of the ways. No matter how, have experience is better than have nothing. Secondly, the chance. Everyone has its own ability, but not everyone has chance to use his or her ability. That's the point, so part time job give us a way to have more chances. Imaging, if your work ability is good, you may have been noticed by your boss, then you may have a good opportunity to enter this company after you graduate from school. The society is full of competition. Lots of college students couldn't find job after they graduate. Think about that. Part time job may bring you a brighter future. But on the other side, part time job eat the time of study. Many of my friends said to me that they have no time to study. Why? Because of they have more than one part time job. There's no doubt that they would have no time to study. So I think if a college student wants to have a part time job. He or she must find a balance point between study and job. Anyway, we are still students, so we must have enough time to study. That's what I think about the part time job brings to us. What I want to say is that if you want to have a part time job. Just do it, but don't forget about your study. That's enough.

With the development of the living conditions and qualities, quite more and more students have the opportunity to go to college. Parents and the public are concerned with college students' development. A great many people start to pay more attention on part time job. Some people hold the view that part time jobs will affect students' study in college. In my opinion, a part time job can help a lot. First of all, knowledge should be put into proactive. Through a part time job, we can better understand what we have learned in college. Also, we can gain much more than what we have learned from books. Moreover a part time job is a bridge which connects the college period and the career period after graduation. Some students will feel to have no direction when they graduate of they have never had part time jobs in college. Since fierce competition is waiting for them, they have little time to adjust to the new environment. IT is not easy for then to learn how companies and working. Yet, if they once had part time jobs. They will better get involved in the jobs they do. Last but not least, a part time job can help one build up social relationship and will make one feel more confident. The modern society needs talents that develop in all directions. What we learn from textbooks is far less than enough. A part time job will make up our disadvantages effectively.

Recently, I found some people are discussing warmly on weather it is important for college student to have a part time job. Someone think it is a waste of time for student who should spend much of in studying while some believe that it is a good chance for student to get the knowledge on how to earn money and how to live in the society which they have to learn when they leave school. To my point of view, it is important for college student to have a part time job. First of all, it is a good chance for student raise their ability of living in the society. As we all know, during the recent years, it is hard for some student who just left school to find a good job since the company do not admit they ability by a piece of paper since the education system is not trustful. At this time, if they show something they got in the part time job, it would be very useful for them. Meanwhile, as a college student myself, I find that we have a lot of spare time after finishing the courses required, the part time job in spare time can enlarge our abilities of communication, teamwork spirit and so on. However, we should have a clear mind on the priority, as a student, the first mission is learning, part time job can help us a lot, but if you failed a lot, you will still face many problems,. Beyond this, pay more attention with the contract when you what to sign in a part time job.

Different people hold different views on part time jobs for college students. Although more and more people focus their attention on part time jobs, I don't think we should do part time jobs in college. We fell happy and proud that we go to the colleges we have long been dreaming for after great efforts. However we are faced with more challenges. The subjects we study are not easy to grasp. We also need to develop social relationships. Still, we need to take part in many competitions. Moreover, there are quite a lot of books lying in the library we need to go though. It is really a great opportunity for us to develop ourselves in all aspects. We are supplied with so many chances that we have no time to do part time jobs. It would be better that we go out when we graduate. In conclusion, we should cherish the golden time in college for self learning and self developing. What the most important is that we would better keep busy every minute to make each day count in order to fulfill our dream and contribute to our society better. So do not do things that distract our attention from studying. Make better use of every day to make ourselves more and more independent powerful.

It is an interesting topic for us to discuss, and it is necessary for us to consider if we should do something in our spare time. As a university student, I think it is important to have a part time job. I have three reasons below. First of all, from primary school to now, it is our parents who are supporting us to study. We have not spent one coin, which is earned by ourselves. We are no longer children; we are adult now. So we have the responsibility to support ourselves. To have a part time job is a good choice. Secondly, the life at college is not so busy that we don't have any spare time. As a matter of fact, we have leisure to do many things we like. You may spend time on computer games, or doing some reading, or learning some software or something else. Certainly, you can find a part time job to make life full. At last, a part time job is a job, we could gain experience in the process. We can learn how to work with others, how to adjust to different environment, how to do a plan for ourselves to have a brilliant future. It must be useful in the future life. In conclusion, I think it is important and helpful to have a part time job.

Is it a good thing for college students to work part time jobs? I think there are many advantages for college students to have part time jobs. Many teachers complain that there are fewer and fewer students who pay attention to their study because of part time jobs. But in my opinion, students can choose to take up a part time job according to their own situation. As we know, college students have fewer subjects and less pressure than high school. They have more time to do things they like. Having a part time job is not a bad idea I think. Taking a part time job has lots of advantages for college students. Firstly, part time job offer them opportunities to apply what they have learned in school and demonstrate their abilities. Secondly, students can make some money through the part time job, and it enables them to be more independent of their family and builds up their self confidence. Thirdly, part time experiences may be of great help to their future careers. Finally, part time jobs can broaden their college lives and help them know more of themselves and society. But the more important thing for them is to keep a good balance between part time job and their study. On the condition, I agree with the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job.

As far as I am concerned, it is important for student to have a part time job. My points are listed as follows. Firstly, students in the school take classes in the campus everyday, so that they concentrate too much on the books in front of them, leading to a fact that they do not know much about the society, which is by all means not good for them esp when they step into society. Having a part time job help them to learn to work in a earlier time, to get along with people who have been working for some period of time and so on, all of which give them a closer view to society, which is certainly a kind of good experience for them. Secondly, doing a part time job make students have different points of views as they should deal with people from all walks of life. This can also gives them different respects to value things. Thirdly, they know better how to earn money and have a deeper understanding of how their parents brought them up, which also let them treasure the present life. So, it is important for student to have a part time job.

I don't think part time job is important in college life. First of all, as being a college student, we still have lots to learn and we have no idea what we are capable of. Because of this, we usually choose very simple and meaningless part time jobs like waiters and cleansers. Truly we can earn some small pocket money through these jobs, but in the same time, the precious time that we lost just equals the value. In order to spare the time, I prefer to make a good use of the library which is definitely great treasure for us and we very likely won't be able to have access to the large amount of knowledge any more. So why don't we treasure the time and the utilities now, so that we can arm ourselves with broad sight and knowledge. About the working experience or the society experience, I think these are ought to be realized after graduation for we have plenty of time to deal with the society, like 5 decades or even more. I'm sure that at that moment, we must be very tired of work and always like to looking back to our campus life which should be pure, full of activities and enjoyment, maybe piles of books we have read which brings us wisdom, or maybe an unforgettable girlfriend or boyfriend. Whatever it is, it will never be the job. Compared with the work time, school time is so short, I hope I can enjoy my school life to the largest extent and leave no regret!

Is it important for college students to have a part time job? It's becoming a controversial question recently as more and more college students do part time job in their spare time. Those people, who hold that having a part time job is essential for college students, emphasize that through part time jobs, students can learn professional knowledge better. For example, the student who is major in computer takes a part time job in a computer company, he can learn the knowledge that doesn't exist in books and at the same time he can realize there's still a lot to learn so that he works harder and harder. What's more, the part time job provides them with experiences that can't be taught in a lecture hall. They think that the knowledge learn from schools is insufficient. So it is helpful to attend this kind of social life to get social knowledge. It seems that part time jobs act as warm up exercises for students to take full time jobs after they graduate, and help them prepare for their future careers. The students who have the experiences in part time jobs will be more competitive when they find job. Last but not least, the part time job can offer the students whose families have financial problems enough money so that they can study until graduating from college. Others, on the contrary, will of course opposite and, they believe that the most important thing for student is study. They argue that college students are too young to face up with the complex society and it's also a waste of time. According to me, the benefits will certainly outdo the drawbacks. However, it depends on you. If you can deal the relationship between working and learning well, I'm sure that you can succeed in the end.

 From my point of view, I partly agree with the point that college student should have a part?time job. College is a very important step before enter the society. University and the society is very similar, you must learn some practical life skills in the university. But the fact is that you can't learn such skills in the textbooks in the university. I think in the university, we have more time to do something we really want to do, so why not try to seek for the chance, and do a part?time job? That will really benefit to us. Though a part?time job is not a official wok, it still quite difficult for those unexperienced. You will learn how to treat people, how to deal with the problems, also some troubles we have never met before. For us, it means enter the society ahead of time. It is beneficial. But everything has two sides, do a part?time job also has its disadvantage, if you can't balance the relation between study and work, it will influence your study After all, I think the advantages are bigger than the disadvantages. So the college students should have a part?time job.

Should students do a part time job or not differs from different students in different countries. Of course, doing a part time job is good for students to build more abilities not only about the knowledge in the textbook. But for me, I don't think is good to do the part time jobs. I have got a lot to do within my lessons, I really have no more time to spend on other jobs, even though I know it clearly that doing such a job is good to me. If I spend my time that should be spent doing my lessons, I think the result would be that neither I learn what I should learn in the textbook, and neither will I gin a ability that should be built by doing the part time job, because I can't do the two things with my full heart. ] So if you have a lot of free time I suggest you to do a part time job, selecting a job that fit to you is very important, in my opinion the best is the ones have confections with your subject in school. If you really have got a lot of works to deal with, it's better to spend all your efforts in your own studying, not even thinking about searching a part time job, for that you can learn most things in the shortest time in school, at least I think so.

It is important for college students to have a part time job I do agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Lack of money may be the most import reason for us college students to search for a part time job as we knew. For some students it is the part time job that provides them with the fundamental cost of living. And it will make it possible to start a life without parents' financial aid although we should have been self reliable in as an adult. It is true that thinking of the hardship we will consider fully before we spend the money made by ourselves. Moreover, as college students, aside from academic knowledge, we should gain more experience through those part time job. I had a part time job of teaching a high school student math one year ago. At weekends, I should wake up early to take the first bus while my roommates were enjoying the beautiful dreams. But being paid for 30 RMB per hour, I did obtain a sense of achievements through this part time job. I think what we gain through part time jobs is not only the money but also the particular experience after hard working. I think the college life will lack color if we live out four years in college without doing a part time job.

 This is a discussion about if it is right for college students to have a part time job. Some students think that it is important for us have the chance to have a part time job to broaden our view. However, there is still some students think that it is no need for us using time and energy to have a part time job. In my opinion, I think that it is very important for us college students to have a part time job. Firstly, having a part time job can help us make good use of our time. Because most of us use our time on playing computer games or playing with friends after class. Secondly, having a part time job can give us more experience. It will make us college students more confident and mature for future. Besides, having a part time also can make some money, can't it ? We can use the money we make buy some things we need. For example, the professional books or tools. What's more, we can live easier with the money. In one word, I agree with the students who think that it is important for college students to have a part time. And it is the time for us to take a action!

I think, as a university student, if we have the chance, we should take a part time job. The reasons are as follows. Firstly, we can earn some money so that parents' burden can be reduced. Though it is not too much, our parents can know that we understand their pressure and that we are trying our best to do all that we can. our parents will feel happy to see this. Secondly, if we work as a teacher in your part time job, we can review what we have learned. Our students and we ourselves can promote at the same time, which we may be not realize until we have made progress obviously. Thirdly, we can get the ability to communicate with people in society, which is very important when we work in companies in future. since we are students, we get along only with students every day. As a result, when many graduates enter the society, they cannot adjust to the difficulties and challenges at the beginning, but if we have taken part time jobs, maybe it can be avoided. However, many students hold the opinion that taking a part time job may waste our time, As a students, what is the most important is studying, we can earn money after we have graduated. In my opinion, taking a part time job does not mean that we are wasting our studying time. Because it depends on the way you arrange your time. As a college student, we should have the ability to make our time to be full used. Certainly, everyone has their own opinion on the topic, just do what you think is right.

As far as a qualified modern college student is concerned, I approve of the opinion that It is important for college students to have a part time job. From my point of view, it can not only relief our parents' burden but also enable us to make good preparation for our social life in the future. It is well known that the campus is called ivory tower, and it is also very obvious that students should pay most of their attention on their professional knowledge. But on the other hand, college students in modern time should also have a good knowledge of the world outside. And a part time job is just a good chance to contact the society and learn more practical things that can't be learned at school. For example, as for me, I am doing a part time job as a private teacher. I think it can offer me some money to do whatever I want without ask my mother. And what's more important is that through the part time job, I have learned how to balance my study and other things batter. I also learned how to get well with different kinds of people. I also did other kinds of part time before. I learned much from my experience and these are all prepare for my future work. There is no doubt that a part time job can offer us the chance to know the world outside better which may awaken in us a high sense of duty and help us make greater achievement in the future. Therefore, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.

 As a matter of fact, I'm just doing a part time job as a fraulein now at weekends. I also get some money from it and feel very happy, because it is the first money I got by myself. As a fraulein, I must face with many kinds of people. I think it is the thing that is impossible to avoid. But in China, there are very little part time jobs for our students. I know, in Japan, university students can do part time jobs not only as a fraulein but also as a waiter, a librarian, even a cook and so on. I think it is the reason why the students in Japan are morn self support than our Chinese students. In China, many students don't want to do part time jobs because they think it can make them lose countenance. But I don't think so. I think do part time jobs can make our students step into the society, then we will know the importance of study. Knowledge can make us richer than only do jobs with our hands. So I think do part time jobs are very necessary for our university students. I also want to do many kinds of part time jobs to make myself much stronger.

When asked about it id important for college students to have a part time job. Some people disagree this view. They think a part time job waste many time for students to study at school. Another people hold this view. In my opinion, I believe it is important for college students to have a part time job. This reasons for my choice are listed as follows. In the first place, with the development of society, company need a experienced employer. But college students lack a practice when they graduated from school. At college they learn acknowledge is not useful to future work.. It is not link to work. They find it is very difficult to find a job. In the second place, college students have a pare time job could get some money to reduce family pressure. They could learn the values of money when they get money by yourself. They will cherish money because of they find it is not easy to get money. Though the above analysis. I think college students will be benefit from a part time job. Whatever effects it has, one thing is certain, it have more positive effects than negative effects to college students. In a word, a part time will help college students to have a chance to practice and have a better future.

As we all know, college is the bridge between schools and society. Therefore it's in great need that we college students take some part time jobs. In China, students are used to the school life. They are just connected to classmates and teachers and can get money easily from their parents. They will feel uncomfortable when they are suddenly faced with the society. They will feel tired when they have to earn their own life. However it will be rather different if college students do some part time jobs. Firstly, they will have four years to get used to the rules of modern society. That will make the adaptation smoother. Secondly, they will be able to communicate with business friends instead of classmates and teachers who are always supporting you, which make their future development easier. In a word, a man with four years' working experience is always more attractive than a freshman. This is the major meaning of taking part time jobs. In addition, taking part time jobs can earn some changes to improve your financial level. I can buy something I like without asking my parents for money. That will make me feel more independent. To be brief, it's of high value to do part time jobs.

Nowadays, more and more college students are busying in finding part time jobs. When it comes to the question whether students should find part time to do, the opinions vary from person to person. In my opinion, I think that it is a good idea to find a part time job to do in one's spare time. First of all, part time jobs can provide students with some valuable working experience. The working experience may help students to find jobs easier after they graduate. There is no denying that finding good jobs is becoming more and more difficult for the graduates. If students can have some working experience, the possibility of they being employed will be higher. Besides, doing part time jobs can help students know how to communicate with people correctly. When a student is doing a part time job, he has to talk with many different kinds of people, even someone who is hard to deal with. They will learn how to deal with people with different character. That's good for their future life. Last but not least, doing part time jobs can earn some money, which may release some part of parents' pressure. Though the money may not be too much, we still can do something with it. For example, we can buy some small gifts for our parents. But one thing we cannot forget is that our study shouldn't be bothered by doing part time jobs. Learning knowledge is the most important thing for the students. To conclude, if one has a lot of spare time, doing a part time job may be a good idea. He can be profited a lot from it!

Yes, I firmly believe that a part time job is necessary to the college students, even if the others do not agree. Here are some reasons which can prove my conclusion. First of all, we can earn some money from having a part time job. When on campus, we still need our parents' supports. We need money for life and study. So, once having a job, we can relieve our parents' pressure and be responsible for our own life. Moreover, It does great help to our future life. Having a job means important thing that we start to make connection to the society. We can contact with many people from all walks of life and we can obtain lots of information from them. It can benefit us a lot to our future life. Last but not least, a part time job teaches us the hardship of making a life. Nowadays, because of the great life and the love of the parents, many students spend money at will. It can have a negative impact on the future. Doing a job can help us understand it. Although having a part time job may influence our studying and our health, I still consider that it does great benefits on us. All in all, if we have enough time, we should take an active part in the part time job. We can experience a lot through it and it will gradually become precious deposits of our whole life.

 Nowadays more and more college students take up part time jobs in their spare time, as far as I am concerned, it does much good to the students and they should be encouraged to do so. The reasons are as follows. First of all, we students may get some amount of money by doing part time jobs. The money is important not only because we can purchase something, but also the fact that we learn how hard it is to earn money. Then we will understand our parents and make full use of our pocket money. Secondly, by doing part time jobs, we get a lot of experience that we will never learn about in our classes. As for our students, there is little time for us to know about the society. However, part time job provides us with the chance and we get the experience in time. Then we have the advantage over others who have no access to part time jobs. Last but not least, doing part time job is meaningful because we are able to put theories into practice. For example, for a student who is major in mechanic engineering. If he only learns theories, he will not have a good command of it. Only by doing part time job and explore the work on his own can he really understand his major. So in a word, doing part time job is pretty good and we college students should be encouraged to do so.

 I do agree with the first statement that college students need to have a part time job in their spare time. Firstly, by doing a part time job, we can broaden our horizons, which, to some degree, can also fulfill our life. For example, we can acknowledge some basic skills we need to lead a good life. Second, some college students have gained a lot of experience through the process and they have also benefited much from it when doing their current work. If we meet a similar problem in our work, we can deal with it smoothly by using the method we have used when we do our part time job. Third, as college life is filled with a lot of activities, taking part in this one is a good choice, which not only helps us get close to society but also gives us a brief image of different people. To sum up, by taking part in such kind of activity, we can know something about the current society and acknowledge some skills, and at the same time, know how to deal with problems in our daily life. I believe that what our college students need most. As a consequence, we should advocate college students to take part time jobs.

 Part time job is a new kind of working method suited for those students who don't have enough time to take a full time job. A part time job can provide the students with the study and living expense they need as well as plentiful working experience. But it doesn't mean that everyone has a must to do a part time job. It depends on one's situation. In my opinion, a student should know what he or she is doing and going to do in the whole life, and value the advantages and disadvantages when making decisions. If a student is having challenge in paying the tuition fee, doing a part time job is a must. Otherwise he cannot continue his education. Well, if a student is not poor and he doesn't have a lot of pressure in study, he can have much spare time to manage. In this situation, doing a part time job is still a good choice than playing computer games in dormitory. So part time job is also good for the students who have a lot of spare time and don't want to be so relaxed, it can help students gain work experience and fasten their steps to the society. But if a student has to study a lot in college, he must treasure his time. It's unwise to do part time job using the limited time and eventually interrupted the study. So, in conclusion, different cases should be analyzed independently. Part time job is suitable for many people who face economic problems or have abundant spare time, but not for those who are busying furthering their studies.

Nowadays, most of the parents are opposite to their elder counterparts. They don't let their children study for whole day, instead, they encourage these college students to do some part time job after class. As for college students, having a part time job is as equally important as taking classes. For one thing, a person who spare whole period in class and library may be good at theory.. However, as is known to all, we can't work a creature only with theory, so the one with a part time job experience will show advantages in later work. To some degree, having a part time job can not only earn some money to fulfill your study, it also private a chance for students to acknowledge how to communicate with strange person in real society, that plays an important role in their life. For the other, a part time job is supposed to spare a period of college study. In order to balance the studying time and the working time, students can develop an ability of operating time. Besides, work after class may ask for a strong basis, including both physical and mental. To do best of job, one can develop a sense of never giving up, which will benefit college students for good. In short, having a part time job is important, for it will leave college students not only experience, but also an immortal mind of resolute and straightforward.

After entering the college, many students want to find a part time job. As far as they are concerned, having a part time job they not only can earn some money to pay their expense in the university, but can develop their ability to communicate with others. What's more, it is a good way to gain some society experience. There are also some people disagreeing with them. They think that as a university man we should make a good use of our time. Time should be used to gain more knowledge rather than to make money. Part time job is totally a waste of time or compared with leaning it is inferior at least. In my opinion, taking a part time job is of great significance to a university man who can benefit a lot from it. To start with, I would like to start with the question that what are the things that a university man should do. Is it just learning not participating any activity? I think everybody will say no. In the university, on the one hand we should acknowledge what we should learn from the books, on the other hand, we should how to become an independent person and how to enter the society. To many students, the part time job may be the first job in their life. It is a start of an independent life. Then let's move on to some material gain. With the income that we gain from the part time job, we can do something we like as well as pay our expense in university. I think it is a different feeling compared with that using the money asked from our parents. University is not only about knowledge, it is also important to gain some society experience. It is important to take a part time job.

 I am now a freshman in the college. My family is not rich, so my parents have to work hard to pay for two children's education, my brother and me. So before I entered the university, I found a part time job to relieve their pressure. My part time job was to help students in high school learning. As it was the first time I teaching others formally, I was a bit nervous at the beginning. And the preparation was not very rich. After several times, I came to get used to the job and have better and better performance. When I got my first pay, though it's low, I feel really encouraged. A part time job doesn't need to be very grate and formal. No matter how slight or dull it is, just do it. And you will find something worth. There are the topmast masters in every profession. As far as I am concerned, I like trying new things, no matter how difficult it is. Finding difficulties and overcoming them is my enjoyment. I think a part time job is a good experience which can not only resolve the financial problem, but also can enrich my life. From tension in the beginning till liking the job, what I really achieved is a valuable social experience which is significant in the future. So just wasting time to play or sleep is not better than finding a part time job.

How much money do you spend each year in the university? And what do you spend money on besides daily diet? Have you ever thought how hard your parents earn money? Have you ever thought what we should do to help our parents reduce their pressure? I think a part time job is necessary. So far from we born, our clothes, our toys, our bikes, our computers, our breakfast, lunch, and supper etc., all of these things are given by our parents. They give us everything even themselves and we all know that we should do something to show filial obedience for our parents. But, how? We can do something what we can even it is very small. For example, help our mother do some housework or cook the dinner. And a part time job is also a nice choice which can reduce their economic pressure. Many college students think that the main job of us is study and we are busy in our activities and study so that we have no time to do a part –time job. As far as I'm concerned, we have time to play games, spend time with our girl(boy)friend. We also have time to do a job. Even a part time job will not give us much, but we can use the little salary to buy a gift for our parents to tell them that we love them. It's better than saying thank you. These are my opinions.

 It is normal that teenages have a part time job in recent, especially high school students and college students. Most of they want to be independent, so some of they chance temporary job. However, they couldn't think that they learn sciences from the books when they are young. In my opinion, they should learn more other things out of book. And then, I express my points. Students do a part time by many different reasons, such as not well off, buying some things, getting working experience. And many businessman like taking on them because of their low pay. Although the salary can make them happy in a short time, it has too low effect for the future. Some students chance learning more things in the teen time, I think it is well. They may be no time to learn some important knowledge when they are employment. They will get other skills what the same old person doesn't know by the day past. And they are more powerful then other people in the job. In my conclusion, I wish students get more skills, in stead of money. Because some skills can fill in their life, and lead them to get more money than part time job.

Taking a part time job is a good way for college students to get money. For some students, their families are poor; school fee is a big burden to them. So they chose to take a part time job. For others, they want to buy something expensive or too luxury for them and they don't manna their parents know, so they take a part time job as well. Anyhow, part time jobs are important to college student, so why don't we take one? Some people always say college student are so baby that we can't adjust to the society. Taking a part time job is an approach to solve the problem. It helps us understand the society deeper and multiplier. In the procession, we become more mature and capable. So why don't we take a part time job? For the society, college students are powerful and technical. Part time jobs let the society take advantage of the human power. College students also use this chance to make contribution to our country's development. So why don't we take a part time job? Some parents worry about their sons' and daughters' study. College is a place to teach us how to be a good and successful person. Therefore, taking part time jobs makes us study more and the knowledge we acquaintant is more impressive. So why don't we take a part time job? So why don't we take a part time job?

Nowadays, there are increasing number of college students find a part time job. When it comes to the question whether it is really important for college students to have a part time job, opinions vary from person to person. Some people believe that a part time job can give college students lots of experience which they can not gain from the school. While others hold that having a part time job isn't necessary for students who are still studying in the university. From my perspective, part time job really do good to us. It is indisputable that the responsibility of us is study not work. However, we can learn things which we may never meet in school. Society is quite another world compared to the school. Though the job is simple, we are taught to be patience, endurance to hard work, optimistic attitude which we need in a part time job. Job opens a window for us to see what real society is, a way to cultivate ourselves to be a better person, a stage to show our talents. Well, the pay we get can't be forgotten. Students as we are, we can prove that we still have the ability to make a living. We are not the burden of our parents. In a nutshell, part time job is more than a job for us. It's our teacher of life and a key to our brilliant tomorrow.

 University is filled with various of opportunities and students should grasp as many as possible chances to experience themselves and enrich themselves. So I can't agree more on that it's important for college students to have a part time job. First of all, not only should college students gain knowledge from books and teachers, but also should abolish a lot from society. At the same time, they can gain much experience in many expects, from which they can benefits a lot for their future career. A part time job makes a preparation for college students. Secondly, a part time job can earn students a lot of money. During the course, college students can make a better understanding of that it is not easy to make a living alone. Also, they will understand their parents' hard work and learn to appreciate their happy life. At last, a part time job can help students make a lot of friends, during which they can learn how to help others and experience the importance of teamwork. What's more ? Their friends may help them in the future. In brief, a part time job can gain students a lot and help them harvest so much.

 Speaking of the topic whether college students should take part time job, opinions are often divided. Some people believe that students should focus on their study, while others feel that taking a part time job is necessary. As far as I am concerned, I prefer the latter. I can raise examples to support my viewpoint. To begin with, taking a part time job enables us to get a main idea of the society. We will leave our schools and walk into the society sooner or later. By that time, what we need is not only the knowledge, but also the skills and manners. Undoubtedly, the experience of doing a part time job will help us be familiar with these manners. Then we can sail through the ups and downs during our career life. Furthermore, doing a part time job is good to our study. Only learning the knowledge is far from enough, we also need practice. There is no doubt that doing a part time job is a great way for us to apply our knowledge to practice. Then we can get an idea of what we are short of, which can help us study better. Last but not least, doing a part time can form the sense of independent and perseverance, which is also of great importance to us. All in all, it is essential for college students to take a part time job. It does good to both ourselves and our job in the future.

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. My reasons for that are as follows. First of all, the most important thing for college students is studying rather than working. We paid fees which is not so low to come to college on purpose of learning knowledge and building ourselves instead of making money. college is a best(maybe the last) place for people to study. We can read books, communicate with teachers and students freely and do a lot of research we want to. That is the original and real purpose that I choose to go to college. On the other hand, I believe we can learn more about work after we graduate from college and have a full time job. what benefits can part jobs bring to us?Most part time jobs are easy work that even a junior can do. So I think it is a waste of time to do part jobs that can offer you nothing but few salary. On the contrary, I think we should seize days to learn more. As the saying goes, Time is Money. I think it is more reasonable to use the time we now have to exchange for the money of future. From what has been mentioned above, we can draw a conclusion that part time job is not important for college students at all.

 Nowadays, a problem that whether college students should take some part time job has aroused people's concern. The view points vary from people to people. Someone think that taking the part time job will take up a lot of precious time which should be utilized for one's subjects. While others hold the opinion that part time job does more good than harm. As far as I'm concerned, taking a part time job will have a deeply influence on one's life. To begin with, salary strikes when it comes to job. As the tuition and price of commodities increase dramatically recently, it could indeed reduce our pressure from economics. In addition, compared with the substantial income, the acquired working experience deserves more attention. There is no denying the fact that the fast way to gain knowledge is read books. However, books from library may be outdated, giving you useless knowledge. Knowledge gained from experience may be firsthand, direct, and unforgettable. Everything is changing and so is knowledge. If you go out to make on the spot investigation, it is likely that you may be pleasantly surprised. Last but not the least, it is likely to make good friends, who will help you in your career after you graduate. Part time job will broaden our circle of acquaintances. No amount of ordinary school work or lessons can take place of friends acquired in the job. Since part time job benefit us in many aspects, we had better put our schedule in good state, and make full use of a proper part time job.

 I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, college students have grown up to be adults, having a part time job means that they can make money to support themselves. Although the money is just part of their living expense; it is a symbol of independence. So I think it is necessary. Besides, during the process, they will get more experience, which can improve their poor social knowledge. And they have to meet kinds of people including the kind and the bad, the young and the old. Then they are sure to know what means communication and cooperation. They aren't the center in the society any more, which is not the same as living at home. They'll learn tolerance and acceptance gradually. What's more, they can acknowledge teamwork deeply. And teamwork is what they must face after they graduate. What's more, they can know their disadvantages only if they have done work actually. They will try to use what they learn in practice, and transform the theory to reality gradually. Certainly, there is a premise that part time job shouldn't affect their study. In a word, I am in favor that it is important for college students to have a part time job.

Nowadays, more and more college students choose to do a part time job which receives lots of public attention. An argument about whether college students should do it has been involved in many talks among teachers, parents and some educational institutions. And as far as I am concerned, in spite of some particular examples, there are some benefits college students can earn when doing a part time job. As to students themselves, it is a necessary challenge that college students should meet to do more practice in the real society, to sharp our abilities in the fierce competition, and to acquire more experience in the comparison with others. All of these may finally attach great importance to our future success whenever looking for our career or applying for further study. Besides, compared with high school students, college students would have more spare time. There are always some students addicted to computer games who are surely able to choose a part time job which will get more benefits. And as to the society, the participation of college students may bring in lively factors to the force market. The passion and energy that college students show will force others to be more active which may eventually promote the producing efficiency. And what's more, the pay of college students is much lower which means the company will save more costs and at the same time bring more profits. Since there are so many benefits, why not find a part time job right now? Carried with courage, confidence and passion, we should catch the opportunity to take a training lesson. Don't hesitate and just do it. Although some difficulties may block your way, that's where the treasure hides.

First of all, let's check out why students do part time jobs. There are three main reasons that could firmly account for this phenomena. First, more and more students want to be economically independent and PTJ is a perfect way. Second, students can learn a lot which they shall never learn in class from PTJ. Third, the whole society is gradually admitting college students as its capable modernist, which provides more opportunities to college students. Of course, each coin has two sides. Some people argue that PTJ may cost a student a lot. A lot of students can't fully concentrate on their studies since they take PTJ and then their grades fall sharply   which is not good in the long term. In my opinion, there is a balance between study and work. Students in college may get a lot of free time and PTJ is ok for a college student as long as he or she gets a good hang of using free time. Everyone shall get their own job, why not get used to it when you are young?

Nowadays, part time job play a big role in college students life. I firmly think that it is essential to do part time job for us college students. To begin with, it can enlarge our horizon that we do a part time. When we communicate with social people in the work, not only can we learn a lot of technique skills, but we can also get to know more information from the society, which we can not learn in our school. On the other hand, we almost learn all of our knowledge in the class but have not put it into exercise. It is part time job that can teach us to us use the knowledge more effectively in our life. Last but not least, doing a job can make us aware of how to earn money and how hard it is to earn even one cent. Doing a job will cultivate our economical life style, which will leave a deep impression to us who have been taken care of since we were babies. To sum up, even if part time job may be hard to us, it is a perfect way to make us mature and close to the society.

 I don't think it is important for college students to have a part time job. No matter how good it is to take a part time job for a college student, his first duty is study. Someone think that they can learn more knowledge in a part time job, but not everyone can pay the time and energy. I strongly believe only the students who have the ability to do well in their class can have a part time job. For most college student, it is not an easy thing to grasp all the knowledge that they must know. If these students just think have a part time is important and use up their time to do the job, how can they to be good students? Having a part time job just like a lesson which you can take if you are full of energy, but it is not important for college students. It can teach you something you can't learn from our books, but it can also fill your heart with something like anger, hatred and so on. To early to have a job, even a part time job, has no good for a student. Even most college students has been adult, they are too young to have a real job. To make a long story short, I think it is not important for college students to have a part time job.

For what reasons do we go in to university? Some students are gifted talents in science, and they love academic research out of nature and want to spend their life in this honorable thing. But for most of us, we go to schools because we want a promising future. Because of this motivation, we come to university for higher education, to prepare for our coming career. So, if we want to learn some survival skills in college, then it is important for us to take a part time job outside the campus. Here are some reasons below. First and foremost, what we learn in schools are just some theories. Only after we apply them in social practice can we properly handle them. So part time job will help us enhance our college performance. As for me, a student with major in finance, I really want an internship of famous accounting companies, like the winter internship of ****. After working in such a company, I would have a better idea of what I am interesting in and what is needed much attention in my study process. Secondly, doing part time job will provide one with better preparation in his future career and make him more competent in the job interviewing. Companies would always like applicant with professional experience. It is because the part time job would not only equip him with professional knowledge, but also make him more mature and more dependable. In conclusion, a part time job is much meaningful to a student who wants to make advanced preparation for career. The part time job will enhance his academic performance and expand the professional experience as well.

 Whether college students should do part time job? really puzzles many socialists, college teachers and students as well. For me, I truly support the idea that college students should do some part time jobs. And here are some reasons below. Being a college student, we shouldn't spend all his time studying like a middle school student. Although study is a very important part in college life, gaining some social experience is also essential. We can join a lot of societies or students' organizations; do some volunteer work or some part time jobs. Doing a part time job not only makes you earn some pocket money and enrich social experience but also helps you to make progress all the time and form good habits such as time keeping, being responsible and saving money after your hardworking. Many college students will go to work after graduation. So it is absolutely an advantage if you have some working experience when you apply for a job than others. And nowadays social and working experience is required in many job applications. And I do think it important to find fun or curiosities when doing part time job otherwise you will frustrate and give up halfway easily. In the end, doing a part time job is good for us in most part. And I sincerely hope that each college student can lead a meaningful and colorful college life.

 Absolutely, it is necessary. There are many advantages for us who take part time jobs. First of all, as a college student, we do not have any income. So a part time job can bring us more freedom on shopping on our own. For example, a friend of mine is on a work study programme, every month she gets one hundred and fifty Yuan. As a result, she can use her own money to buy her favourite things or things she needs. What is more, she feels happy when she uses the money which comes from her own labour. Second, a part time job can bring us working experience, which we merely have but all companies attach importance to. It is also the most important reason. There are more and more college students every year hunting for jobs. Companies value working experience specially. So it is more and more essential to gain more experience. Last, we can grow up through a part time job. If we meet difficulties, we must learn how to solve them. That is a process of growing, too. As the old saying goes "No pains, no gains". By taking part time jobs, college students can learn a lot that cannot exist on textbooks or classroom. As college students take more part time jobs, they have a better chance to know what the society is like, and adapt to the shift in society easily. According to all these reasons, we can draw a conclusion that part time job is necessary for college students. It is obvious that college students can benefit great from part time jobs.

 From my viewpoint, this topic is quite reasonable. As a college student, it is important for he or she to learn the knowledge and skills which usually taught in the society. Though our university provides some access to take part in various activities, making us get to know something different in everyday learning, it is proved to be far from enough. For example, we often hear the news like that lots of graduates cannot find the proper job because of lacking experience or having a wrong attitude towards work. Suppose a graduate had taken a part time job before, he or she will be much more competitive definitely. Secondly, once a college student takes a part time job, it often forces he or she to be more independent. In this era, students depend a lot on their parents. However, colleges are usually regarded as proper places to improve the ability of independence, in that way, a part time job may help a student to be independent in finance. I have to acknowledge a problem doubt by many people that taking a part time will hog a lot of time used for studying, however, as a college student, I can responsibility say that one student in the college absolutely can spare enough time for working. In a word, taking a part job in college will greatly help a student in many aspects.

 Having part time jobs is a common phenomenon among college students nowadays. In my opinion, doing part time jobs is a good way to live a meaningful life in the university. Doing part time jobs can help us adapt to society earlier and lay the foundation of working after graduation. Besides, we can gain working experience and reduce the finance burden of our parents. We may strengthen our sense of responsibility and be stronger in the face of setbacks and know how to handle interpersonal relationships. There are also other benefits, such as improving social skills and our own quality and enrich our lives. Although it's meaningful for us to do part time jobs, we cannot find part time jobs blindly. When we find a part time job, we need to take the time and our own interest into account. We should clearly recognize that we are still students now even though we have become adults. So we must do part time jobs under the premise of ensuring our studies. Whether to find a part time job and the number of jobs depend on our own situation. If you have enough time, doing part time jobs is surely a better choice than playing computer games. If you have a part time job, cherish the opportunity and enjoy yourself, you will benefit from it a lot.

 As the developing of the society and the increasing of the number of the high school students, more and more high school students begin to take a part time job. Many people think students shouldn't take part time job. But in my opinion, part time job is necessary. There are many high school students whose families are below the poverty line. Their parents can't pay their school fee. If they don't take part time job, they can't go to college. So part time job is necessary for them. Not only money can part time job provide, but also can provide much experience which we can't learn in classroom. Now in our society, many college students can only study. They even don't know how to live. Part time job is right for them to get the experience to live and to work. Taking part time job can also let us know how hard that our parents bring up us. And let us more respect our parents. Taking part time job can lighten our parents' burden, can provide us with much experience and also can let us more respect our parents. So I think part time job is necessary.

College is a place for our youth to get knowledge and also to get more social experience. When we graduate we also need learning, I think the college is to educate people learning all your life, and learning even you are very busy. When we get into the society, we must to work, at the same time, we should keep learning. How to do the two things at the limited time, how to schedule your time. It's more important that the knowledge your learn. Do the part time job is very good way to help you scheduling the time. We go to college at the age 18 or 19, it's a special time. 18 means you are an adult. You must be learn to support yourself and know how to earn your live. You can't be a children hoping your parents' supply. Do the part job, the salary may not enough for you, but at least you know, you should do well now, for your future and your family. So I think it's important for college people to have a part time job. It's a useful thing to make our teenagers grow up well.

 It is a factor that as a college student, we are not working. But are we lack of money? The answer must be no to a huge number of students. Yes, we are using our parent's money, they are glad to give us money, and we are happy to accept it, both of us take this phenomenon for granted. But, the money that comes from our parents isn't our own money. As for me, I will feel guilty if I waste money that comes from my parents, I will feel very uncomfortable if I use that money to buy presents for my friends, even if my parents agree me to do so. Many students will ask: if you don't use your parent's money, who are they earning money for? Why are they working so hard to earn money? Will their efforts be in vain if you don't accept their money? it may be right to some scale. However, if your parents don't have the ability to earn money? In fact, as a college student, we have the ability to earn money, why don't we do that? College life will be dreary if we don't make full use of our spare time. So, why not try to take a part time job? Taking a part time job can enlarge our knowledge of the society, and at the same time, we are making preparation for our future job. Therefore, I think it important for us college students to have a part time job.

A serious problem has arisen in recent several years that more and more college students abandon study because of their taking part time jobs, so quite a few people are opposed to part time jobs. However, taking part time jobs has more benefits than its shortcoming for college students in my points. Firstly, students can promote their study through part time jobs. For instance, If a law student finds a part time job in a law firm, his practice will enable him to better understand what he's learned from books. What's more, the part time job can offer him opportunities to go beyond what he's been taught in class, and he'll learn something that doesn't exist in books but in practice. Secondly, students can also accumulate work experiences through part time jobs, which will benefit their future job hunting. Actually, part time jobs act as warm up exercises for students to take full time jobs after they graduate, and help them prepare for their future careers. Besides, as fresh blood of the society, graduated students are often fall in job hunting markets for lack of practical work experiences, but part time jobs can solve these problems easily. Last but not least, part time jobs can partly relieve students' financial burden, especially those who are from poor families. A fact we can not deny is that the cost of finishing college have greatly increased in the past time. Many students from poor families cannot afford college fees, and our bank system fail to loan college students as effectively as it does in developed countries, so taking part time jobs becomes a way for them to meet their great expenses in campus lives. It's an indisputable fact that students break the balance between their jobs and studies, especially when they fall into conflict with each other. So I think students should spend their spare time taking part time jobs. Only following this way can they benefit from their spare time mostly.

 In my opinion, part time job is really good for the development of college students. Is can help college students is many ways. Firstly, part time job is a important way to built up our social skill. By doing part time job, we have to face this complicated world, we have to work with all kinds of people, we have to communicate with all kinds of people. These things force us to practise our social skill. Eventually, our social skill will be developed. Besides, part time job can offer us some social and work experience which is significant when we are look for jobs. Secondly, part time job can bring us some bonus money. The money is so important to those students who is not so rich. The money that from part time job could release the burden of their parents in some degree. Furthermore, part time job will make students more confident. By doing hard job, students will get the salary. The salary is the symbol of the their hard job. It can be seen as the attestation of their ability and intelligence. From the job, students will get the feeling of confidence. Thirdly, by doing part time job, college students will be more frugal. Because they will learn that it is not easy to earn money. Every buck may means a long time of hard work. For those students who waste money, doing part time job can be a good way to help them. Part time job is really a good way to help us.

It is not rare to see college students taking part time jobs nowadays. Obviously, as the independence of college students becomes more and more important, part time job are turning essential. So despite its certain drawbacks and defects, I do strongly agree that college student should have a part time job. My reasons will be discussed further in the following paragraphs. First of all, from a personal and psychological perspective, it is widely acknowledged that doing part time jobs will do help to the development of college students. College experience is undoubtedly a treasure of our whole life, but beside academic achievement, we should also pursue the developments of our social ability. Taken one of my own experience for instance. Although I am just a freshman in college, I got a part time job as a tutor last semester. While working as a tutor of a high school student, I realized that teaching some one also means being responsible for him. It is not the income but the experience itself that drove me along the way. Through this part time job, I sensed that my communicating skill and the ability to manage my schedule has reached a high standard. So it is important for us college students to have a part time job. It might also be noted that getting a part time job is more economic for college students. When we entered university, it does not only another period of education but also means that we are grown ups who should at least, be partially independent on economy. Since we still have to perfect our knowledge our skills that will be useful in the future, it is quite impossible for us to get a full time job. Due to what mentioned, I think part time job is a suitable choice. In a word, although doing part time jobs will take up students' time, its advantages on further development and economic independence can not be neglected. So I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job.

 Nowadays, more and more university students start to do a part time job. Should we do a part time job in our university life? People have a discussion about this phenomenon. Is it important for university students to do a part time job? In my opinion, this point is right, because doing a part time job has some benefits. First, I think in the university we learned things which is just about our profession. So it is very narrow. We should learn other knowledge from doing a part time job. Second, they can get some cash, they can not ask to their parents for money. This way can solve some economical problems. Thirdly, in a survey about what can you describe about you university life? 60% students said they did not know what should they do, they had many time but they did nothing once. They wasted a lot of time. So they could do a part time job so that they can level up the experience. We are in great times, then we must do something in order to become a real person in the society. Besides, in our future life we can know about the advantages. So it is a good choose to do a part time job.

I am in favor of the topic that it is important for college students to have a part time job. My reasons are as follows. First, nowadays many college students have little knowledge on social living skills during to the one child policy, so even though they are riched in textbook knowledge they won't adjust to the real future society. Part time job is a good choice to solve it, it can teach them how to deal with various problems when they are working with others. Second, during part time job, students will work on their on their own and be paid according to how much they have done, so they will understand how hard money comes and be more grateful for what they have. Third, on the period of working, college students will make known of many people, they work together, eat together and may even play toghther, they will achieve more happiness during working and their lives will be enriched. Part time jobs have a lot of advantages that be good for us students. However, part time job isn't the only way that can achieve these. We students can take more activities, join more organizations and do more meaningful things. On this way, I believe we college students will have a bright future.

Many college students spend their free time in doing part time jobs. And it has also become a kind of fashion. I think students do part time jobs mainly for three reasons. First, some students do part time jobs for money so that their material demand can be satisfied better. In this case, I don't think part time job is necessary for students who already have a high living standard. To those students, part time jobs may stimulate their desire for material things, and may ruin their study eventually. However, a proper part time job will be good for students whose families are not wealthy enough to support them. I believe making money by themselves will make them feel good, and they may live a better life. Social experience is another reason. As we all know that most of us will face to the social after our graduation. By that time, it'll be hard for us to make a live only depend on what we've learnt in school. That is to say, social experience is also very important. We should know how this society works and how to meet the demand of the society. In this case, doing part time jobs is a good way to learn about the society. By working with people outside school, students can gain a lot of social experience, which will lay a great impact on their future. There are also some students do part time jobs only because they are interested in it. What they care about is not their pay but the fun they get during the part time job. I think they should be encouraged if they really enjoy their part time jobs. They can having fun, and even prove themselves. All in all, I think part job should be encouraged as long as students' study is not affected by it. To those students who have spare time, doing part time jobs is no doubt a good opportunity to learn something that can't be taught in campus.

 In my view, part time job is necessary for college students. As we all know, in western countries, many young people who are 18 years old leave their home to live on their own. While they are studying in college, they make a living by doing part time jobs. The results are that these people are very independent and it is easier for them to make something of themselves in their lives. In China, many college students have realized this and they can make some money. Though it may not be enough to cover their living expense, it can alleviate their parents' burden which is very important. As for themselves, from part time jobs, they can gain much working experience which may be useful in their future jobs. For example, they can learn to deal with other workmates and get along well with them. If he can make some faithful friends, it is good for his future. From part time job, he may know about the hardship of working. Thus on one hand, he may have a strong will to study well and find a good job in the future. On the other hand, when he leave university to devote himself to his work, he may find it is easier for him to adjust to the hard work. In one word, part time job is necessary for college students and we can learn a lot from it which may be very useful for our future.

 Well, I don't think having a part time job is necessary for a college student. But it should be extremely helpful for college students. Different people may have lives, so for some student he or she will be suit for a part time job or not. Namely, part time job is not necessary for everyone, though it may be welcome to some students. What influences a student's decision on doing a part time job is consist of family background financial situation education environment and personal college plans. For someone who was born in a rich family, doesn't lack money and is showered by academic voices, what he needs to do is get higher degrees, higher scores and more knowledge. If he chooses to do a part time job, it may get in the way of his study. On the contrary, for a person from a poor family or who plans to struggle in the society, learning how to survive is more necessary. Ability skills and relationship are more important for this type of person. In that case, having a part time job may be a better choice. All in all, as we see, something may have two sides.

It's quite normal for college students to take one or more part time job when they are on campus. It is a way for them to earn some extra pocket money and buy something that they want but can't get money from parents. There are various kinds of part time jobs available to college students invilving washing dishes at restaurants, being waiters or waitresses, tutors and some even can programme for software companies if they know how to write programmes. Despite all these advantages some consider it to be a time comsuming thing for college students who also have a great deal of courses to take. They reckon that the time we trade for money now is far less important than the time should be spent on study thus resulting in a better job in the future which means more money earned. For those who take part time jobs at college, they think that the experence of taking part time jobs is a valubale advantage over those who do not have the experence of working with peaple, experencing what it really feels to deal with the stress at work or with colleagues. Here comes the comclusion, taking part time job means extra money and experence of working but less study time. So, if your courses allows you to spair some time to take a part time job, my advice is that why no give it a try.

As a college student, he is no longer the child he has ever been. We can't always depend on our parents, it is the time that we should do something to make a living by ourselves. Maybe we are still out of the ability to maintain our own living, but we at least should have a try. Most of us may choose waiter as our part time job during our vocation or even at weekends for its convenience. It's great, as a waiter you can touch many different kinds of people, increasing your experience which can't be provided by the college. Furthermore, what we should learn during our college period is not only the knowledge from the book, but the skill to cooperate with others and the method to enter the society. Part time job gives you a chance to touch the hardness and the stress of the social life which can give you some directions on the way of your life. Most of us are the only child in our family, we don't pay much attention to the importance of the money since our childhood. Part time job can teach us how hard it is to make money, I think nobody can do better than it in this area. In brief, I think It is important for college students to have a part time job.

Part time job is said to be quite simple in some western countries. However, in China where the convention is that students shouldn't be involved in any thing but learning and studying, there is no environment for students to get a part time job. Furthermore, we have to think about why students should do part time job and what can doing part time job bring us, college students. The views of people who support doing part time job is that through doing part time job students can touch the society deeper and feel the invisible rules of adult world in person. Sometimes the income is another reason. Personally, the income can be ignored at most of conventions. When college students go out to do part time job, we can earn no more than 50 per hour. The average is just 20 per hour. Even the truth and our work can slightly impress us the real value of money and make us more grateful, it can not worth our time spending on it. Our college offers us abundant resource and we have no reason to sacrifice our opportunity of using these to do the part time job. In one word, the major mission for student is only studying.

Nowadays, more and more college students are fond of finding a part time job in their spare time. Since I graduated from high school entered university, I have found we usually have so much spare time after finishing homework and reviewing the books. Unfortunately most of college students are used to spending their valuable young time in playing computer games, watching TV and other things. Of course, there are a few students still working hard at their study. On the whole, if we can't grab the gold time we may miss the best opportunity in our life. What we can do in our spare time? There are so many choices we can do. Such as do something we are interested in and good for us, taking part in some voluntary activities and so on. But I think what most of us will choose is a part time job. Some sorts of part time jobs can help us learn more about native custom and lifestyle, such as a home teacher. Because when we go to native a family to help a middle school student, we will get a chance to communicate with the family member, by this, to some degree. help us to learn about their life. Another good way is to find a job that is connected with our major. Thus we can review our knowledge and master it more firmly. The most important is we can form our interest in our major. By doing a part time job, we even can lower our family's load and make us more independent. So I think doing a part time job is so good for us.

 Nowadays more and more part time jobs turn up. And the jobs have enormous attraction to college students. As a result, to take a part time job seems to have become a fashion in college. Of course there are many people Those who support students to take part time jobs have their accounts. For instance, they think students can put their knowledge leant in class into practice, and though this process they can know whether their comprehension to the very thing is right and obtain some new knowledge that they can't learn from class. In addition some students come from poor families need to take part time jobs to earn money or they may have to stop their schooling, which is really a pity. Yes, there are many advantages of part time jobs, but as the saying goes, every coin has two sides. As some people say, taking a part job costs too much time which should be used to study. In that case, students' study would surely be influenced. That is not worth the candle. In my opinion, the advantages of taking a part time job outweigh the disadvantages. Apart from the reasons above, I think we can improve our ability through this process and adapt to the society better.

Nowadays, more and more students tend to look for a part time job to do. Those students do most are teachers, workers, waiters and etc. These jobs always cost little time but count a lot. But for what is there such a tendency for university students to do it? As far as I am concerned, some students are not so rich so they want to earn some money to ease family's burden, some students may be eager to living on their own so that they can experience what the life is and imagine what it will be, the rest must want to earn more skills and gain more experience to win the competition in the future. As the economic crisis affects more and more countries, finding a good job become more and more difficult. So it is vital to make ourselves more and more skillful, part time job is a great choice. I cannot agree more. As for me,. I want to find a part time job this summer vocation. I want to understand the society better and find what parents have had when bringing me up. Also, I can earn money to buy something for them. for their birthday.

 In my opinion, part time work has become more and more necessary for college students in recent years. And it has been a trend to take on a part time job for college students. As we all know, everyone wants his college life to be full of colors and part time work is one of those important colors. College life should not only be about study and activities but also conclude chances to walk into our society. Of course, there is no doubt that part time work is a precious opportunity to walk out the campus to learn more about our society for college students. Only by part time work can they get more precious experience which will be useful for them to find jobs after graduating. Besides, for some students coming form poor families the earned money can help them complete their college study. Moreover they can prove themselves by doing part time work very well and become much more confident so that there will be more passion for them to study, work and live. As a result, college life will also become more colorful. To sum up, it is necessary for college students to spend some spare time doing some part time work instead of some meaningless things like computer games.

Is it important for college students to get a part time job? When entering college, we find that there are many chances to get a part time job. Some are simple like waiters, and some are more professional like tutors. In my opinion, for students who have difficulty to pay for their tuition fee it is surely important; but for the others, it may not be important. Firstly, learning in college is not as relaxing as people describe. We need much time to obtain knowledge include both in major and in common. When we get a part time job, we must reduce our learning time to work, thus causing a lack of time to study. On one hand, some students' score fall, and some students even fail in the exam. On the other hand, students are always busy in both sides, and always lack of sleep and relax. According to a survey, almost every student who has a part time job has difficulty balancing their learning and working time, and some admit that the job surely has bad impact on their study. In addition, we can find these jobs are simple and mechanical instead of challenging and fun said by others. That means, we may give our precious time and labour force to the boss, but not really get improved through doing these jobs. If we spend the time and energy on our campus life, we may learn more things, not only essential knowledge but also live experience. As college students, we should know that our duty is to gain more academic knowledge and make a difference in our field. So, a part time job is not as important as that. Only when we become an excellent graduate from college, can we find a real good job and improve ourselves in society.

One of the differences of college and middle school is the high fees. That means some of us may try to make money their own during college. But is it necessary? I think teenagers as we are don't have the ability to differ bad eggs from the goods. What's more, part time jobs may take away our study times and drive away our attention. That may not worth the candle. So I think part time job isn't necessary for college students. I have ever seen a story on newspaper which shows disadvantages about part time jobs. Xiaoming was once a hard working boy who always buries himself into study. But when he tried part time jobs for just once, he saw the great economical receipts from it. He got off of class more and more frequently to do part time jobs, so he can get much money which makes his life in college more satisfying. At the same time, his performance on class was worse and he also had less attendances. So when the final tests coming, he couldn't figure it out as well as he once could. And get a low score more than he could ever think. According to Xiaoming's sorrow story, we should know that even through money is important; it is not everything we should run after during the precious college time. There are other significant things we could do, too. Moreover, our college students are not mature somehow, and it can't be avoided to be treated by some experienced ones, some of whom may not be kind, too. So it may not be safe, if we take part time jobs without enough cautious. All in all, I think it is not necessary to do part time jobs for college students. For we should grab the opportunities to study hard, for we can take part time jobs when grow up, but it is not easy to have another teenage after old.

 Recently, the topic on part time job has been brought into focus and the voices from different people vary from each other. Some reckon that part time job is necessary for college students while other people consider not. To my mind, part time job is of great necessity though it may bring some inconvenience and clashes. To begin with, I think, part time job can enrich our daily life. Since we have courses in weekdays, spending the weekends in doing part time job instead of wasting time should be appreciated. Moreover, as is known to us all, college students should maintain some work experience, to some degree, and doing part time job is a pretty fancy way to enrich students' work experience. Thirdly, we can get some extra money just by doing part time jobs, which gives us both the happiness of striving and the hardship of working. In other words, we can not only get money but also gain the mental fortune. On the other side, however, the part time job may cost us some time but we should not throw away a superb rose just because of its prickles. So at last I emphasize that part time job is very necessary for college students.

 At present, it becomes a trend that college students go in for part time jobs in their spare time. As far as I am concerned, it's important for us to do proper part time jobs. Entering college means the first time to be really individual to most students. And after all we will sooner or later walk into the real society and face many challenges alone. Definitely, while in college, it's quite a good opportunity to enhance our ability to cope with many difficulties that we probably come across later. For example, how to deal with the interpersonal relationship properly how to face the huge tasks that your boss set and above all how can we be confident. Doing part time jobs can make us know more about the society and teach us how to be engaged in it. It is the golden time to learn new things at this age, especially this process of learning is like bury the seeds from which we can harvest a lot in four years when we formally enter the society. On the other hand, doing part time jobs can teach students a very important lesson, namely how to make money and how hard to make money. For a long period, most student may have been accustomed to asking money from their parents. It cannot do any help to shape a correct attitude toward money. Whereas, part time jobs can solve the problem. Through the work, students know it impressively that No pains, no gains. And they can also enjoy their own gains. Seeing their own efforts paid off, it must be a great joy. So, from where I stand, it is quite important for college students to do part time jobs, which is of great help to their life, both present and future.

 Nowadays many college students want to have a part time job. The tendency is becoming more and more popular. Some people approve of this because they think it is a good chance to improve their ability. But other students don't agree on it. They find that if they spend their time on doing a job, they can't focus on their study. It's just a waste of time. In my opinion, although there are both advantages and disadvantages in finding a part time job for college students, I still believe it is important for college students to have a part time job. First, it can truly improve our ability. As we all know, the knowledge we have already learned from schools is very limited. And the society is also a school. So learning from the society can also improve us. Second, we can get some reward from the job. Although the amount can be very little, we can learn that No pains, no gains. The little reward can also help us to understand the hardness of doing a job and form a good habit of saving money. Third, we can also feel the importance of study. In addition, as to the problem of wasting time, I believe that it depends on different people. But if we arrange time properly, doing a part time job will not have a great influence on our study. In one word, it is important for college students to have a part time job.

 Now more and more college students feel like getting a part time job, some even being proud of using his or her money owned from part time job. Others are eager to develop the ability needed in possible future work. Still others who have no clear purpose don't want to be different from the students as a part time worker, so they join them. It's important for college students to have a part time job, however, not necessary. Suppose a student, whose family is able to afford the study, is determined to hold the Doctor degree, he should concentrate on the study, paying little attention to something else. Generally speaking, having a part time job is important. Part time jobs offer students chances to go out of campus, knowing more about the society and also, provide college students with the plat form to show and develop their ability in a further step. Part time jobs, to some degree, enable college students to make full use of their time, preventing them from addicting to something else, for example, the online game. In the same time, students can experience the coming life in advance and for most ones, will own the first income. Even themselves can't describe the feeling when they get the small sum of money in common. Part time job is indeed important for college students.

I hold the view that part time job is not necessary for college students. Above all, taking a part time job will undoubtedly occupy a lot of time which should be spent on study, leading to a negative effect on our major mission, study. Take my classmate ****** for example. He take a part time job as a guard out of curiousity. At first, he was fond of it. However, with the increase of classes, he discovered that he had to set aside too much time for the part time job decreasing his study quality. Now, he wanted to get rid of it. So it is concluded that taking a part time job is bad to our study. However, some of my friends hold the view that it is necessary for college students take part time job for the reason that it is not only a good way of increasing our income but also good experience. Nevertheless, I disagree with it. First, a college student has to spend 500 RMB per month. Taking a part time job can only bring 50 RMB per month. It is not worth of spending so much time. Secondly, we should acquire in college is kowledge not work experience. After graduate, we have a lot of time to get work experience and little time to study. It is obvious that it is better to study now and take a job in the future. So, the opinion that part time job is necessary for college students is wrong. In short, I believe that part time job is not necessary for college students.

I think that for college students, part time job does play a important role in college life. And this can be concluded from three parts. The first one is experience. University is quite different from high school. I think the two main points are studying freely and being closer to society. In this reason, we need find more ways to approach to the society. Part time job can just take on this task. We can see that when we take part time job, no matter you wash dishes or do as a tutor, you are working like a society member in fact. You work in other workers'way, get paid like other workers. From the beginning to the end, you can receive the experience of worker different from the life you get used in school. If you have the work experience before you graduate, you can overcome the work barrier easily comparing to those who don't. Ability is another award from part time job. There is no doubt that we almost lose the ability to make conversation with others effectively since we just focus on study in high school. As a result, we should exercise this ability as soon as possible. Part time job can also provide this chance for you to improve your skill to talk with others. For instance, you can not avoid talking with your boss, your partner and you consumer. In this case, you can exercise talking ability without difficult. Last but not least, part time job is fun. You can image the huge happiness you will get when you are get paid the first time. No matter what you do, from the library assistant to dormitory protector, you will make a lot of true friends because of working together. I think it is really fun when you make one and one new friend and fight with them. It may be hard, but the happiness is bigger, isn't it?

Now many college students want to have a part time job. But is it important for them to do a part time job? Some people may think it is vital for them to know more about the society. However, in my opinion, I don't agree with this. I think it is not quite important. Firstly, the reason that so many students want to do the part time job may be is just that they want to make money by themselves and have more experience. They may work in some fast food restaurant. And the pay is not very high. The part time job can occupy a lot of their time. So it is not good for their study. Some jobs may ask them to work at night and it is harmful to their health. Secondly, as a college student, the major of the duties is to learn the knowledge. Actually, most of the college students have no special ability or techniques, so their jobs mostly are likely to be waiters or something else that can't help them to improve their professional skills. Thirdly, because the jobs are not close to their professional knowledge and the jobs are somewhat tired and the payis low, they maybe lose heart. In fact, a lot of universities have provided students with many chances to take part in practice. The practice not only won't occupy a lot of time, but also give students enough experience. In short, if one has a lot of free time, he or she can do a part time job. But it is not important or necessary for college students to do it.

 In my point of view, part time job is a necessity for college students. It is estimated that 30% of the college students have done a part time job. It will bring us quite a few benefits. First of all, earning money is the primary aim of most people. It can release the financial burden of our parents and even make our college life more comfortable. Secondly, the experience it gives us is quite valuable and precious. Once you have experienced the bitterness that few people have, you would have more understandings of life, study, and what we want to achieve. Surly we will be strong enough to face the challenges. We all know that one day we will inevitably step into society and find a suitable job for ourselves. But, how to cooperate with the colleagues? How to work better? How to get along well with the employer? There are many rules and principles that we can't get in class. And if we learn them now, we will have advantages. Of course, we had better look for a part time job in spare time, but only on condition that we have managed our courses. The grade should be our top concern. In a word, there are a lot of benefits of doing a part time job, and we are supposed to arrange learning and doing jobs correctly.

 As college students, we have a lot of spare time after classes. So some students tend to do some part time jobs which both have advantages and disadvantages. In my opinion, it is not necessary for every student to do part time jobs in his spare time. Just as what I have said, a proper part time job can benefit a college student a lot. First, it is a good opportunity for college students to learn more about the society. So after their graduation, when they come into the society for the first time, they won't feel nervous or upset. Second, we can learn a lot of specific skills which is useful for us to find a good job after graduation. What's more, doing a part time job means that we can earn money by ourselves. We are adults. We can make a living by our own hands. Obviously, to a man who is ambitious and can control himself well, a part time job benefits a lot. However, a part job can also have bad effects on our studies. Take a friend of mine as an example. After a few weeks' study in the college, he thought the college life is easy and free which meant he could do something more challenging. Then, he found a part time job. It really occupied a large part of his time. At first, he was so interested in it. Little by little, he felt tired and wanted to give it up. He became impatient and spent less time on his study. At the final term examination, he failed to pass the math test which means he would have to study it again in grade two. So in my opinion, we should be more careful when we decide to get a part time job. If we can arrange our time well, a part time job is no doubt a way to improve ourselves. If not, we should think it over when we do the final decision.

Long time ago, part time was just a way for poor students to get extra earnings. In this way, they can reduce their family's press of preparing for such many fees. But then, looking westwards, we can find nearly every teenager has a part time job, even when they are kids or in the kid gardens. Western parents trained their children in this way, and we find it acts out well, kids overseas can be more competitive than Eastern kids, they can talk, perform, and do things all by themselves, but as to eastern kids, growing up in the green house, always become a failure in the competition. Thus, as to college students, part time job is a marvelous way to appeal to society and gain more abilities. In this way, they can stand on a stage and show that they are promising. Especially nowadays, it's hard to train a new comer in this field than to hire a experienced one, so when every company cares about your experience, and of course college students don't have, what can they do? Then the experiences of part time job become important. So, as there are still so many laid offs at present, what can we do to find a steady bow? Find a part time job. In order to find a part time job, we also need to know what we want, what we want to get in this part time job, find a good one and share it with your parents, and they will be pleased to find that you have really grown up. Part time job is also a good way for governors to deal with many problems, for example, as there are few IPO in China, college students may be the main power to improve its development. It is a large stage with opportunities for college students. Part time Job is necessary for college students, not only for themselves, but also for society doesn't any kids, it just needs grown ups.

Nowadays many college students choose to take a part time job for the purpose of obtaining more social skills. I really agree with them. Firstly and most importantly, the student will join the social competition sooner or later., but what they learned in school is just the professional knowledge, which is just made up small part of their social lives. It's the abundance of social activities that make interviewers deny their ability,. But if they have the experience of working outside, situation will totally change. They will know how to communicate with leaders, as well as with workmates and with customers. The perfect connection with people around will help a lot, no matter on the process of searching aid or struggling for more payment. And most college students will search a part time job that is connected tightly with their specialized subjects. And no one would miss the chance to apply their knowledge into the processions. And the application means a good review. So instead of having a bad influence on their study, they can improve learning their level easily. There is one important reason for supporting the part time job that can't be neglected. The lacking of time makes them become a well organized man. Their schedule is full. So the person will never have a opportunity to drown themselves in computer games. For the three reason above, I strongly support the fact that university students take a part time job. It's a chance rather than a waste of time. So I encourage all the college students to have a try on the part time.

I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, we are adults now. Most of us will take a job after graduating. If we have some working experience before we take a formal job, we will do the job better and live a better life. Secondly, the average age of college students' parents is more than forty five. If we have a part time job, we can lighten the pressure on our parents. Last but not least, going to college is to let us get more skills and experience and form good characteristics. Having a part time job can also help us in these. When you are criticized by your boss, you must be patient and take responsibilities for your fault. When your colleague say bad words behind you, you must keep calm and find where you are wrong. Some people will argue: What if college students who take a part time job failed in exam? Don't be frightened. The courses in college are not very heavy. We have lots of free time after school. We can also meet different kinds of people and make friends with them when we take a part time job. By the way, I feel really happy when I get the money for my first job. So, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.

I support the idea that it is important for college students to have a part time job. My reasons are as followed. First, when doing a part time job, college students will get to know how hard it is to make money. As a result, they will learn to save money and won't waste money on unnecessary things. In a long run, students will be able to save money all through their lives. I consider that it is very profitable for student's career. Second, students who get a part time job will be able to be accustomed to the society more quickly than those who don't. They will make fewer mistakes than others. So when searching for a job, students who used to have a part time job will be more competitive and there is more possibility for them to find a better job. Third, also the last one, students who used to get a part time job at college can deal with relationships better than those who don't. When working for a company, those students who can deal with relationship well will get more opportunities. This also promises a better life in future for them.. As mentioned above, I think that it is better for a college student to do a part time job.

Nowadays, there exist a great number of college students doing part time job during their free time. Some are for experience, and the others are for money actually. For me, my mother doesn't allow me to do that, she emphasizes again and again, 'we can provide you with absolutely enough money for, and just fix all of yourself on your major and your activities!' While I don't agree with this and I really want to do part time job after class. As far as I concerned, to begin with, it is strong tendency that college students kill their free time by hanging on internet, so having part time job to do can make us more active and make full use of our campus life. What's more, in my opinion, social life and campus life are totally different. A part time job can be a real and convenient way for us to touch the society while in campus, which avoids us being too puzzled and frustrated after graduating. Last but not the least, little is better than nothing. We will gain some money more or less so that we can treat ourselves while enjoying the satisfactory. So I agree it a pretty good idea to have a part time job when in college.

 In my eyes, part time job is necessary for college students. As a matter of a fact, the final goal of learning is to master certain skills and to utilize your skills to accomplish your work. So the benefits of doing part time job are evident. First, college students can acquire lots of experience which is quite essential when they are hunting for a job by doing part time job. At first, they may cannot adopt the from learning to working. Inevitably, it is common to make mistakes, from which you would learn how to improve the working ability. Second, as students, we seldom have the opportunity to know the society. Therefore, doing part time job is the first step when we are going to graduate from the university and enter the society. Third, you would receive your wages. Though the amount of money is not too much, it improves that you can earn money by yourself instead of asking your parents for money every month. Also, you can reduce the abandon of your parents in the economy. Two years ago, the rate of unemployment in college students is around 12 %. Nowadays, the situation of job hunting is still very serious. You have to do better than others, otherwise, you will face the danger of being out of employment. So doing part time job is necessary for college students.

 It is known to all that, in China, the man who can get a career must be 18 years old already. The age we get to university. So, can a college student do a part time job while studying? I believe that it is necessary. On the one hand, Chinese students are poor in social experience. When compared with other students, like American students, we always get higher grades in test, but do really bad when we both work in the same job. That's to say, Chinese students cannot make learning into using. The solution I think might be getting a part time job. In this way, not only do we get social experience, but also making some profits, and experiencing the life we outer to live in when we graduated. On the other hand, getting a part time job is not getting a real job. As part time jobs are costing our rest time, not the studying time, we could do a good part time job together with learning well. Of course, part time job must affect our daily study. But the affection can be positive. It makes us to use time more carefully that the job sometimes will replace doing homework on weekend. There are many famous people who live in poor family studied in college with one or more part time jobs. And they were success, like LincoIn. As a conclusion, I agree on having a part time job when we study in college. But everyone must put it in mind that we are students not workers, so studying is always the most significant thing in our life!

Nowadays, more and more college students are taking part time jobs, which is criticised by many people for affecting academic study to some degree. Despite the disadvantage, I still hold the view that college students benefit a lot more from this experience. To begin with, taking a part job helps college students make their first step into the real society. Every one ought to work for the society sooner or later. Early education equips us with primary knowledge while colleges act as a transition period, transforming us from students to social individuals. It's an appropriate and efficient way to aware us of the society and realize the transition. Besides, getting a job early helps us find what we really like. Look at Dell, one of the most successful businessmen in the world. He took up fixing computers during college, resulting in his leaving school and starting his own career. Jobs are what we are going to devote our whole lifetime to. Therefore, we should get prepared so as to choose one we are crazy about. In addition, working experience during college time adds to the possibility of being successfully signed by a prominent corporation. Take my sister as an example. With ample working experience in college, she was picked out from a pile of talented employees. When competing on the fierce employment battle, part time job experience is a powerful weapon. Opponents say that having a part time job may have a bad impact on one's academic grades. However, grade is not the single standard by which a person should be judged. It is the all round quality that really counts. To conclude, I stand at the back of getting a part time job during college. It is interesting, beneficial and worthwhile.

It has become a trend that more and more college students do part time job outside. In my points of view, it's totally necessary for college students to do part time job. First of all, doing part time job can help widen one's horizon. We has spent most of time on study for almost nine years. Little time do we have to see what things are like in social, not to say practicing our social skills. Therefore, we should go out and do part time job when we are in college, in which time we have less pressure in study. What we learn when doing part time job will definitely equip us well for the coming society. Doing part time job has more advantages than this. The time we should do part time job is relatively stationary. So we need not go outside time and time to find social work to do. What's more, we can get some money from doing the job, which will cease our parents' stress with money. These are the reasons why we should choose doing part time jobs instead of other social work during college time. All in all, doing part time job does lots of good for us. And college students should do part time job.

Though having a part time job can offer college students an attractive income and an opportunity to experience daily work, it is still not important for college students to have one. In my opinion, a college student's most important task is to study hard and have a better understanding of his major. But when he has a part time job, he has to put some of his energy, sometimes most, into it. We can imagine that if someone threw himself into a part time job, what will happen to his study. In the meantime, part time job itself has some problems. Sometimes if we get a part time job in an informal way, it will have some unknown risks: sometimes we cannot get paid, sometimes the job's hidden danger isn't told and we have to take risks to do it. As I know, to get some work experience is the most important reason why we have a part time job, but what can we truly get from it? Most part time jobs are boring and we cannot get anything from it. So why don't we just do some volunteer work instead of having a part time job to get work experience? It is much better. And we can have a freer schedule to deal with our study.

Is it important for college students to have a part time job? As I see, maybe the answer is "yes". Because the significance of part time job is very clear to see. Don't you believe? Ok, now, let me give you some in brief. As the first of it, the part time job is a job. So you can get reward if you do it carefully. Every time I get the salary in the end of month, I am always feeling so excited for it is exchanged with the sweat of mine. Don't think the money you earned is too little and isn't worth to mention. As I know, part time jobs for students are very worth for in fact you didn't create much value. And at the same time, you never spend much time on it. Meanwhile, you can get much experience from it. For example, as you work, you are gradually learning how to communicate with the boss and how to cooperate with other workers. More importantly, it's a very difficult getting chance to learn to deal with these problems you come across when you work. And for you are a student, anyone else will patiently teach you how to solve these problems. But when you really begin to work, no one will be willing to waste time to teach you. The last and the most important is that you can get into the society through this way. And then you will gradually to see the society through and try your best to adapt to it. Some time later, you will find the ability of society communicating has a great improvement. So, why we don't have a part time job right now?

Nowadays, more and more college students are told to do some part time jobs if they are free. I think it is very important for college students to do so. To do some part time jobs benefit college students a lot. College students can gain some social experience from part time jobs. In China, students are far isolated from the society. Growing up with too much homework to do, too many tests to past, students have little chance to gain social experience during the secondary schools, which is very important when they graduate. Part time jobs provide the chances. By doing some part time jobs, college students will know more about current conditions of the job and knowledge that can't learn from the books but the jobs. College students can get some abilities from part time jobs. A counter in the supermarket will be more careful and a salesman or salesgirl can learn to communicate with various people and be more patient. Each job requires abilities, which will help students become more and more excellent. What's more, students can get some money by doing part time jobs. It can not only lighten the burden of their parents but also make students more independent. Besides, they will learn the hard to get money so that they will be grateful to their parents and won't waste money. Study hard and do some part time jobs, then the campus life will be wonderful.

 Nowadays, a lot of students take part time job. I think it's somewhat significant for us. The main reason for taking a part time job is that we can get experience we need but still lack. We have been studied in school for more than ten years learning knowledge in art and science. But we hardly got knowledge of working and how the society and companies operate. Taking a part time job may force us to adapting to the environment we are in, that is, society and company staff. We can learn how to relate with seniors and with partners and what the condition of the company and people doing this kind of job is in. These experiences are not only useful in our future to get used to society quickly but also help you get the appreciation of employers so that helping to get a job you long for. So having had a part time job is an important chip in obtaining employment. Next, you can enrich your life after class. Many students only surf on the Internet charting and playing games. Some of them even get addicted to games and causes their absence for class. But if you have a part time job you won't have much time playing. In this way, getting a part time job really helps when avoiding oneself to games and useless chatting. But there are some tips you must know before taking a part time job. First, you should insure that the job is not contra to law and moral. Next, study is still your main task and do not let the job to cumber with your study. And you should also consider whether you are fit for the job and how the job affects your future.

 Being a student in university, we've to manage a large quantity of time rationally ourselves. Many students ride the wave to take part time job after their series of everyday courses, claiming that taking part time job not only values their leisure time but also earn them a good amount of pocket money. However, things don't usually go as what we imagine. Many of them focus more on the job but care less for their courses. As a result, they would fail to pass an exam while earning a good salary. Students work that way just cannot figure out what is more important between courses and part time job. First of all, our students' toughest and most important task is to learn lessons well and get professional knowledge. That is what comes out first as a student. Nevertheless, it is not that we ought not to take part time job, but we should strike a balance between courses and job. Truly, we do have plenty of free time at hand. Pick up a job which is fit for our routine. Maybe the job takes 2 hours in Sunday afternoon, which means it won't occupy the time we need to go over our lessons and put a finger on relevant research into our major. From my point of view, taking part time job is just a way of killing leisure time at hand. Since we are living in our lovely campus, we have more than enough joyous ways of spending time and creating a period of happy memory. If job isn't perfect, why not try another way. In short, let our part time job well value our leisure time.

Basically I am agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job and I will show you some reasons to back up my point of view. First of all, we college students are no more those little kids who can not distinguish the bad from the good in society or even can not care for themselves well. We just can't live our life with our parents protection and care forever. So it is the part time job that really gives us an opportunity to show our talent and burden responsibilities. Secondly, through the process of doing a part time job, not only can we learn how to deal with various people from the different parts of world but also we can understand the complex society more specifically and sharply rather than read all those meaningless books in school. A part time job can strengthen us greatly and then equip us with more practical knowledge to step into the world. Thirdly, we college students usually have more free time compared with the high school students so working outside will not affect our study greatly as long as we arrange our schedule appropriately. Lastly, we are already 18 years old and it's high time that we became less dependent of our parents and made some money to give them a little relief. Put the four pieces together, we can come to the conclusion that having a part time job is of great importance and benefit to the college students.

I agree with the point that it is important for college students to have a part time job. As you can see, many students in college do part time jobs, and what the real feeling of them is that they learned a lot when they do their part time jobs. College students live in school, in which they can just learn some theories. When they graduate from school, they know little about how to earn their living by themselves. They don't know how to use their knowledge in their work. So, it is important for college student to learn how to face to the individual life. Also, if college students try to do some part time work, they can also reduce some pressure of their parents. Most of college students are adults, they are supposed to afford their fare in their life. Maybe parents do not want you to do a part time job because they worry that you will be really tired if you do a extra job when you are busy to studying. But as a adult, college student must learn to balance them. What's more, college students have a lot of spare time, if we do some part time jobs, our spare time will be full of happiness. And it will urge us to study more efficiently. Because of the reason mentioned above, I think it is necessary for college students to have a part time job.

Many students now have part time jobs to earn some money. Some of them wash dishes at restaurants. Some teach children on weekends. They all do jobs in their spare time to earn money. On the one hand, they can really live better with more money. On the other hand, they don't have enough time to study. So part time job is not necessary for a student. Students need time to study, but part time jobs take over their spare time. Study is the most important job for a student, so one cannot give up time which should be spent in studying. If a student do part time job, he will lose more than what he earns. Part time jobs are not safe enough for students. Compared with other places, campus is the safest place for students. Students do have to get out of their campus to do their jobs. This means they may be hit by cars or stolen. All dangerous things may happen to students. Some students may have financial problems and they may take part time jobs to solve this. But they should consider this problem once more. Is part time job the best answer? No! It will never be the best answer. They should chose study and safety instead of money.

In universities, we can easily find a fact that many students are willing to find part time jobs to get more money so that they can pay some parts of their tuition. As this tendency is becoming more and more common, many people have expressed their views, such as support, disagreement or suspicion. As a college student, I also have a part time job in a shop. In my opinion, it is really a good way to develop our ability so as to understand the world we live in. When we are free, a part time job will certainly make our life colorful and meaningful, and that's why I enjoy it very much. Many people think it useless and harmful, because they don't believe the part time jobs can give students any experience or help, and they also believe strongly it will influence our study and grades. But I want to say if we stay at home all day, we will never know what the real society is, and if we only focus our attention on marks, we will certainly be abandoned by this world. We are not the kids anymore, and this society requires us to gain something from practice so that we can easily adapt to it when we get close to it one day. To tell the truth, although the money we can earn when we join a part time job is not pretty satisfied, it doesn't matter. Maybe we should know that the more failure and pain we experience, the more close the success is approaching to you. This is my own view on part time job, and I wish more and more college students can get happiness and success from this wonderful way!

Nowadays, students in college have a lot of spare time in school. Some of them choose to take a part time job to spend their time. Also, there's another voice that against students taking part time jobs. Today, we'll talk about this. First, I'd like to say that I'm very interested in college students taking part time jobs. I'm a grade one college student. Except going to classes, I have a lot of time in my dorm. When winter comes, I have to stay at my dorm, playing games with my roommates or surfing the Internet. Whenever I play the games, I always recall of my dad and mum's words telling my to work hard in college when I leave home, but my roommates are so passionate that I can't stop playing with them. How to solve the problem without hurting our relationship? I think to go out and take a part time job is a good idea, at least you're not wasting your valuable adolescence time. Taking part time job is to be great beneficial. One can gain experience while make money when taking part time job. The experience in working is very competitive when you graduate and find a real job. You're an grown up if you're in the college, I think your parents will be glad if they know that you're making money in college, and taking part time job is an excellent chance! People often comment that the after 1990s generation a failure and disgusting in China. I think they are mainly referring to the naughty college students. Our college students really should do something to prove that we are better than they foresaw. If everybody tries to take a part time job, the society may change.

After entering the university, more and more students gradually know the tiredness of parents. In order to lighten the burden of parents, they start to look for part time jobs. Now, part time job is so popular that very students take it. We can see that a lot of students take part time jobs. But is it good to students. Someone think taking part time jobs is good to students. In their opinion, it is a good way for students to be independent. And students can make money by themselves, so they will know the value of money and the tiredness of parents. Lightening the burden of the family is also the benefit of taking part time jobs. By taking part time jobs, students will know the difficulty of surviving in the society. Others think students should not take part time jobs. In their opinion, studying is the most important thing that students should do. Taking part time jobs will take much time that students should put in study. And, after doing the jobs, students will be so tired that they do not want to study. What is more, the money they make is too less, so it is not worthwhile. In my opinion, students should have a plan. If they have enough time, they can take part time jobs, because it is a exercise to them. And students can make friends when working. But it is bad for students to take part time jobs when they do not have enough time. If so, they can not study well

It is important for college students to have a part job in my eyes. As you know, nowadays students in college almost are the 90s. They are almost born in a peaceful and wealthy family. However, the stabilized living circumstance makes their lazy and irresponsible. So when they are now in school, they are always staying in their living room and never go out for one step, which is called otaku by society. They don't want to take a part job, neither. As far as I am concerned, there are some students taking a part job, who are almost come from a relatively "poor" family, such as me. Taking a part job is important for us, because it can give a sum of money, which though not large, can loosen our parents' pressure and make us feel comfortable when we think our parents won't live in a tense life. Maybe it is not important for some students. In my eyes, except a small income, there is an important reason to take a part job in college. Now I have been taking two part jobs, where I find much happiness. In the team, I have made many friends. We together work, and live. During our teamwork, I learned how to be a good teammate and how to cooperate with others in a task. I love my part job and love my teammates. It is important to take a part job. Hi, friends, do you listen me! Come to join us. You are welcome!

 Nowadays, more and more graduated college students can't find satisfing jobs. There are many reasons for this. For example, they can't use their knowledge well and they have no idea about the economic situation. But the main point is that they lack the experiences about the society. So I think college students should do some part time jobs. Life for a full time college student isn't busy. They have much free time. Many students spend their leisure time in playing computer games or sleeping. This is a bad idea. Why not do a part time job? It can not only supply some economic support but also provide some knowledge and experiences. The second advantage is really important. Most colleges or universities are open to the public, but the life in college is different to social life. Doing part time jobs means that you can have a look at the social life and have more chances to learn social skills. When you graduate from college, you will find them so important to find a job and live a good life. For part time jobs, it doesn't matter how much you can earn. The key point is how much you can learn. We can't learn everything in school. In my opinion, doing part time jobs is a way of study. And the knowledge involved is even more important. So I think college students should do part time job.

 Nowadays, more and more college students start to find part time jobs. And it is being debated if college students should have a part time job. However, different people have different opinions. Some people think it is not important for college student to have a part time job. Because it takes some time to do a part time job and what students just should do is study. But I think it is important and necessary for college students to have a part time job. Because student can improve their abilities about how to get money and how to do something independently. Nowadays, students not only should have knowledge but also should have ability. As a good student, he can arrange his time properly and do not do something to waste time. Besides, when some famous persons were college students, they also had a part time job for example Bill. We can practice to do a part time job to learn about what we can not study in books. In a word, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. It is good for a lot of people. It can make you confident and independent

 I agree the opinion that college students should have a part time job. I have three main reasons to support my ideas. Firstly, we have much spare time in our college life, and how to make use of this part of time make a great difference. If we only do the scientific or literal work in our spare time, we will become indifferent to the work and lack of practical experience which will make us stay at a low situation in the social competition. In addition, lack of work experience will always keep us from the society like a mist. It's competent to do a job in the enterprise if we had similar experience. Secondly, during the period of part time job, we can get acknowledge of the companion in the company. And these people can do a great help to our way to be qualified, and the relationship will be a key to our application for the job. Last but not the least, experience of part time jobs can also make us have some pocket money. Though the amount is not important to us, the feeling of managing the money we earned by ourselves is helpful to our experience of management. Above all, It's of great importance and essential for us to have a part time job in college life.

From where I stand, it's essential for us college students to have part time jobs during college life. To begin with, we get extra our money from our own hard work instead of totally depending on our parents, which partially eases our family's economic burden and remind us it's time to learn to be independent. Secondly, during the working process, we will learn knowledge which can never be acquired in school classes and widen our horizons while talking to different people in the society. Meanwhile, we become more mature and experienced by learning various social skills. Last but not the least, we can feel the hardness of living well in this competitive world and become more serious about the money we or our parents has earned. All in all, part time job is an important tool to improve our social skills in all rounds and having part time jobs does help us dissolve into the society earlier than other students. Some students are afraid that devoting too much time in part time job may affect their normal study process. Although the academic study is still our primary concern, no one can ignore the importance of enriching comprehensive abilities. In contemporary society, professional skills are far from enough, we should go full length to equip ourselves with more practical knowledge.

Nowadays more and more college students are taking part time jobs. It's quite common to see students rushing from school to workplace. On this phenomenon, different people have different views. For my part, I think it's important for college students to do so. In fact, some people may think that it's a waste of time for college students to take part time jobs because they can't get much money and it will be better for students to spend the time on study. However, I don't agree with it. In my opinion, although the most important thing for us is to study hard and get high marks in the final examination, part time jobs do more good than harm to college students. As we all know, college is not only a place to read books and do homework; it provides us with all kinds of opportunities to improve ourselves. And taking a part time job is one of the good ways to broaden our social experience. We can better understand what we have learnt in books and we can also accumulate work experiences through part time jobs, which is very good for our job hunting in the future. Furthermore, we meet all kinds of people when we take part time jobs so we have to learn how to deal with them. That is, we can learn how to get along well with others and it's useful for us to enter the society. In a word, the advantages of taking a part time job overweigh its disadvantage. It's important for us to have such an experience during college life and we will find it is really of help.

 With more and more college students doing part time jobs, more and more persons wonder that if it is necessary or important. There is no doubt that the desire to make something meaningful is in everyone'mind. We want to prove ourselves and make values through our best trying. One of the disadvantages of taking part time jobs is we may not focus on our study. Part time jobs exactly makes us useful and powerful, but out major tadget is not in that. We must put our study in the first place, then we can have some activities, jobs or joys in the spare time. Moreover, stepping society brings us lots of bad habits. We fix an eye on the materials, However, every coin has two sides. Part time jobs bring us lots of opportunities, plenty of convenience and amounts of abilities if we deal with them well. Many students who have no part time working experience can't adapt to the society. We also get some basic skills and whenever we are we have advantages. On the whole, part time jobs can bring us good as long as we arrange our time well and have a clear understanding on our future life. Everything is not as it seems. We can't expect what is on the way but to try bravely and wisely on out best.

I agree with the statement that having a part time job is important to college students. My reasons are as follow. First of all, having a part time job can teach us a lot through practice. As is known to all, our 4 years in college is a precious period in our life, during which we should not only learn how to study, but also learn about how to do. Compared with the academic activities like holding lectures, discussions or debates which aims to improve our learning skills, the do part has been largely ignored on the campus, though it is agreed that the latter one counts more when we step into society. Under these circumstances, it is the best choice that we take a part time job outside the school. Second, when we are getting the experience, we also get paid. In some countries, students are already economically independent from their parents when they step into the university, but we are not. With a part time job, we can get some burdens off our parents by using our own earned money. Moreover, we can taste the pleasure of earning ahead of those without a part time job. Third, we can get into another circle of people called the workmates. Unlike schoolmates and roommates you share joy with, workmates are those who work hard with you. You conquer difficulties together, and that would cultivate special feelings which you would probably value in a lifetime. In conclusion, having a part time job can benefit us a lot without taking up too much time. So it's important and beneficial for students to get one in their college years.

In terms of college students doing a part time job, some people hold the opinion that it is fairly beneficial. While others take the view that it is just a waste of time, because it is a distraction from college study. When it comes to me, I think that it is more a good thing than a bad thing. Here I list several advantages of college students doing a part time job: 1. We can undoubtedly improve our ability to get along with different people such as nosy consumers and strict managers, which contributes to our future working life. 2. We are bound to learn some useful skills from practice to a certain degree. Moreover, the experience of doing a part time job may help you to find a job after your graduation. 3. The incomes can be used freely. We needn't told our parents what we have bought because the money is our own reward. It really gives us a sense of being independent. In short, though doing a part time job may interfere with college students' study slightly, the advantages it brings to us is far more than the disadvantages. So, it is high time that we college students took a part time job, if only we have the chance.

It has become a common phenomenon that doing part time jobs nowadays has become one of the major parts of our college life. College students some do part time jobs to make extra pennies and others only fulfill their life. As far as I am concerned, doing part time jobs plays an important role in our college life. Firstly, part time jobs greatly teach us to be thankful owing to the fact that it is the first time in our life to earn on our own even though it is usually poorly paid. We can never know how hard our parents have been going through to raise us up unless we come to earn our life on our own. It all bothers us whether the child we teach follows our instructions or whether the customers in the restaurants we serve are really satisfied with us. We learn to force ourselves to meet social demands, which is what our parents have been doing during the last twenty years. Therefore, after we finish our part time jobs, it is definitely necessary to ring our parents to express our gratitude. In the second place, due to the high tuition in colleges today, doing part time jobs really helps the students' family to relieve this heavy burden. And to those who do not have much allowance in colleges, many hardly make ends meet almost every month. Thus, an extra pay will be quite helpful. Last but not the least, students can get connected to the outside world by doing part time jobs. Problems like the discussion on the salary, the tough employer, all provide us with a rare opportunity to handle everything by ourselves. We were all well taken care of before going to the college and by doing part time jobs we learn to get a solution independently and face the society on our own. In a nutshell, doing part time jobs is absolutely vital in our college life and it is beneficial that every student tries to obtain this experience.

 In my own point of view, it's not so important, as many people would think, for college students to get a part time job. To discuss whether we should have a part time job, we must figure out why some people would take a part time job so seriously. After thoughtful consideration, I come up with three reasons with which they would put up. The first one, maybe the most important for someboby, is that it could help support you through college, lessen the burden of parents. As for the second one, I think it's that it provides the opportunity for college students to get familiar with the world, according to them. Most importantly, they believe that it could offer them work experience. However, I'm not quite for that. First of all, the students who devote a lagre part of their time into part time jobs are not sensible at all, provided that money is the only reason why they do that. Parents support them with their hardwork, hoping you to obtain knowledge as much as possible, while you exchange the precious time for little money. Moreover, the university is a miniature society, where you could have access to the world. There is no need fou you to do a part time job particularly to know about the society. If work experience, instead of knowledge, is what you really want, why don't you just drop out of school and find a full time job? As a consequence, I believe that it's not necessary for college students to do a part time job.

From my point of view, it's essential for us college students to have part time jobs. As is shown in some surveys, the percentage of university students doing part time jobs cam be as high as 70 percent in some schools located in the prosperous district, especially those around the CBD. Alleged to a new survey I have recently read, many students have the desire to do part time jobs from the bottom of heart. As above, we can see part time job is fairly important, just as the meaning of water to fishes. Why are part time jobs so popular in some way? There are some reasons probably explaining the puzzle. Among college students, nearly all are adults. Deep in their heart is a sense of independence, which means to support themselves as possible as they can. This is the most crucial fountain of the motive for us university students to have part time jobs. Furthermore, it's part time jobs that improve our comprehensive abilities and add to our social experience. Meanwhile, through social practice just like part time jobs, not only can we make some extra money to support our daily life and lighten parental load, but widen out horizons and strengthen our relationship webs, which are very precious sources and will assuredly help us someday somewhere. What's more, part time jobs covering some of our leisure time, we can shorten our time spent on boring things such as popular games, soap operas or chats. Part time jobs make our life full in some degree. All in all, as college students, as adults, it's time that we went into the real society and did something. Part time job can serve as a media or bridge for us, so why not seize the time and opportunity. Remember, time is flying, so is opportunity. Seize your time to have a try and you may be astounded.

 Nowadays, quantities of university students do part time job for different aims. For me, I think part time job is necessary. I joined the Peoples Liberty Army two years ago. It is necessary for us university students that we should get some experience before we got into the society. The two years taught me a lot when I was in the army. It helped me to get rid of a lot of bad habits what I have before. When I left, I got lots of wealth. Not for other purposes, but for our future we should get the experiences what we can get in part time jobs. By part time jobs, we can learn to be in harmony with others. Any way, it is very good for our professions that we get in the future. Also, we can get money using our ability for the first time in our life. As we all know, many students cannot afford their affairs easily. I am one of them. I have to agree that money is one of my purposes joining in the Peoples Liberty Army. I will get ninety thousand RMB for the follow year. Job can really help. So why not get a pat time job if we have the time?

When you come to your college, you are surrounded with much information, one of which is about varies kinds of part time jobs. Do you get one and do you want to get one? Here we are going to talk about part time jobs. I think it's important to take part time jobs. There are three simple reasons. Firstly, we have enough time to do a part time job. I think we have similar class schemes with each other as college students. According to my subject scheme, we have at least three hours' spare time after classes. Then look at how our classmates spend their spare time. Some of them play computer games when they are free. And some of them just surf the internet for nothing but getting over their boring time. And so on. Don't you think it's a waste of life. Second, from this we can gain many skills that will be used when we step into social life. For example, you can learn how to deal with your workmates and have a simple understanding of work. What's more you can earn some money, although the wage is very low. You can also know hard is it to earn money, and begin to understand your parents more. After that you may be more careful about your money. So it's really important to have a part time job.

