As we know, smoking is not only harmful to people's health but also to the environment. Smoking can deal to many diseases, such as the cancer of lung and so on. So it is very important and necessary to stop people from smoking in public place, especially in all restaurants. There is 3 reasons for that. The first one is, restaurants are the public places that people have meals, so keep the air clean is a duty of everyone. Smoking can generate dirty smoke to pollution the surrounding air. There are a lot of harmful substances in the smoke, it is no doubt the harmful substances will sticky on food and then they will be eaten by people. So you can imagine how unhealthy the food. I think no people will like this environment when eating. Secondly. What more serious is, the people sit around the smokers have to breath the second handed smoke, that more harmful to their health than the smokers'. Smoking affects non smokers more than it does smokers. Ratio of passive smokers getting ill is higher than that of smokers. So smokers should think more about the other people, should not build their habit over others' health. All in all, I am agreed with the government ban smoking completely at all restaurants in the country.I somewhat disagree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. As is well known, smoking is a killer of humans'health, which does great harm to our breath systems and finally makes our bodies weak. And what makes matters worse; most healthy people dislike the smell of smoking, which is not only the matter the citizens care about but also the matter that affects the whole impression of the place. So we could safely come to the conclusion that smoking is harmful to everyone eager for health and honor except for the factories making out the cigars and alike. However, even though smoking is hateful, we'd better say that we should try to control it not to ban it, or we would be subjective. For one thing, part of people here couldn't give it up right away for smoking is the comfort in their lives. It's obvious that if one could live longer without emotion and happiness, he might prefer to choose a shorter life with happiness. So we shouldn't kill people's happiness at the moment except when we find something else to replace it and they are willing to accept. For another, restaurants are the places where the citizens experience life and relax themselves. Many are accustomed to smoke there. As we see, having a smoke in an ordinary restaurant is like a function of the restaurant itself. From the above, we could get to know that smoking could not be completely banned in the restaurants in the country. However, we might find other ways to improve the environment we live in. For example, there could be restaurants and other public places alike especially for smoking, where you could smoke as you like without any limitation.Smoking is a popular activity among human beings, especially men. But as we all know, cigarettes contain some poison, many countries have banned smoking at public places. It's not enough, stopping smoking should not only at public places but also at restaurants in the country. Scientists have improved that cigarette has nicotine. It's a kind of poison. People who smoking for a long time may get nicotinism, if it's very serious, people will die for this. And people who always smoking also will have lung cancer. It can't be cured. The patients will suffer unimaginable pain. So, for human being's health, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants. Smoking is not only bad for smoking people, but also unhealthy for the people around them. When one person is smoking, the people around him may get second hand smokes. The second hand smokes also contain nicotine, also harmful for human's body. And we see that, if people smoking in a restaurant, everyone in this restaurant will be harmed by them. As far as I know, smoking also pollute environment. The smokes it produces will pollute our atmosphere. So if we can ban smoking, we will save our world. I don't know why people invented smoking, but I know why people stop smoking. In a word, smoking is bad for our health and also harmful for our word. Banning smoking completely at all restaurants in the country is a little step, one day we will stop smoking all over the world!Nowadays, there still exist many uncivilized behaviors in the public such as smoking, spitting, littering. Especially, I believe that smoking recklessly in the public both does harm to the health of people and to the environment. So, I support the initiative that smoking should be completely banned in the public. The following reasons can be figured out to support the argument. Undoubtedly, banning of public smoking is not only beneficial to others but also to the smoker's health. If smoking is banned, smokers may smoke less, there are less second hand smoking released into the air, so people have less chance to be exposed to the polluted air. Furthermore, no smoking environment will bring us fresh air and good mood. This will obviously promote cultural and ideological progress by forbidding bad manners and developing good ones. In addition, it is a reminder that we should improve our awareness of caring others. Since it is not only beneficial to the smokers themselves but also to the society, why not take it?All mentioned above tell us the advantages of the banning. It is time to take the advice of banning and to put special emphasis on the improvement public environment though it is a litter harsh to the smokers.Imaging your are enjoying your delicious meal when clouds of smoke surrounds you and a heavy smoker right beside you speaks out, whose breath is of tobacco. How will you feel at this moment and this place? You certainly lose your appetite and intend to escape from the man as soon as possible, will you?For me, I think that under no circumstances should smoking be allowed in public places, such as the restaurant. Reasons are as follows. First of all, it does no good for your health. Both the smoker and the second hand smokers are risking their health even their life on the cigarette. Every year, large amounts of people die of lung cancer just because of smoking too much. Everyone should realize that our life is really precious that it our duty to value it. Therefore stay away from the cigar not only for yourself but also for others surrounding you. Secondly, it is a bad behavior or habit for our adolescents to imitate. Smoking in front of others present is a bad manner, which not only make an awful impression on others' mind but mislead the children to regard it as an acceptable or even a cool action. Every adult should be mentally alert to set a good example, especially in the public place. In a word, let's create a smoke free atmosphere to enjoy our meal. Seriously speaking! No smoking at any restaurant in the country!One the whole, I don't think it should be banned through the legal system. It should be a choice of the restaurant owner. Then I would foresee that most restaurants would go non smoking but at least a few would still keep ashtrays on the tables. But what if I am a restaurant owner, especially when I am a school restaurant manager? You know, all the restaurants in Wuhan University do not give permission for people to smoke. But I still see somebody smoking. I would ban the smoking strictly. Now I will give you my reason. A person like me who does not smoke also have a right not to smoke, I mean, second hand smoke. Second hand smoke causes many of the same diseases as direct smoking including lung cancer and respiratory diseases. The famous website Wikipedia list several million words about the bad effect of passive smoking. And according to some experts, the cause of passive smoking is even worse than first hand smoking. What's worse, the smoke causes horrible effect to pregnant woman and little baby. So, considering about our country's future, I am strongly against smoke. Restaurants are places for eating; a satisfaction of your appetite, so at least in some degree eating can substitute with each other. So it is easier to forget smoking, especially for those smoking addicts. So smoking should be banned in restaurants, especially in those school restaurants.According to the Chinese governments' announcement, smoking will be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country since Jan. 1, 2011. People have been discussing heatedly heather this ban should be taken into effect since the news came out. Of course, for non smokers, it is really beneficial to them. But for smokers, they think it is too strict and unrealistic. Personally, I approve of it very much. First of all, for many customers, who spend much money in going to the restaurants, they just want to enjoy a nice meal and have a good time here, but with the irritating smoke surrounding them, how can they feel comfortable? What's more, as we all know, smoking does harm to not only the smoker himself, but also the people around him, whom we usually call second hand smokers. On one hand, the burning tobacco smoke contains more than 20 kinds of toxic hazards to life, among which the nicotine is the largest killer that can increase the risk of heart disease and lung cancer greatly. On the other hand, scientists find that non smoker experience psychological harm as well, when they are exposed to the smoke, their levels of depression and anxiety is increasing. Eventually, let us look at the statistics showing that thousands of fire accidents are due to the litter of non extinguished cigarette ends, not to mention the related deaths and losses. So, mo smoking, no crying!Taking all the factors into account, I stick to the ban that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is very common to see men smoking in restaurants in China. If you fall into the habit of smoking, it will be very hard for you to unlearn it. As it is known to all, smoking really does harm to our human beings' health. Cigarettes contain a lot of nicotine's and they are harmful. Many heavy smokers get lung cancers after smoked a period of time. Smoking not only does harm to the smoker himself, but also has a bad effect on the health of people around. Which been called "second hand smoking ". It is very harmful to the public health. In the restaurant, when people are having meals, if other people smoke around them, their health will be affected. Smoking also influence the mood of people nearby. If someone is smoking in a restaurant when we are eating, we will feel annoyed and lose a good appetite. Therefore, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country, but of course can be allowed somewhere else. Our government should do something to support this suggestion, such as publishing some laws and rules. What is more important, people ourselves should try our best to obey the laws and rules. Then the health of our people will be improved greatly.The argument whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is discussed hotly. I will show the different opinions below. Those who are in favor of the idea claim that we all know that cigarette contains many harmful materials that can cause lung cancer or other incurable diseases, it is very harm to smoke. On the one hand, it will waste a lot of money for smokers to buy cigarette. On the other hand, smoking is harmful to both the smoker and the people who smell it. And there also have many examples who suffered disease owing to smoke too much. So for the benefit of smoker themselves and other people, it is a wide choice to ban smoking in the restaurant. Those who are opposed to the banned hold that smoking is personal habit just like some people like reading and running, others have no right to interfere. Besides, restaurant is a place for people to eat meal and relax. So smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants. As far as I am concerned, my favor goes to the former opinion. If the policy goes well, we can enjoy our meal in a healthy environment.I am partly for the perspective that all the restaurants in the country should prohibit from smoking. As you know, restaurant is the place where people have their meals. What the most important for the restaurant it to keep the environment clean and the dishes tidy. If the guests smoke, he or she will probably pollute the surroundings. Worse still, they might drop the smoke ask on the table or the dishes. Accordingly, it is necessary for every restaurant to prevent from smoking. Only in this way can we have a better circumstance for our dinners in the restaurant. However, there are possibly some bad effects on this action. On one hand, smoking is the sign of man. The relationship between smoking and man is as important as that between making up and woman. Thus, man at the restaurant especially during the time of having dinner seems to be superior to others. They may feel that this is the representative of their social status. On the other hand, people like businessman sometimes smoke at the restaurant in order to cope with some difficulties and promote the negotiation smoothly. All in all, I partly agree with the point of view of banning smoking totally at all the restaurants in our country.It has been a hot topic for a long time whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some people take it for granted that smoking should be banned, while there are still others who disagree with it. As for me, my favor goes to the former opinion. I have some reasons described in the following. As we all know, smoking is very harmful to our health. What is more, smoke can cause all kinds of disease that it may make a man die. For example, there are a great many of people die of smoking every year. This is the result of smoking. Another reason t for smoking should be banned, especially at the public place, such as restaurants, hospitals, and so on. And it is clear that restaurant is a place we have lunch. If someone next to you always smoke when you eating food, you probably cannot start it., leaving the lunch and wanting to go. As stated above, what should we do? There is no doubt that we should exert all ours energy to ban smoke at all the restaurants in the country. Now, let us start and make progress together! I support that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country because it does harm to all the people. The reasons lie in several aspects. Smoking in the restaurant is very impolite because the restaurant is a public occasion; many people are eating there every day. If you smoke, it will have bad effects on others. People will hate you and think of you as enemy. To leave a good impression on others, don't smoke in the restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant is harmful to others. Besides, it is also affect your health because smoking can result in many diseases, such as cancer. When my grandpa was young, he smoked very heavily. Gradually, his health was threatened. This year he died because of lung cancer. The effects of smoking on others are more terrible. To protect all people's health, don't smoke in the restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant will impact the quality of air. If you smoke, the restaurant will be very dirty and nobody is willing to come. The restaurant will lose much money. Worse still, you will feel very uncomfortable. In a word, smoking in the restaurant should be banned. It is high time that we took actions.In many public places, we can often note that some people are smoking while others around them holding their noses. As far as I am concerned, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking in the public restaurants is a bad behavior which put other people's health nowhere. Partly, smoking or not is a private affair, which others are not supposed to interfere in. But when it comes to the public places, smoking influences more than smoker himself but all the people there. In the restaurants, the space is very limited and people hate smoking cannot enjoy their meals when other people smoke around them. Secondly, smoking does harm to the smokers health and may even cause serious disease. We can help the smokers to quit smoking by banning smoking in all the public places. I think that most smokers lack self control. So it is better to have some laws to ban them from smoking in the restaurants. In a word, no smoking restaurants can benefit not only the smokers but also the other people around. So I insist that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country, for the public's sake.Nowadays smoking is banned in public places in more and more countries. And there is a heated discussion about whether smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in China. Personally, I think it inadvisable to smoke in a restaurant. It is universally recognized that the cigarette contains a considerable number of harmful elements. Smoking may not only do harm to the smokers themselves but also to the people around them. So if a person is smoking while others are eating, the eaters will be greatly annoyed. No non smokers want to be bothered by cigarette smoke. And it will be a piece of good news for them if all the restaurants go smoking free. But I am of the opinion that there should be smoking sections in some restaurants. It is hard for heavy smokers to quit smoking in a short time. If all the restaurants forbid smoking, they may get really uncomfortable. In general, smoking should not be banned completely at all the restaurants. Restaurants can set non smoking areas and smoking areas for different customers. But I think that if smoking is permitted, it should always be in an area that non smokers do not have to go through because no non smokers want to expose themselves to second hand smoke.As we all know, smoking is bad for our health. So some people choose not to smoke. But sometimes even non smokers are forced to smoke. Yes, that is second hand smoking. So in my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because restaurant is a public place. Most people are for the ban. So am I, and I think it a wise choice. Smoking will do harm to smoker's lungs and cause many diseases such as heart attack and even lung cancer. What's worse, passive smoking may cause worse effects. So smoking in public places is irresponsible to both smokers and people around. For each other's health concerns, smoking should be banned in restaurants. Though most people agree with it, when it comes to exercise, some people still act negatively. Some think it as unpractical because smoking people occupies most of the customers and it is equally important to protect smokers' freedom. But I think starting it from now on is wiser because it makes no sense to leave it alone until the problem become much worse. The government should try to set some regulations that all the restaurant ban people from smoking inside of the restaurant. If they really want to smoke, they can go outside of the restaurant to smoke and it won't influence others.As smoking can cause lung issues and has a stronger effect on the surrounding people, some politicians hold the view that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in this country, which I can hardly approve. I have the following reasons to clarify my point. Firstly, in terms of health, it is undeniable that cigarette is not the only thing that does harm to our body. Should we ban all the fried food just because they are junk food? I think the answer should be no. Secondly, smokers' choices determine smokers' consequences. It's not our business to interfere others' lifestyles compulsorily even though it can kill them gradually. As we cannot ban suicide, we cannot ban smoking. To make us free from the infection, restaurant managers can set smoking rooms to satisfy the smokers without affecting the other customers. And we can put posters to remind the smokers the risks they are taking. But forbid? No. I agree that smoking is the last habit we could form, but since it is a controversial and complicated social issue, we should handle it carefully instead of simply forbidding it completely. We can solve the problem through different kinds of methods gradually.As to the topic, I think smoking is supposed to be completely banned at restaurants in the country. First, restaurants are public places where people go to have their meals. If you are a non smoker and hate smoking very much and you find yourself surrounded by smog when you are seated in the restaurants, what is your feeling? Do you still in a mood to eat? In this case, smoking in a restaurant leads to other customers' unhappiness and the atmosphere won't be good. On the other hand, we should let smokers know how to behave differently in various occasions. Smokers should be taught to respect others. By not allowing them to smoke at all the restaurants in the country, we are reminding them the above necessary qualities. Then, as we all know, second hand smoking does great harm to people's health. People may have cancer if exposed to second hand smoke for a long time. To protect people from being sick, and assure them a healthy environment to enjoy themselves, smoking should not be allowed by all the restaurants in the country. Above all, in the long run, if smokers are banned from smoking at all the restaurants in the country, they will gradually get used to it. By then, the world will be a wonderful one to live in. In a word, it is a pretty good idea to ban people from smoking at all the restaurants in the country.Recently, the problem that whether smoking should be banned at restaurant is hotly discussed. I think the view point that smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country has it reasons. On the one hand, smoking is a conventional manner on occasions like a meeting between friends. What's more, offering a smoke to a person is a generally accepted way of making acquaintance of him or her. In a word, it is smoking that often creates a relaxing atmosphere. On the other hand, it is also smoking that keeps many people and people who live with them from living a happy life. Many people have terrible diseases because of smoking for a long time. Also, the restaurant is a public place; these who smoke are to blame for spoiling others' health because second hand smoke can be very harmful. People who are non smokers will not have mood to eat when they sit close to smokers in the restaurants. On conclusion, I think smoking as a manner of long history, is impossible to be banned by law. The government and the press are supposed to try their best to spread knowledge about the harms of smoking. Thus, I agree with the banning of smoking at restaurants in the country. But not only by regulation, must we try to arouse people's awareness of the harms of smoking.In our daily life, we can't ignore the bare fact that smoking exists in most restaurants, which has become a heating problem. Different citizens have different attitudes towards the phenomenon, however, as we can see, some restaurants have taken actions according to smoking. As far as I am concerned, smoking is bound to be completely banned at the restaurants in the country. To begin with, smoking is not socially acceptable, which affects both yourself and others. As a citizen, we need to shoulder our shared responsibility in the society and learn to be self disciplined. Smokers shouldn't damage others' health in order to enjoy themselves. What's more, smoking at restaurants is immoral although the law hadn't made nay punishment for smoking. There is no denying that smokers have their freedom to do it. But choice encourages both freedom and responsibility, so as adults, smokers must learn to handle both wisely. Most often, I have the burning desire to arouse the public awareness of smoking, with the development of modernization and civilization of our society, the quality of people' living standard needs to be improved correspondingly. If smoking can be completely banned at restaurants, the whole society can develop more prosperously, peacefully and harmoniously.Obviously, burning cigarettes damage smoker's health, and second hand smoking is harmful to nonsmokers. So, holding the opinion that it is unfair for nonsmokers, some people claim that smoking should be quit in public places like restaurant in our country entirely. To be honest, I can't concede them anyway. Undoubtedly, as a nonsmoker, it is annoying to see other people smoking beside you. But for a smoker, when they lit up a cigarette in restaurant, a waiter come and politely ask him to smoking outside, he can also be irritated. People should have same right, despite whether he smokes or not. People have their right to smoke, just like they have their right do not smoke. We can't only consider one group people, but we should take them all in count. So, banning smoking in restaurant is greeting by people hate cigarettes, but it is unacceptable to smokers. Is there a compromising solution exist to let everyone satisfied? Of course, setting a smoking area is the simplest idea. It can solve the problem in a simple and inexpensive way. So why we should ban smoking in restaurant? I know that is many country of the world, smoking is not allowed in public places. For example, in Italy, smoking is not allowed in any place except private dwelling. And adults smoking in public places will have a pattern to children and teenagers. But we should make children know smoking is not good through teaching, not by making smokers invisible. I still believe that people have their right to smoke, and public should give them the convenience to smoke. From what I have mentioned above, it is not difficult to have this summary that smoking shouldn't be banned in restaurants. Whether smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants is always a hot topic among these years. And many European countries and America just have passed the law about smoking is not permitted in public places. Obviously, China has a large number of smokers. Many people have the habit of smoking, especially young boys and girls, some of them even are middle school students. No matter how harmful to smokers themselves. Nonsmokers argue that second hand smoke is much more harmful to their health. It can cause cancer, heart disease and other serious diseases. As for me, I support this issue. Smoking poses health risks for both smokers and non smokers. And research has found that second hand smoke is as dangerous to non smokers as first hand smoke is to smokers. But nothing is absolute; I think all the restaurants can set an area for those smokers. We should protect their rights to smoke after all. And in fact smoking is just becoming a culture. Every country has it own smoking cultures. So completely banned smoking at all restaurants is not practical. Everything has two sides, smoking is also like this. So we can't say completely banned that smoking at all the restaurants, but to say that we can set a specific area for smokers. So that both smokers and nonsmokers can enjoy their meal and have a great joy during the meal.In many survey, many people agree smoking banned at all the restaurants. But should smoking be completely banned at all in the restaurants in the country? I think the answer is completely yes. As we know, some elements which contained in cigarette may damage people's body. Doctors warn that many smokers have terrible diseases like cancer and heart problems later. Hence, smoking is unhealthy habit. It should be banned in restaurants. On the one hand, it is unhealthy; on the other hand, smoking in restaurant is impolite especially western country. Also, passive smoking is more dangerous than smoking according to many doctors and health experts. In order to your health and your family's health, please not smoking in the restaurants when eating!However, people who have smoking in long time ago think it is too cruel with them if they cannot smoke in the restaurants. Maybe raise something bad. In fact, no smoking in restaurant proves smoker's quality. It means they care about others. On summary, smoking in restaurant should be banned and we need this policy. For your health and other people's health, stop smoking in public. Smoking in everywhere will make our society around pollution air isn't it? No smoking in restaurant protects our society and all the people's health.The trend of smoking is increases fastly. Different institutes have published the reports about health. In every country everyone have great prejudice against smoking. Smoking produces an excitement in our nervous system. Particularly a mentally and physically depressed man have desire to smoke. But smoking is effective our mind adversely. The people who are smoking and use drugs are always suffer from cough and cold. Due to smoking our eyesight and digestion are damaged. It weakness our will power and many people becomes heart patient. Against the smoking media have perform its responsibilities. In our society smoking is very common. Everywhere we see the people who have smoking mostly of them are chain smokers. Smoking is very common in every street. In restaurant we almost see the smokers. Due to smoking in restaurant vulgarity must be produced. In family restaurant the families are irritated due to smoking. Everyone dislike the smoking. Smoking is bad for every human. It damages the lungs. It is harmful for other with the smoker. Cigarette should must be banned in shops and in restaurant it should be banned.I'm totally agree with this statement. I'm a non smoker. In my opinion, I think smoking in the restaurant should be banned. Firstly, smoking in public does harm to the whole world. It is known to all that smoking causes lots of problems. For example, many diseases, fire disasters and so on. In recent years, the death rate of lung cancer and heart disease are getting higher and higher. Then, restaurants are public place; each customer has the right to enjoy their time. However, smokers' smoke will pollute the clean air and let other people breathe in harmful gases. So everyone in public should be aware of other people's feelings, don't let your actions cause harm to others. In the end, I would like to say that many countries have taken similar measures, and have gotten well consequent. Now, in our country, more and more people come to realize the risk that second hand smokers will face, so our government should pay attention to this serious situation, in the meantime, take effective measures to solve this problem. This not only protects the residents' personal rights, but also builds a harmonious social atmosphere. It is good for every side. Generally speaking, I am strongly support this idea, and hope it can come true.When I was a small child, I felt curious about why my father like smoking so much. I still remember that my father told me that the cigarettes are to them what the snacks are to us. Sometimes our lives need this kind of eating things to have entertainment. According to this, I hold the opinion that we can't ban the smoking in the restaurant. Indeed, smoking in public sometimes will disturb others and make the air dirty; the restaurant can avoid this by preparing non smoking area for people to have a cigarette. By doing this, it can easily solve this problem. Although, may some people would say there's no benefit to smoke but harm people's health. Living in a sociable society, you need to know the basic behaviors of how to communicate with others in business or something else. The cigarettes as a tool contribute more on the process. Of course it's hard to avoid having cigarettes in a restaurant. Finally I also want to emphasis that people should smoke in a suitable way. After all health is the most important thing in your life. Not smoke too much for the sake of your health. I am not appreciating the opinion that we should ban the smoking in the restaurant. Instead, I would prefer having a smoking area.Sit in the elegant and clean restaurant, listen to some soft music, enjoy your yummy food, but what about some smoke in addition? Absolutely it is terrible! Smoking may let eaters who don't take cigarette choke. Let alone its harm to their bodies. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. And the reasons why smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurants may be listed as followings. To begin with, smoking can disturb the harmonious atmosphere. Imagine, in some high level restaurant, some people are happily enjoying their dinners. Suddenly they smell the fog of smokers from nearby, they will immediately feel uncomfortable and cover their nose and mouth. Sometimes, if there are babies sit close to smokers, it is more terrible. Now let's come to its harm. Regarding the adults, children or teenagers have to tolerate second hand smoking. Many people already know that second hand smoking is more harmful that smoking. Let alone to the children. And many restaurants are often filled with the young, so it is necessary to ban smoking in the restaurants for young people health. To sum up, it is harmful for consumers in the restaurants to suffer second hand smoking. And smoking in the restaurants should be banned without any doubts.We can see people with a cigarette at every corner of the world, and many governments have taken measures to deal with the problem. There are several reasons to do so. At first, smoking is harmful to both the smoker and health of people surrounds us. Some experts say that second hand smoking is more harmful than smoking. So people smoke will do harm to non smokers in the restaurants. It is unfair for non smokers. So it is reasonable to ban the smoking in public places. In addition smoking shows a person's attitude. If a person smokes in the restaurant; it means he doesn't respect other people's feeling. Many non smokers feel very uncomfortable when they smell the smoke in the restaurants. What is more, when someone is smoking around a pregnant woman, it can be very dangerous for the baby. Although many smokers say that banning smoking in the restaurants is a influence towards human's freedom and privacy, in fact, facing the death which is caused by smoking or second hand smoking, the freedom and privacy mean nothing at all. But people do have the right to choose whether they want to have this kind of lifestyle or not. So it is really hard to ban smoking completely in all places in the country. But restaurants are public places. Thus, what we should do now is to ban smoking in the restaurants for all people's health. In a word, it is correct to ban smoking in all the restaurants because smoking is only a bad thing.Smoker is everywhere in our word, in restaurants, in park, in some public places. As we know, smoking is harmful for our body, so these people who do not smoke refuse smokers smoke in public place such as some restaurants. So I think it is necessary to ban smoking at all the restaurants over the country. Firstly, there are many harmful things in the cigarette that can damage physical functions, at the same time the smog is more harmful. It can cause lung cancer, lead to respiratory problem and heart problem. People who don't smoke can also be affected if they sit next to smoker. Therefore, there is no doubt that smoking does harm to the health of both the smokers and nonsmokers. Second, cigarette end can cause fire accidents. And we have also seen the cigarette ends and the smog can pollute environment that affect our life. Third, smoking in public places is a kind of impolite behavior in our society. It may affect people work or studying. Finally, no smoking at all the restaurants will provide a better environment for people enjoy their lives. So I think people will get benefits from it. We need to ask our government to do something from now on for it.Have you ever watched a group of people chatting and smoking happily in the public? You can see smoking is everywhere, especially in a restaurant. As we all know smoking can produce lots of harmful gas, so it is necessary to put up law that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. There are some reasons. Firstly, a restaurant is a public area for people to enjoy a meal. However, if someone smoking there, others will be influenced by the terrible smell. The guests will have no appetite to eat anything. Secondly, it is known to us all that second hand smoking is more dangerous than smoking. The gas has much poison element and can destroy our body. In order to keep healthy, not only for the smoker but also for other people around by, smoking must be banned in the restaurant. The last but not least, restaurants are aimed at making money if there are so many people smoking, it may have a negative influence on the business. So the managers are urged to forbid smoking. In short, smoking itself has more disadvantages than advantages. Even though it cannot be forbidden in everywhere, we can make laws to ban this behavior in the restaurant. Then we can have a healthy condition when we have our meals in the restaurants.Everyone knows that smoking is harmful for our health. Every year, the number of people who are addicted to smoking increases sharply. Should smoking be totally banned in some public places, such as restaurants? For me, I think it is not a good idea to ban smoking completely in all the restaurants in the country. I have some reasons. Each person has their own habit. I don't think it is suitable for government to interfere citizen's choice. What should our government do is helping build a particular place for people who are addicted to smoking in public places, for instance, setting a suitable space in a restaurant for people to smoke. By doing liking these, other people who don't smoke also won't be influenced. Smoking won't be banned, if people who are enjoying their meals in a restaurant are forced to stop smoking, the development of some restaurants also will be influenced. So just think the most suitable way to solve these complex problems and provide people with their own space to enjoy themselves. We can come to the conclusion, for the development of restaurants and for people's right, we should divide restaurants into different parts. Smokers can smoke in the smoking place. The others can have meals in not smoking place and not get influenced.I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In a restaurant, a gentleman dressed in western style clothes snags his fingers and asks the waitress, handing several pounds to her. What he said to the waitress? Can you help me buy a pack of cigarette? what described above is a common phenomenon in majority of the restaurants. You may affect by those people when having a dinner with your friends or family. Every customer should have his own right in public. Let alone a restaurant. In my opinion, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. To begin with, smoking has a bad effect on the people around our both the mental and physical. The mental effect, as we can know smoking is the main cause of the lung cancer. To the smoker, it is a killer. To the people around the smoker, smoking may cause some unexpected changes in their mental ability. Take a little baby for example, if a smoker sits close to a mother with a baby in the restaurant, the baby may cry and shout out. What a unfortunate baby, what's the physical effect? For example when you see a handsome smoking, do you imagine his behavior will be an indication that boy should smoke if they want to be more cool. Several countries have designed laws to ban the smoking in public. This trend indicates people's requirement. All in all we should ban the smoking in the restaurant caring about other people around you.When I go to a restaurant, I always see someone smoking. It is a very boring thing on account of I hate the smoke and the smell. Although almost people don't like smoking, but a part of people think smoking is their habit and we can't stop it. So there is a huge contradiction between these two types of people. On the one hand, almost people don't like smoking and they always think the smoking is bad for our health. When this type of people goes to the restaurant, they always get the second hand smoking. it can affect the breath health with themselves. So this type of people supports to ban smoking at all the restaurants. On the other hand, smoker always think that smoking is their habit and it can't stop it very easily. Furthermore, the government supports the smoking because it is a big source of tax in finance. If we banned smoking at all the restaurants, it can decrease the selling of the cigarette. Generally speaking, to ban the smoking at all the restaurants is a difficult decision with the government. As the matter of fact, we should find a reasonable way to solve this problem. So now we cannot completely ban smoking in all the restaurants.There is a heated debate on the rationality of smoking in restaurant. Some people are strongly against smoking in every restaurant while others insist that smoking in restaurants should be allowed for reasons below. The former says that smoking does harm to people. It can cause some deadly diseases such as lung cancer. Be it smokers or second hand smokers, their health is all at risk. Besides, they consider that restaurants are public places where people want to have fun. If smoking is allowed in restaurants, the non smokers may get annoyed and fail to have their meals with joy as they want. The latter takes it for granted that smoking should be allowed in restaurants for several reasons. First, smokers have the freedom to deal with their own business. They pay for the foods and service so that they ought to enjoy their time in restaurants. Second, smokers pay a high tax to government, so they believe that they make contribution to society. Smoking is the rights they get in return. As far as I am concerned, smoking should be banned in every restaurant as soon as possible. Not only smoking does harm to smokers, but it also affects non smokers' health. To ban smoking in restaurants will be a double win choice.I don't suppose that it's a wise idea to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. But I'm in favor of banning smoking at some restaurants. On one hand. It's of great significance of banning smoking. Firstly, as we all know, smoking for a long time will change people's health; it might lead to lung cancer and other diseases. Secondly, you may feel annoyed when people surrounding are smoking and forcing you to take in the polluted air, it harms you too. Thirdly, I suppose that restaurant is place where the beauty of wonderful food culture can be showed rather than the place to show the unhealthy habits of human beings, also, the smoke of cigarettes may lead to the decline of our appetite. At last, smoking may also cause accidents, for example, a small cigarette may lead to a fire accident if meet the sofa, carpet. On the other hand, I am opposed to ban the smoking at all restaurants. The most significant reason is that the smokers also have their own right to make a choice, it's not that considerable of us to take their right away from them. Then, it's known to us that smoking is a culture of human society, usually, good cigarette or cigar can show one's taste for life and make a businessman distinctive. Smoking at table can also be one of reasons linking to their success of enterprise, especially in China. In fact, we can take other measures to create good environment in the restaurants, for an instance, draw a line between no smoking area and smoking area. To conclude, smoking has its bad effects, it disgusts others when damages smokers themselves' health, but we are supposed to take some more effective and humanity measures instead of ignoring the rights of smokers.At the moment, many cities around world ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. The new ban causes an intense debate among people. Some people especially the smoker protest the ban very much. They said that smoking is their own business, the ban influence their private right. They should smoke is their choice. Many smokers think smoke after dinner is very happy. So they don't like to stop smoke in the restaurants. Other people support the ban. They think that smoking is not only bad for smokers, but also harm to the other people around them. People want to have a clean place in the restaurant. They hate smell of smoke. Smoke will harm their health if sit very close to the smokers. From my perspective, smoking should be completely banned in the restaurants. As we all know, there are many poisonous things in cigarettes. Many people find that these things can cause cancer and some other illnesses. When someone smoking it the restaurant, the people around them breathe the poisonous gas too, it can also cause cancer. It is true that smoking is people's own business, but they don't have the right to have effect on other people's health. In short, I support the ban for people's health.There is no doubt that the restaurant is one of the most popular public places where smokers are used to smoke. We can notice that most of our Chinese restaurants have smoking smell. Smokers may not mention it, but people who don't smoke think it is disgusting and have no appetite for eating. Allowing for this, I partly support that smoking should be completely banned at the entire restaurant in the country. Many reasons could support it. When we are eating, the smoking can easily get into our lungs through our mouths. It is harmful for our lungs. That is to say people who do not smoke can be affected too. That is the reason why we always say smokers also destroy others' lungs when they are smoking. There are still some important reasons. When adults are smoking in restaurants, children would remember this act and imitate it. That means the restaurant is also a place where grows the population of smokers. On the other hand, smokers smoke after meal could damage their digest system and other organs. In summary, smoking is bad for our health, especially during or after meal. I think the government had better to ban smoking at all the restaurants.When I am in restaurant, I can usually smell that someone is smoking but I can't say anything at all, and many people have the same feeling as me, so many people think the government should publish a law to ban smoking in restaurant, I have a mixed idea about it. It is obvious that people smoking will influence the people around him. But we can ban completely smoking in restaurant as a people not smoking; we should consider the feeling of people smoking. First, we can build a special room in restaurant for people to smoke, the idea will meet people's need of smoking and the smoke will not influence people's dinner. Before the special room being built, people can smoke in toilet or beside the junk barrel. After the law being published, if any people smoke in the restaurant and influence the other people's eating, in restaurant, the waiter should advise them to go to the special room for smoking politely and if the smokers are rude and continue to smoke influencing other people, waiter can reveal the law to them for money. Generally speaking, the smoker can smoke in the restaurant, but they should smoke in the toilet or special room and guarantee they will not influence other people. Last year ago, New York declared a severe order about stop smoking in the world, people are banned smoke in public places, which include bars, restaurants, offices, auditorium, and so on. It's said that the order in order to protect services health. No matter who is protected, we know that smoking is harmful not only to the smokers but also to the people around. Especially at restaurants, if one person smoke, others may breathe in and eat (smoke may fall on food) smoke, so our lunges and stomach will be polluted, it's like that we do passive smoking two times. I think you can imagine the disadvantage that people smoke at restaurant. When you go restaurant with a smoker, and the smoker spit the smoke on food which is your favorite, what do you think then? In my opinion, I will suffer from lack of appetite. We may have a try to put ourselves in smokers' shoes, they may don't want to smoke at restaurant, but they usually can't control their craving for tobacco, and now we can help they stop the desire of smoking, it's not only protect our health, but also help smokers. In my view, everyone has the right to choose his/her own way of life, but one does not have the right to impose his way of life on other people. So smoking in public places should be banned. I totally agree with the opinion that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons as follows. Smoking is a normal phenomenon in the social nowadays. Everyone knows its negative effects, but some men even women can't get rid of it. You will always see someone smoking in the public, because their cravings of tobacco break out and it is too hard to bear it. But both you and I know that if someone around us smokes, we are all affected by the second hand smoking, especially babies. This behavior can also pollute the atmosphere and do harm to all the people who are served in the restaurant. Restaurants are places for people to eat and enjoy themselves. If people smoke there, those non smokers will have to bear the terrible smell. The second hand smoking of course will influence their health. Thus, in my option, we should ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country to prevent ourselves from the negative effects of smoking. And it is the government's duty to do something from now on to make the ban possible. Of course, we all should follow the rule and then we can enjoy safe meals in the all the restaurants in the near future. In this era of rapid social and technological change leading to increasing life quality, smoking changes its character from status symbol to a kind of unhealthy lifestyle. In more and more countries, it has been illegal to smoke in public places already. To some people, it is not their own will to smoke. They smoke just because pressure. They suffer a lot from their work and life. They smoke to remove their pressure and to them, smoking is not a harmful only thing. But there is still many other health ways to remove our pressure such as sports and it not necessary to relax yourself via such a harmful way. According to studies leading by Wuhan University, nicotine and some other chemical materials, which come from cigars, does a lot of harm to our bodies, especially lungs. Continuous intake of chemical materials from cigar may eventually causes the increasing ability of getting lung cancer. To improve the average health of humanity, it is emergency to help smokers out of it. In addition, smoking not only does harm to smokers, but also hurts people around, even more seriously. In fact, based on researches around the world, it has been point out that second hand smoking indeed does more harm to our body. Some of the chemical materials are changed in the air. Some reactions will happened when they meet oxygen and become some other things and these changed materials will cause more healthy problems. In restaurant places, where there would be a relatively bigger crowd in, second hand smoking is a much more serious problem than smoking. So it is necessary to forbid smoking in restaurant. So, in my opinion, it is best to quit smoking, especially in public places like restaurant. It hurts both you and people around.As far as I am concerned, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants as fast as possible. Masses of reasons can be listed. First, smoking is so harmful behavior that it not only harms smokers themselves but also a lot of innocent people like us. As we all know, the smoke contains countless poisonous gas, which can easily result in cancer. Second, restaurants are public places. We are supposed to attach attention to our own behaviors for the simple reason that what we do has an impact on others, especially like smoking and other disagreeable manner. The smoke makes us hard to breathe. Besides, people who go to restaurants tend to enjoy the nice food and comfortable atmosphere. However smoke definitely ruins all the things we longing for. I am convinced that while enjoying their meals no one wants to be crowded with choking clouds of smoke. Apart from the reasons listed, there is one thing we cannot ignore—safety. It is a common sense that a thrown cigarette butt is an object with high temperature, which can contribute to a fire. To sum up, it is never too late to forbid smoking at all the restaurants with the intention of public's health and safety.Restaurants are always supposed to be a place that people can completely enjoy their meals, relaxing their feelings. But let us assume the situation that when you are eating the delicious food. Suddenly, there a man breathes out with the smoke, so you may not want to sit here anymore. Smoking can bother others, and should be completely banned at all the restaurants. China has a large number of smokers. As nonsmokers hate the social phenomenon, they hold the view that smoking should be banned. They complain that they inhale the second hand smoke in public that would greatly harm to their health. As all of us known, smoking is bad for people's health. It can cause lung cancer, lead to respiratory problem and heart problem. And diseases caused by the second hand smoke are even more serious. Nonsmokers shouldn't be responsible for it, while the smokers should think about more for others. Banning the smoking in the restaurant is to build a better atmosphere for nonsmokers, and also for the smokers, in order to have a good time to eat. It is a problem related to the ethic, which means to consider more about the others' rights, not only thinking for you. Although, there is not a clear law to forbid the behavior, but it counts. It calls for all the people to do something to help!Imagine that you are eating in a fancy restaurant and the man beside you is smoking all the time, that's what a terrible thing!Many regions have developed the law of banning smoking in restaurants. On one hand, smoking is bad to smokers. Smoking is so harmful because of the effects of nicotine. Lung diseases are largely due to smoking. Heart disease is far more common in smokers. Another effect is raising your heart rate, which adds extra stress on your heart. On the other hand, smoking in public affects other people. As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the public environment. In restaurants, the air is not well circulated, smoking leads the air conditions worse. Restaurant is a place for people to have fun, where should have a fresh environment. In public places, such as shopping malls and restaurants, there could be many babies, old people and pregnant women, smoking will make a worse effect to them. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. If one wants to smoke, he may smoke in private, not in the public places. But, I think, smokers had better give up smoking, no matter where he is. It will be beneficial to all of us.Nowadays, smokers are everywhere. We can find these people who seem always have cigarettes in their hands at street, in the shop, or even sometimes on the buses. Around China, most people prefer to talk business or chat with others at restaurants, and some of them, especially males, like to smoke when they are on their conversation. But smoking is indeed not a good habit, and it should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. First of all, smoking is harmful to smoker's health. Lots of serious diseases would be caused as a result of the bad habit, such as lung cancer. Secondly, smoking at restaurants does make a very bad effect on other customers. Not only does the terrible smell make others feel disgusting, but also the bad smoke may be detrimental to the customers. Thirdly, smokers always make the restaurants very dirty. Other customers may not want to have their dinner in such a terrible environment. Finally, as we know from some news, a great fire may be just caused by a little butt. In China, several restaurants have some places just for the smokers, but in my opinion, for the customers' security, restaurants still should completely forbid smoking. I agree to this opinion. We all know smoking is harmful to our health and it is a bad habit. I think smoking ban heart gains massive. The follows are advantages of smoking bans. The first, Bans on smoking in restaurants have had a bigger impact on preventing heart attacks than ever expected, data shows. Therefore, there are many good things bans on smoking in public place. In China, there have a word; children are the future of the country. However, Children exposed to secondhand cigarette smoke have an increased risk of development in adulthood, even if they never smoked. This is very dangerous to our children. So in my view of opinion, we must take a measure to smoking ban on public place. I think every Chinese knows many people are dead in heart attack and lung cancer in our country, this is cause to secondhand cigarette smoke. Though we are not smoking, secondhand cigarette smoke have a big harmful to our body. Now, many countries have law about smoking bans. Many studies add to the growing evidence that a ban on smoking in public places seems to have a positive impact on heart attack rates, which is clearly good news for our nation's heart health. Nevertheless, the statistics also shows how quickly the benefits can be felt after a smoking ban is implemented and indicate how dangerous second hand smoke can be to the heart. I think it is a good idea to ban smoking in all restaurants in the country, everyone will support this bans. As we all known, the argument against smoking become normal. Nowadays smoking has been shown to be dangerous to our health, living environment as well as our life quality. From the survey about smoking in 2002, it's said that the number of smoker in China reached 13 hundred million, which took up a large number of the population. What's more, recent research has shown that non smokers can 30 percent of smokers all over the world, suffer health problem if they spend long period of time with people who do smoke. So, people who smoke in the restaurants will do harm to people who are non smokers around them. Those non smokers all hate it. However, smoking undoubtedly helps many people to relax, especially when they are relaxing with friends in the restaurant. Though smoking does lots of harm, somebody would also argue that people should have the right to choose whether they smoke or not. In my opinion, people should not smoke in a room where there are non smoker but surely they should be free to smoke where it is suitable. I suggest that public place like restaurant should seta special room for smoker to enjoy their "bad habits at will.We always face these scenes that a girl persuading her boyfriend out of smoking in our daily life. It becomes a common sense that we shouldn't't allow the people we care to smoke. So I hold the idea that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in the country. As we all know, smoking is harmful to our health, and we know that a number of persons died at an energetic age because of smoking. Many people want to get rid of the addiction to smoke while they just couldn't control themselves. Then, our government must help. The policy that keeps smoking out of our restaurants will be absolutely welcomed. Also, restaurants are public places where we must take others' rights into consideration. There's no reason forcing others who don't want to smoke especially children to get second hand smoke. Finally, maybe not many people know the fact that smoking also decreases our desire to eat. That's why smokers always look sick and lack of nutrition. Anyway, we come to restaurant to have a feast and we can't tolerate those delicious food wasted. I think the landlord will be no happier because you consume more and keep a better environment in the restaurant.When it comes to the question of smoking, men will say that smoking is reasonable; however, women think that cigarettes are a bad thing that they don't like at all. As a matter of fact, smoking does harm to people's health, it benefits more harm than good. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For individual smokers, maybe smoking is a hobby that is a part of their life. But we should observe the problem that the harm of the second hand smoke. Research says that the second hand smoke is more serious. Restaurant is especially a public place, if you smoke there, you will do harm to not only yourself, but also the others. It is a morality that not smoking in the public places, and it protect the rights of non smokers. What's more, it eliminates the harm of smoking more or less. However, it calls on both government and individual smokers to achieve the goal. Government should take some measures, for example, to punish a policy to punish people who smoke in the public places. For smokers, they should be conscious of it. Only in this way, can we have a comfortable environment.I don't agree with the idea that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons:There is some nicotine that is something poisonous in cigarettes, so smoking has a bad effect on health. Because of this, law says that cigarette case have to show smoking is harmful to health. But there are so many smokers. Why? Although cigarette is bad for health, it brings benefits for people. For example, when you are tired after a long day's work, maybe smoking a cigarette can help you have a good rest. And when you are anxiety, it can calm you down quickly. So many people know the harm of smoking, they smoke yet. Even somebody take smoking as a habit. But smoking will not only affect smokers, but also affect people around smokers. So it is necessary to respect smokers' power and habit and to ensure the health of others. So I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, we can set up a smoking area and some language tips in all restaurants. In this way, we can ensure smokers and non smokers' power and benefits at the same time.As everybody knows, smoking is a bad habit that doesn't have any advantages. Smoking may conduct heart disease or lung cancer or some other disease. But why there are still some people like smoking? Smoking is a habit; it is not easy to give up it. There comes a topic that should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. My answer is I don't think so. Of course smoking is bad, but we should take the people who like smoking into consideration. It is unfair for them can't smoke at all the restaurant if cigarettes are still sold. But should smoking be allowed at all the restaurant? The answer must be no for it is unfair for the people who don't smoke. Then what should we do? In my opinion, all the restaurants should be departed into two parts   smoking area and non smoking area. It can not only fulfillment the people who smoke but also not bother the other people who don't smoke. So I think it is a wonderful idea. Of course, I wish all the people like smoking can give up smoking some day and all the cigarettes will disappear in the future. On that day, the question we are talking about will not exist any more.Smoking, which is a cruel killer for our healthy body; it's not serious to regard it as a fierce monster at all. As a result, smoking itself brings no good anyway, and being smoked is more dangerous and the more important is that we should take an active part in voiding this unnecessary damage. As the first step, I think smoking should be completely banned in public, especially at the restaurant, where so many people gather to have a rest and lunch. For one, smoking itself is not a beneficial thing, we shouldn't allow it to exist in principal, but the fact is, we can see smoking here and there. Under the circumstance, for another, measures should be taken to forbid the smokers smoking at all restaurants for the sake of most people, like the older, women and children, it is our duty to keep them far from smoking. In addition, our country has our special situation: first, we burden the heavy pressure of a large population, and then, we couldn't deprive the life of smoking for the smoking industry still contributes greatly to our GDP. But even this, our government should make policy from the essential benefit of people, and firstly partly ban smoking at all restaurants, as with the deep development of our country in future, we will get the smoking out of our land completely and pay back a clean air for all of us. Last but not the least, for every person of our country, we should do all we can to build a comfortable atmosphere, and stay away from smoking, which is not only a kind of care for people around us, but for ourselves. It's said that cigarette was the only good which was sold to reduce the life of people. There are numerous researches to prove the harm of smoking and everyone knows the dangers of smoking. There are also many researches pointed out the dangers of second hand smoke, even it's more harmful to our health, few of us really aware of it. I hate smoking, I hate being a place filled with smoke, and it makes me feel sick. I notice that in many public places most smokers don't care about others' feelings. They smoke in public places as at their home, especially in restaurant. You can't imagine how bad mood you will have when you entered a restaurant filled with smoke and how disgusting it smells. That's all my real experience. So, one day, I think, maybe smoking should be completely banned by all the restaurants in the country. First of all, smoking is a personal choices, you totally have right to choose smoking or no smoking, but it doesn't mean the same applies to public places. Actually if you smoke in a public place, you are forcing others smoking with you, you are forcing them to do something which would be very harmful to their health. From a moral standard, smoking in restaurant is prohibited. Second, most of clients come to restaurant with a good mood, they want to enjoy their meal, then image that how will you feel when you eat an excellent food but in a small room filled with smoke. Based on those two reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned by all the restaurants in the country that should not only be done from moral perspective, but also from the law perspective.It is considered that smoking do harm to people. To the person who smokes, however, may be it can benefit them in some way. People have different preferences which lead to various perspectives. Personally, I don't agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. I support to restrict people smoking in public areas. Because smoking can not only hurt the health of smokers but also influence the passive smokers, it's reasonable to ban smoking in some public places. The restriction can help people quit smoking as well as benefit the nonsmokers. But, it's improper to ignore the feeling of smokers. People have right to do what they what if they don't hurt other ones. We all agree that it's impolite for people to smoke without the agreement of people besides. However, if smokers want to have a get together, why can't they share the pleasure of smoking? There are two alternative solutions. One is that restaurants can set some smoking area for smokers other than rub their right to smoke simply. Smokers should have smoking area to stay while nonsmokers can choose nonsmoking area. You won't think it proper when a ninety year old has to smoke standing outside the restaurant in winter after he have smoked indoor for sixty years. Another idea is that government can slightly decrease the tax if the restaurants which ban smoking. For some restaurant may afraid that policy will influence their income for lose some smoking customs.In recent years, we see more and more people smoke everywhere in public places like street, supermarkets, restaurants, and so on. Some people think we should ban smoking in all the restaurants in the country. Opinions of whether it should be banned in restaurants vary from person to person. First of all, as far as we know, smoking is bad for our health; Health body is our capital for struggling live, if we don't have healthy body, how can we live our life to the full? So you eat and smoke together in the restaurants, it is very harmful. More importantly, if you smoking in restaurant, it will influence other people where closed to you, these people who will have an uncomfortable feeling while he smelled this taste. They come to restaurants to have a good meal, not to smell cigarette smoke. We must put other's thoughts in our hearts, and can't leave the public behind. Most important, some people think that restaurants are comfortable places for those people who are busy all the days around. But the thoughts of others who can't live with smokes can't be over emphasized. Perhaps, to solve this issue is not easy at all, but it's worth trying. We should do our best, such as hold a speech in public announce that the disadvantage for smoking or do some more Public service advertising to improve the present situation. The government set a rule to force people smoke outside of the restaurants. I do believe it will be better in the future.Have you ever met the situation that when you are enjoying the delicious food in a restaurant, suddenly the boring smoke flies into your noses It becomes much common to see people smoking in the restaurant, which often make non smokers lose their appetite and feel annoyed to inhale second hand smoke?On account that cigarette could help people eliminate the feeling of loneliness and depression temporarily, more and more people begin to smoke. According to the survey, there are a large number of people smoking among every age. We cannot prevent everyone from smoking, but we need to exert ourselves to protect people who don't smoke from breathing in the polluted air which attributes to the smokers. We all know what's in second hand smoke, and also first hand smoke for the smokers. Cigarette is poisonous. Nicotine in it is a drug, so is the carbon monoxide from smoke. People who smoke would in all probability suffer from a variety of diseases and die prematurely. The second hand smoke is fatal to us the same as the first hand smoke, perhaps even more harmful. For the benefit of non smokers, smoking should be regulated in public places, especially in the restaurant. The smelly smoke not only ruins what could be a dainty morsel but also destroy people's health. Before we can advise all the smokers to abstain from smoking, I think there is absolutely no doubt that smoking should be banned in the restaurant in the country.Nowadays, more and more people have realized the disadvantages of smoking. Smoking is doing harm to not only smokers themselves but also some relative persons who are together with smokers. Namely, the negative influence of smoking can be passed among all of people. There are so many disadvantages of smoking. So should we have to ban smoking in the public restaurant? Of course not. In Chinese culture, smoking is always taking possession of most part in interacting. People even can't feel a perfect meal without smoking in the end. Maybe it's hard to change the habit formed several years. Besides, smoking is sometimes a way of communicating with others. During meals, some people smoke because they want someone to change the attitudes towards themselves. Some people smoke because they want to improve the relationship between others, while others want to deal with their business efficiently. Taking my family as an example. I have a big family, and of course males like smoking. My grandpa and my father as well as my uncles would smoke when women are cleaning the dishes after dinner. In their views, it's a good way to improve the emotion of families. And we are all used to that. For us, it's really difficult to change that immediately. So it's much better to obey the habit than to break despite of disadvantages of smoking. I fully agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. In fact, in some countries it has been written in the law and is being carried out now. My reasons are chiefly as follows. First, smoking is harmful to the smoker's health. According to the recent survey, those who smoke are much more likely to get lung cancer than those who don't and every year many people are dying due to diseases caused by smoking habit. In this case, we should not smoke for the sake of our health. Second, smoking not only do harm to the person who smokes but also the tremendous people who suffer from passive smoking. The supporters of smoking often claim that smoking is a kind of personal lifestyle that others even the government should not interfere. However, in my opinion, if you smoke in public places like restaurants, it's no more a personal matter and it not only harm other people's health but also creates a terrible environment for others. Last but not least, if you smoke in public places like restaurants, chances are that a big fire might break out and then threatens the safety of thousands of people. Therefore, no matter it is for your own health or the others', smoking should be forbidden at all the restaurants in the country and it is high time that the government took effective measures to solve the problem.It said on the cigarette boxes that: it's unhealthy to smoke. Smoking is not only bad to the smokers but also to the people around the smokers. When someone smoke cigarettes, harmful gases will arise and fulfill the room. The gases do harm to the smokers' lung, bleed cells, heart and so forth directly, which make smokers have more chances to catch heart or lung diseases. The harm gases also will hurt people who don't smoke but surrounded by smokers unconsciously. The harm to un smokers even more seriously, such as, it may make the babies in mother's body become unhealthy or even disabled. Besides, women, the old and children who always stay with the smokers are easier to get illness. In the meantime, the gases such as co2, no2 will do contribute to global warming. There are so many disadvantages for smoking, so smoking should be banned in public place, especially at restaurants. Because the restaurant is a place where people have meals and talk with companies. The harmful gases come from cigarettes will enter people's body directly and make the environment smelt badly. It's not only bad for customers' health but also for the business at the restaurant. Smoking should be completely banned at restaurants in the country.How do you feel if you enter a restaurant full of smoke? I want to escape from it as soon as possible. So in my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, restaurant is a public place where people go there for enjoying meals. If someone there smokes, the environment is polluted. Can you enjoy a meal at a place full of smoke? The majority of the customers will not walk in the restaurant. The person who smokes ruins a fantastic meal of others and sometimes also a good mood. So banning smoking can ensure a good environment for the customers. If you have a choice, would you enter a non smoking restaurant or enter a restaurant full of smoke? Smoking does harm to us and smoke makes us feel uncomfortable. So perhaps almost everyone will choose the non smoking one. It also means that it will appeal to more customers if a restaurant bans smoking. It is a conclusion that smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country will benefit both the owners of the restaurants and the customers. So the policy should be carried out smoothly and immediately.When you are enjoying a meal in a restaurant, the man who sits near you is smoking, would you feel have no interest in enjoying the delicious food and think the man is very tiresome. I don't know your answer, but I know when this happen to me, I would. I think it is a very bad behavior to smoking in public places, especially in restaurant, First, when one is smoking, other people besides him is also harmed by the secondhand smoke. As we know, secondhand smoke is worse for our health. Especially for women and children, they are affected more deeply. Many diseases are caused by smoke and secondhand smoke, this fact can't be ignored. Second, smokings in a restaurant makes many guests can't enjoy their meals, many people who don't smoke dislike smoking smell. Like me, when I smell smoke, I fell uncomfortable. When I come into a place filled with smoke, I can even not breathe. When we go to a restaurant, what we want is having a good meal and enjoying it rather than smelling secondhand smoke and we should have the right. So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. People who smoke should think about others more often and avoid smoking in public places.Many people are smoking in the restaurants. We all know the harm of smoking. So, I strongly support the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. I have this opinion because of the following reasons. Smoking is not polite in public place. If you want to smoke, it is your choice. But people around you can smell the smoke. Consequently, smoking in the restaurants will do harm to other people. I can think no better illustration of the idea than the example of my roommate. For instance, my roommate Sun who is used to smoking fought with other people in the restaurant because other people thought the smell is disgusting. I have another argument for my point. Have you thought about the question: how could you eat the food when you smoke? In other words, you can hardly enjoy your food. Actually, the situation is not rare, it is just one of many examples I have encountered. For example, my roommate is Liang. He often smokes when he have meal. Therefore, he is noticeably thin and apparently not healthy. Because of the above reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In many public places, you can see signs of "no smoking on the wall. Because restaurants are one of the public places too, of course, smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants. Smoking is bad for the health of smoker and others. It can cause bad things, such as lung disease, lung cancer and some other health problems. We stand pain when we fall ill, apart from this, in order to treat the illness; we spend money like water. It adds to the mental strain and financial burden on our family. When you smoke in the restaurants, people who don't like smoking have to bear the terrible smoke around you. Their health will be affected too by the smoke. You have no right to do so. In addition, smoking is one of the reasons that cause fire. There are many cases about fire disaster in restaurants every year. A part of the cases are caused by smoker. They throw cigarette ends and ash inappropriately. At last, by coincidence, fire breaks out. In the accidental there are the results of inevitable. If every smoker is careful enough and obeys the rules, fire disaster would reduce. In a word, smoking should be banned at restaurants as well as in other public places. It's good for everyone! Each of us must take responsibility for our own actions.Nowadays, it is universally acknowledged that smoking really does harm to our health. The sign of No Smoking can be seen everywhere in public places, such as vehicles, hospitals, of course restaurants and so on. So I'm for the idea that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in one country. For one thing, assuming that a restaurant is crowded with a number of smokers, how can the others around have a meal in such an atmosphere. Probably, the smoke can result in the disgust of other customers, who are considered to belong to the so called indirect smokers. If they have been in a situation like that for a long time, their health will be ruined sooner or later, what's worse, there even exists a possibility for them to get a cancer. For another, there are so many things easily to cause a fire especially in a restaurant that we should focus more attention on smoking. In case that people casually throw away smoked cigarettes in a restaurant, I can't imagine how severe the consequence will be. It's high time that we took some efficient measures to prevent people from smoking in public. Taking our health and safety into consideration, we may as well avoid contacting with smokers too frequently.Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country Smoking is a bad habit. It hurts our healthy and damages our lungs. It would give us a lot of bad effect. What's more? Smoking not only hurts ones' personal healthy, but also give others some bad effect. And restaurants are public place, many people can be influenced. As a special place, smoking should be banned at all restaurants. Another reason is that smoking is bad to society. Everyone hope to live in a beautiful surrounding. But smoker often throw matches and cigarette butts on the ground. And many people smoked in public. This will bring many troubles to surrounding people. As you know second hand smoke is just as harmful as first hand smoke and make damage to fetus and child. So smoking is not a personal problem. To society, smoking bring dirty environment, make stress among people and contribute various diseases.. So smoking is really a bad thing. It is effects everyone in public and influence many people. Just be banned at public, we can have a good environment to live and have a better restaurant surrounding to have a meal. I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons as follows. On the one hand, smoking itself does harm to people's health. The harmful substance which comes from cigarettes is not only bad for the smoker himself but also for the people around the smoker. A survey indicates that the person who smokes a lot has a higher risk of getting lung cancer which huge amounts of people die of every year. Besides the smoker, the people around the smoker also take in the poisonous gas into their lungs. So their health is threatened. On the other hand, restaurant is a public place. Everyone should take other's feeling into consideration. If someone smokes in a restaurant, the others will be affected. Because the smoke destroys the environment, it will probably affect other's appetite. Everyone is a part of the society, so it's our duty to think for others. So when we are in a public place, we should behave ourselves and be polite. What you do reflects your moral level. In general, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Do you agree with me?Nobody will deny that smoking is a scissors that cutting down the lives of the smokers as well as the smoke inhalers. In nowadays, many countries have carried out some measures to ban smoking in the public areas to reduce the harm of smoking to the least. But in our country, smoking still can be seen everywhere. I think some measures must be taken to diminish or ban smoking in some particular places like restaurants. There are some kinds of public areas in China gathering the most people like gardens, public squares, restaurants, etc. Different from the open areas of garden or square, the room of restaurants is closed and that makes air not circulate as easily as that in the outside. So smoke will linger in the room as long as possible, making the atmosphere inside bad for everyone in the room, especially for the children and the pregnant women. It has been claimed by the scientists that the passive smoke inhalers gain more harm to their health than the smokers themselves. So the restaurants have been becoming dangerous places for the passive smokers if smoking can't be banned there. It's time for the government to do something to clear up the atmosphere in the restaurants.Have you ever found that: when you have a dinner at a restaurant, you may see someone is smoking as if there are no other people around them? It is a common phenomenon in our society. And the question is that: shall we ban smoking at all the restaurant in the country?As for me, I don't think banning smoking in all restaurants is a good idea. We should give the right to the restaurant itself to make the decision. To begin with, banning smoking may hurt the restaurant's profit. If the restaurant bans smoking, it would make some customer who has a habit of smoking away from the restaurant, which will reduce its income. For some restaurants, if they have the single room for the customer, they can permit them smoke but not affect others. Then, this policy may influence people who have a habit of smoking. If all the restaurants ban smoking in the country, where can they have dinner? Absolutely, this will annoy many people. Last but not the least, I think it is not a feasible way to make this policy. The country is so large that we cannot make it practical to all of the restaurants. In general, I suggest that some of the restaurant should ban smoking; however, the other can permit smoking in the restaurant.I can't agree more with the suggestion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, it has been universally known that smoking is harmful. It not only does harm to the smokers themselves but also to the innocent people around. In addition, for the women who often smoke, it can affect the health of their unborn babies greatly. Secondly, in order to smoke, the smokers have to buy cigarettes. Always a bag of cigarettes is very expensive. Therefore, heavy smokers must bear a large pay for smoking. To them, they are just taking out of their money to harm their health. It is quite unwise. Also, there will be lots of people eating at the restaurants. Smoking at the restaurants can make the restaurants dirty and influence others. While smoking, people produce a lot of harmful gas into the air. It is bad to our environment. What's more, the behavior people smoke in the public can reflect how rude they are. So in order to build a modern and peaceful country, it is a good way to put a ban on smoking in the public. As far as I'm concerned, smoking should not only be banned at the restaurants but also throughout all the public places.Smoking should be banned in all restaurants nowadays; it is not very uncommon for most people to talk about whether Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Some people, especially smokers insist that smoking should be banned in all public places. Cigarettes give them inspirations and take them out of confusions. But, in my opinion, smoking should not be allowed in all public places. Here I'll give you some disadvantages of smoking. First of all, smoking is harm to people's health, not only to these smokers but also nonsmokers. There is a lot of data showing that many diseases are caused by smoking. Like, lung cancer, heart trouble, apoplexy, and so on. What's worse, the harm to the nonsmokers who breath in the smoke is much serious than smokers. Second, there are lots of fire accidents being caused by smoking in recent years. Some smokers throw the stumps away at will. It not only causes great loss, but also destroys the environment. Third, smoking in public places is not civil. It gives others an impression that these people who smoke in public places are selfish and immoral. Especially, what a bad impression it will leave to visitors from other cities or even other countries! In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all public places.Nowadays, the society cannot emphasize the important than to quit smoking. It is universally acknowledged that Smoking is harmful to your health. However, whether smoking should be permitted in the restaurants or not is a serious problem to think over. There are about two sides followed about this, most people include me insist on that any public area, like restaurant, must stay away from smoking. Smoke is not only terrible for people's lungs, but also the spark maybe causes a fire. At the same time, people should observe common courtesy when they in the public places, and try their best not to affect others activity. If they are smoking, the others will feel uncomfortable without doubt. Standing on these disadvantages, they hope the country banned at all the restaurants completely. Despite its merits, it also brings some problems to solve. For instance, someone, especially some adult male addicts to cigarette, they have dinner at the restaurant sometime, maybe they thought the dinner cannot without smoke, so that they cannot help themselves to use lighters. So, I rarely reach an absolute consensus on such a controversial issue. After a thorough consideration, I suggest that the country can set the majority of restaurants without any smoke, at the same time let the minority of allowed to smoke. Only in this way, I think, maybe can solve this complicated problem.Everyone knows that smoking is bad for people's health. It is even more serious in public, because people around the smoker also breathe the harmful gas. Experts have announced that smoking has a more serious effect on other people not the smoker, because it conclude many gas which will cause cancer. Government has noticed that, so they take some measures to protect people from suffer the disease, but it is doubtful whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Maybe someone think it's too strict. Well, let's see; if a behavior may cause diseases in a large environment, do you want it exist? Do you want to suffer diseases? Of course not. So, not only to smokers, but also to the people around him or her, it is acceptable to ban smoking at all restaurants. First, smoking is bad for people's health. It will result in troubles at people's lung. Second, when in restaurants, people are all enjoying a beautiful meal, when there is someone smoking, the smell of cigarette would make people feel uncomfortable, angry, even mad, so as restaurant itself, it needs to forbid smoking. So, as our college students, we should avoid smoking, or at least, not smoking in public. It is a primary common sense that everyone should obey. In order to protect people's health, we need to ban smoking in all restaurants. It will do good to everyone, also restaurants.It is known to all that smoking is hazardous to health, However many people are still enjoy smoking. Smoking is very harmful not only for smokers but also for non smokers, especially in public places. There is a heated discussion about whether smoking should be forbidden? My point of view is, absolutely, restaurant is a typical public place. Smoking in public places has already been banned in some countries. It is reported that from next year on, our country will also take such measures, and sure enough, some smokers and cigarette makers are strongly against it. Though smoking is thought to have the function of social, in some occasions, "have you got a light?" can reduce the distance. But, what about the non smokers, smoking affects non smokers more than it does smokers, cause smoking pollutes environment by giving much poisonous gas off into the air. In that case, the majority non smokers ought to union to supervise and against smoking, for the sake of both themselves and others. For another thing, restaurant is a place where we enjoy delicious food, the atmosphere should not be disturbed by annoying smoke. If you are a smoker who tried and failed to stop smoking, you are not alone. President Obama are also trying to kick that habit and continuing his efforts to quit smoking. Smoking been banned at all the restaurant in the country can urge you to keep on quitting.Nowadays, many people like smoking. We all know that smoking is bad for our health, but we can see people smoking almost everywhere. So it is very common to see people to smoke in restaurants. Many non smokers hate it. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are lots of people hate smoking in public places have to suffer from second hand smoke. So forbidding smoking at all the restaurant in the country is necessary. Smoking directly contributes to a large number of diseases, such as lung cancer. People like smoking have higher probability to suffer a cancer. People likes smoking also seems to live a shorter life. Smoking makes the environment in the restaurants bad, drives people into a bad mood and makes people cannot enjoy their delicious food. Smoking can also contribute to lots of accident in the restaurants. Lots of fires are caused by lighted cigarette butts, such fires always cause bad injure and big financial lose. So, we would better not smoke in order to live a better life. And to make other people don't get influenced, we need to stop smoking in the restaurants too. And smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.There is no doubt that smoking is one of the cruelest killers in the world. Until now, not only smokers but second hand smokers suffer from the poisoned smoke and many diseases resulted from it. Many public places signs that No Smoking, but it doesn't work. However, I insisted that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, smoking is a direct way for suicide and murder. Smokers hurt their own lung and at the same time, the people around the smoker also breathe in the poisoned gas especially in the restaurants. Just imagine the situation that you are eating your delicious meal, but the table beside you give out a choking smoke, do you still have the mood to enjoy the meal? Then, based on many surveys, smoking can result in many kinds of disease which lead to death. Even the new born babies are influenced by smoking. So who want to take a risk of getting deadly disease? Many men form a habit of smoking at a certain time, such as after the meal. They can't help doing that and the other people have no choice but to tolerate it. Above all, what should we do? As I think, the government should set a series of rules about smoking ban. Perhaps more importantly, we citizens should have an aware of reducing the smoke. It's being of great importance that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants at the country. Only with the power of law and moral, can we enjoy a no smoking environment during our dinner or anything other.Nowadays, it is not very uncommon see many people smoke in the restaurants. So people are discussing whether smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. Some people think that smoking should not be banned in restaurants because they are smokers themselves. They think smoking help them a lot in many sides. But, in my opinion, smoking should not be allowed in restaurants. Here I'll give you some reasons of my idea. First of all, smoking is harm to people's health, not only to these smokers but also nonsmokers. Scientists have show that smoking can cause lung cancer, heart trouble, and so on. Smokers feel very happy when smoke after meal in restaurants. But doctors say it is very dangerous if smokers smoke after meal at once. What's worse, the harm to the nonsmokers who breath in the smoke is much serious than smokers. So non smokers hate people smoke in the restaurants. Second, there are lots of fire accidents being caused by smoking in recent years. Some smokers throw the rest of cigarette on the ground. It causes fire and terrible disaster. In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. If we do this from now on, people will have a safe and clean place to have a good meal and enjoy themselves. Smokers can smoke outside if they want.There are still a lot of people smoking nowadays, though it is obviously harmful not only to the smoker's health but also to the nonsmokers'. When a cigarette is fired, it releases much harmful gases. Also cigarettes contain a lot of chemicals which are poisonous enough to make the smokers be ill. They could get diseases such as lung diseases, cancer and so on. What's more, smoking will damage the smokers' beauty because one's teeth will become yellow when smoking regularly. So except the damage to the body, nothing will it bring to the smokers. Aside from the damages to the smokers, it also does harm to the non smokers who are called second hand smokers. The second hand smokers breathe the smoke unconsciously. But they breathe into the harmful chemicals after all. And these chemicals will bring more damages to the nonsmokers than to the smokers. Meanwhile, it has been proven that if the second hand smoker happened to be a woman who has a baby, the baby will get more chance to be dead or abnormal when born. Harmful as it is, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In that way, we can have a healthy meal and enjoy our meal to the fullest.According to the researches done by scientists recent years, smoking is bad for not only the smokers themselves, but for the people around as well, which is usually called secondhand smoke. But as is often the case we see every day, people smoke no matter they are, such as restaurants, parks and even on public transportation, thus causing so many people trouble. On the one hand, smoking does harm to people related; on the other hand, smokers also leave others a bad impression. To solve this serious problem, many countries call on people to stop smoking in public, some of them even ban people from smoking in the restaurants. This causes a wide debate, for many hold the opinion that they are deprived of their basic civil rights of a free lifestyle. However, the majority agree with this policy, thinking that it protects the most of the people. Banning smoking is necessary, taking the significance of restaurants into account, for if we have our meals with Nicotine every day, we can't totally absorb the nutrition, let alone health. Also, as most of the people think, smoking in public means a lack of social morality to some degree. All in all, banning smoking is very necessary and important. I think if everyone quit smoking, the environment will be better and we will be healthier as well. I hate the smell of the cigarettes. As a result of this, I support all the smoking forbidden activities, though some of my families have the bad habit of smoking. This time is no exception, either. I positively agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking not only does harm to the smokers, but also leaves a bad influence on the people around them we just call those "second hand smokers". Restaurants are the places where people eat food. If someone else smokes here, the other people in the restaurant just become the second hand smokers. They always "eat" the smoke into their body while they are having the food. As we all know, smoke is harmful, especially to the children and the pregnant women. Restaurants are the public places, so the government should take the benefits of all the people into consideration. What's more, smoking while eating is a behavior that lacks respect for others. For the smokers own, they will give a terrible impression on the rest of the people. And the more serious consequence is that you may ruin your figure which you set up carefully. I guess that the people who are used to smoking have a completely different idea. They might think smoking banned in the restaurants harms their rights. What we can do for this is to set aside a room as smoking room for smokers. However, all in all, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I will always be on this side.It is generally acknowledged that smoking harms not only people who smoke but also those who around the smoker. So it causes a social problem about whether smoking should be banned in the public places. For example, now we want to talk about whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There is no doubt that we only have a Yes answer. Though it is hard to carry it out, we have innumerous reasons to support this action. First of all, health comes first. Every day restaurants are full of all kinds of people. For example, if there are smokers in the restaurant, considering that there is no fresh air, the smoke will harm everyone here. If a man who never smokes goes to restaurants, it equals that he is forced to smoke every day. Besides, assuming a woman who has a baby in the restaurant, the health of the baby will be greatly affected. Then the illnesses caused by smoking will become more and the rate of death will rise. It is obvious that the average of lifetime will fall down. As it happens like this, where stands a healthy person in the earth? That is terrible!For the health of all the human beings, we really should take some measures. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Then our life must be better. As we all know, nowadays smoking is banned at some restaurants in the country so that those smokers are no longer allowed to smoke in these public places. In my opinion, smoking is not a healthy behavior. And this new rule is good because that banning smoking improve people' health. Smoking can lead to many diseases such as lung cancer. What is worst, when those smokers are able to smoke in these public places, they can also make others sick. But others just could not force smokers to stop smoking until smokers realize their behavior will bring harm to others. However, there are few smokers pay attention to it. Therefore; it is unfair to those nonsmokers to get sick. When banning smoking in public buildings, it will please those nonsmokers. And now with this new rule, smokers have few opportunities to smoke so that it will also improve their health. Also, less smoking in public can do good to our environment. In public places, the harm of smoking is greater. This is connected with another effect of smoking. That is, smoking pollutes environment by giving much poisonous gas off into the air. However, those smokers say that it takes away some of their right and freedom. I think it is a one sided view. If someone wants to smoke, there are also some private places allowed. Therefore, smokers will choose to smoke in private, not in the public places. In fact, smokers still have their freedom of smoking. In a word, I think, smokers had better give up smoking, not only in private places, but also in the public places, everywhere. It will be beneficial to all of us.It is no doubt that smoking is harmful to health, but in terms of banning completely at all restaurants in the country, that would arise a fierce dispute in the issue. Smokers would say they feel better after smoke in spirit. It is true that smoking improve one's spirit. But, the improving bases on hurting others' interests, meanwhile it do harm to themselves too. Smoke consists of a lot of harmful gas, including Tar, Nicotine and Carbon monoxide. Smoking in restaurants will contaminate the air. People in the restaurant will sure suffer from second hand smoke which will do much more harm to them. Too much smoking in the restaurant, the smoke will be to remain in the rooms for a long time. Just use your imagine, you cannot use your meals and have a good rest just because of the remain smoke, that is a thing which can drive you mad. It should be banned because the percentage of non smokers is higher than active smokers so non smokers have right to clean air and stop smokers from smoking in the restaurants. What's more, it offend against the law to smoke in public places including restaurants. So, for a better environment, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.In modern life, more and more people are addicted in smoking. In china, smoking has been banned only in some limited public places. So, if you walk on the road or other public place, you will see many people smoking. But in fact, it is not healthy for people, especially the second hand smoking. The second hand smoking is the smoke that is breathed out by the smoking man. It is more harmful for people. It will increase the possibilities of having cancer or other disease in lung. In addition to the harmful aspect, smoking in public also expresses a bad image on others. Maybe someone thinks that it is cool to smoke. They look on smoking as a good way to show themselves. However, it is just a misunderstanding. Smoking will not brighten your image. On the contrary, it will bring you many negative influences. Finally, smoking does much harm to the environment. It will pollute the air. When we breathe the unclear air, we may well be ill. Smoking at a restaurant is harmful in particular. In a word, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. As the less smoking we take, the healthier we will be. Someone likes to smoking, but someone does not like. If somebody smoke in the restaurant, he may disturb others or annoy someone. But, I am not in favor of banning smoking in the restaurants completely. Those are my reasons. Firstly, I don't believe that everyone can stop smoking when he stays in some place. To the heavy smokers, stopping them smoking is terrible like death. Secondly, for example, in our country, the cigarette companies are in the control of the government. Its benefits for the government are great, which advances the development of our country's economy. Thirdly, smoking or not is determined by smokers themselves. No one can force them to do something. In my opinion, smoking can be banned at some restaurants in the country, but not all. Whether smoking should be banned depends on the restaurants'needs. I have some suggestions. The restaurants can provide a special room for the smokers. And if the restaurants have the conditions, they can equip with equipment of dealing with the snoking. All of those are my ideas.As we all know, in need of business communication, many people select to smoking in the restaurant; but I don't support this action. In my view, smoking should thoroughly be banned in the restaurant. I consider that there will be a majority of people standing on my side. At first, smoking does harm to personnel's health. It can damage human's immerse system and lead to life span's decreasing. Then, I think it is uncivilized behavior to smoking in the restaurant; especially when others are eating, your this behavior will influence others' emotion. Perhaps you will say it's interactive necessity; but I think you can entirely use wine instead of smoking, at least it won't influence the atomaspher's quality so as to effect others' emotion. At last, cigarette is easy to cause a fire if you throw it anywhere with dimming it out. In totally, smoking in the restaurant has one hundred harms but without one advantage. In addition, I really hate someone who smoke in the restaurant very much. This behavior will lead to my appitate's losing. As a result of this, I strongly reject this behavior that people smoke in the restaurant. Your action isn't your single one's action and it will influence others. Therefore, I suggest that smoking be completely banned in the restaurant.I am in favor of the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because some reasons listed below. First, no smoking can show respect for others. Restaurants are public places in which there must be many people who are non smoking or even hate the smoke of cigarettes. If you don't want to be blamed by others or spoil your image, you'd better get rid of your addictions to cigarettes. Second, the restaurant is a place to enjoy delicacies rather than cigarettes, so it is just not the right place for someone to light his cigarettes. Though I am non smoking, I don't think it will be more delicious to eat with a cigarette or two. Third, as is known to all, smoking will do harm to our health. In that case, a total ban on smoking in a restaurant is a way to limit the number of cigarettes for heavy smokers, though the number can be limited is very small. In conclusion, restaurants are places where fresh air is needed and the smell of cigarettes will spoil the appetite of most guests. So, it is a reasonable measure to forbid smoking there. So let the government do something from now on to ban it.Some people think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with it. There are some reasons to support my idea. In Chinese traditional custom, many people getting together are a pleasure, especially in a restaurant. However, the reality is that many people smoke in restaurants. Then people feel uncomfortable because others smoke in the restaurants. In my opinion, as a public place, restaurants are opening for every customer who wants to spend money on meal. So if one is smoking in a restaurant may annoy others, it is not a good idea for the boss to allow this action's existing. On other hand, many people who hate smoking may feel sick when they smell smoke so that they cannot enjoy their meal. For a long time, there will be no customers' presenting in the restaurant. That will be a big loss for the restaurant. If it becomes more serious, some customers may get disease even by having second hand smoke in the restaurant. Smoking in a restaurant, as far as I am concerned, is not a polite behavior. So smoking in public should be banned and smoking in restaurants should be banned too. You can see many people smoking at everywhere, on the road, in the subway, and in the restaurants. I think smoking should be banned at public place, especially at all the restaurant. In the first place, restaurants is public place, and there are many people stay in a almost closed place, which cause the air in the restaurant isn't very fresh. Moreover, Somking will make this condition even worse. Everyone knows the harmfulness of the second hand smoking, especially to the pregnant woman, so I against smoking in the restaurant firmly. Secondly, smoking is a kind of addiction, if someone pick out a cigarette and want smoke, someone else who see this can't help smoking. And it's very normal when a person want to smoking, he will invite others smoke with him. People around then will feel being disturbed when they are making smoke. In my opinion, government and the restaurants should associate to ban the people who smoke in the restaurant. They can make a signal in the noticed place, and smoking person can go to someplace private, like washroom. In a word, smoking isn't a good hobby, and I think it's really a disturbing thing when a person smoking in the restaurant. So I think it's really necessary to ban smoking in the restaurant.I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, smoking is not good for our health. Nowadays, a lot of people pass away because of smoking. When someone smokes, the fog will be in the air, so it makes the air not fresh. Unfortunately, if somebody breaths the fog, the poisonous physic will do harm to one's health and it is for you and for other people. When you smoke in a restaurant, you may feel it is a normal thing to yourself but it may be not a pleasure thing to other people in the restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant will break the harmonious circumstance and influence the feeling of people who are having their food. I think it is not a great thing to break one's good mood when you know your behavior will have this effect. I know it may be difficult for people to stop smoking in the restaurants but this policy is necessary. Although the origin is hard, I think if you persist, it will have a surprising success. Smoking completely bans at all the restaurants in the country that can make a good model to other political measures. Banning smoking may have a good effect on decreasing population who are smoking now and will be addicted to smoking. I think it is a good policy.I agree with the idea because I think it is really bad to smoke in the public, such as restaurants. We all know that there are still many people smoke in the public, nowadays. It has many bad effects for all the people, not only yourself, but also the others. On the one hand, though people are finding it entertaining to smoke, it does harm in several ways. You will breathe bad air. In the same way, it will have bad effects on the people around you in the public places. From a professional standpoint, smoking in the public places makes everyday bad. On the other hand, it does harm to the atmosphere, and it will affect the environment, too. We all know that there are many people in the public places, so it is hard to make the air clean. After a long time, the air will become worse and worse. Maybe it can cause some diseases. In a word, it has many bad effects. We should control ourselves not to smoke in the public places. In conclusion, we can't smoke in the public places. Because there are many bad effects. Apart from the two bad effects, there are many other bad effects. So let's stop smoking in the public places.As we all know, smoking is harmful to our health. Smoking in public is prohibited. Now, in many public places are set special smoking room, giving people who want to smoke providing a place. In my opinion, this is a very good method to prevent people from smoking in public places. Why we all say that smoking is harmful? Although in some smokers opinion, smoking is to alleviate the pressure of work, can let their spirits up. But, smoking has serious threat to people's health. Our health is very important. We can reduce our stress by many other ways. For example, we can go out to travel or chat with friends. These are some useful method to release our minds. Then, Smoking let us spend a lot of money. This is a kind of unnecessary spending. If we donate these money to the hope project, it will be how meaningful. Smoking in public is very immoral. Because, while your smoking in public, other non smokers also can be affected. We should consider for others because this is very important. For the sake of our health, we should try to minimize the number of smoking. In a word, smoking is harmful to our health.In our country, smoking was enjoyed only by man long time ago. As the status of woman now is promoted in present day society, they can smoke like men and even regard smoking as the symbol of fashion. What's more, smoking is becoming popular among many young persons. At any places, the smoking persons can be seen any places. However, as to me, it's an ugly behavior especially in public places, such as restaurants. I advocate that smoking should completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, smoking has a serious bad effect on our health. Cigarettes contain various poisonous elements which can be deadly in some degree. If somebody is addicted to it, his body will be exhausted gradually. In public, most of people want to live in harmonious environment and don't hope to be surrounded by smog which is spread by smokers. The smog can be breathed in by others who stay beside the smokers and have no habit to smoke. At this time, it does more harm than the smokers. Furthermore, many people will have a headache or have no appetite on food when smog fills the air at restaurants. When the rest of a cigarette is thrown down with going out, it may cause a fire. To create harmonious environment at restaurant, to appreciate the delicious food, to care about the health of your friends and families, please stop smoking.Recently, some people appeal the government to make a new law to ban people smoking in restaurants. More and more people started paying attention to this thing. It is related to the idea that building a healthy and clearly environment in public places in our country. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. On one hand, as we all known, smoking is bad for our health, no matter we are smoker or people who don't smoke but breathe the smoke in the air. The harmful things in cigarette are not only do harm to our lungs but also our brains. To keep our body more health, we should not smoke. On the other hand, restaurants are public places, a large number of people eat meat in there every day. For us who extremely don't like smell the flavor of smoking, it is a loathed thing that smells the smoke. And it is harmful to our health, especially to the children. What's more, a survey shows that if people smoke when they are eating the bad effect will enormously than other times. So we should forbid smoking at all the restaurants. Since that case, I believe that it is a good thing to ban smoking at the restaurants in the country. Because not only us dislike smoking but also the smokers will benefit a lot from it. And it can also help those people who want to give up smoking to keep away from the cigarette. Not only men but also women smoke around the world. However, there is one thing that deserves us discussing, if smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country. in my opinion it is a good chose to ban smoking in all restaurants. To start with, restaurants are the places for people to eat food. If you smoke, it will not only pollute the environment but also does harm to other people's health. Because we all know there are many diseases linked with smoking. for example people who smoke are easier to have cancer than others who do not smoke, so smoking in public is not polite even unequal to other person. what's worse, smoking is unsafe. Building a restaurant needs a lot of money, just a cigarette may cause a fire which will destroy the whole restaurant. In a word, as far as I am concerned, it is necessary to ban smoking in the restaurants in the country. We can image if there were no smoking in all the restaurants what our environment will become and may be people can live longer than when smoking is not limited in public. Considering all the aspects, banning smoking does brings no harm to anything around us but good.I think that smoking should be completely banned in the restaurants. Nowadays, smoking becomes more and more popular in almost every situation. No matter at home or in public places you can always find that someone is smoking. The air is filled with smoke. I hate smoke and smoking, so I strongly agree that smoking should be banned in public places especially in the restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking is bad to smokers' health. It will shorten their lives. What's more, it will do more bad to the people around. Their families, friends and others will be forced to smoke. This would be a quite terrible thing. Secondly, smoking in the restaurant can be even worse. When other people are eating and drinking, the smoke flies to them, around their nose, mouth even the whole body. They will feel extremely angry and terrible. Many people used to smoking when dining. You can often see this scene: a man is drinking with a cigar in his hang. This action is not cool but impolite to others. Above all, smoking so harmful and terrible that we should ban it the restaurant. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Almost at every place even at school, we could see some persons smoking. Sometimes, we can ignore the smokers; after all, they are not smoking near us. But what if they smoke in public just in the restaurants? In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In the first place, the smokers themselves are the most direct victims of smocking. As is known to us all, cigarettes contains a kind of material called nicotine which will do harm to human bodies, especially to the smokers themselves. Moreover, the harmful smoke will also have an indirect bad effect on those around the smokers. In addition, restaurant is a public place for people to have their meals. And all the individuals in the restaurants need a clean and comfortable environment. Let's say, someone smokes when you are having you dinner, what reaction will you have? I'm sure you will be angry and ask the impolite smoker to stop smoking or smoke somewhere else. Besides, there's no doubt that smoking in public can cause a dilemma situation between you and your companions. To conclude, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It will decrease the risk of harm the health both of smokers themselves and people around. At the same time, it also contributes to making a quiet, clean and comfortable atmosphere in public.There are a lot of people are addicted to smoking. So many people like smoking in the public without other's health and warnings. Why? Perhaps they think it is cool for them to light a cigarette and blow the smoke to the air. Or they form a habit of having a cigar in the mouth. But it's really a bad behavior in the public for both yourself and others around you. From my point of view, smoking in the public places will bring about a lot of problems. First, it do harm to anyone who around you. Cause these people are victim smokers. And among them, perhaps there're someone who are ill or sick, if they smell your smoke, they will get worse or evenly die. Second, if you smoke in the public places, our fresh air will be dirty in this limited space. Public space belongs to everyone and no one have the right to pollute it. Everyone have their obligation to contribute to our society and we shouldn't do something bad to our society. Finally, there will be more rubbish on the street such as the dog ends. And if the lighting dog ends are thrown carelessly, perhaps a fire will be set and it will lead to a tragedy. So it is meaningful to ban smoking in the public places. As we all know that people in our society should be of the educated men. It is our tradition and our rank to be a polite and well behavior people so that our nation will become stronger and everyone in that general mood of society So, we should ban smoking from the root, it really do harm to people's health. China has a large number of smokers. Many young boys and girls have the habit of smoking; some of them are middle school students. Even plenty of smokers have stepped into the restaurants. Most of nonsmokers hate the social phenomenon and the same to me. I hold the view that smoking should be banned especial at the restaurants. I clearly know that they inhale the second hand smoke in restaurants that would greatly harm to our health More and more people have come to know that smoking is bad for people's health. It can cause lung cancer, lead to respiratory problem and heart problem. Admittedly, the smokers want to eliminate their pressure and relax themselves. Hanging a cigarette at the corner of the mouth makes them feel right and sure. The key to issues is they should not hurt other's feeling, while smokers should not pollute the clean air at the restaurants and do harm to others. Second hand smoke is almost as medically hazardous to exposed non smokers as it is to the smoker. All in all, I strongly advocate banning smoking in public. Not only is it good for the smokers themselves but also do their great contribution to our human being and our green world. As we all know, there is a normal phenomenon that customers smoke in the restaurants. Some people think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because smoking in restaurants has the bad effect on environment and people's health. Others believe smoking can be allowed in some special situation. Personally, I agree with the former opinion. The main reasons lie in the following facts. On the one hand, smoking in restaurants has influence in the environment. Restaurant is a place where people have meals and rest. If a lot of customers smoke in restaurants, there will be air pollution. Others who do not smoke will have a bad mood when they are eating. On the other hand, smoking in restaurants is harmful to people's health. It is obvious that when people are smoking they can absorb the polluted air. Because of this reason, people will get different diseases, such as cancer. People cannot survive longer time. So smoking in restaurants poses a great threat on people's health. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country so as to avoid the downside. And I think everyone should take responsibility for themselves.When I go to the restaurant, I always face the problem of smoking from people sit near my table. I don't like the smokers so much. I think that the government should ban people from smoking in the community. When I go to the park or the shopping mall, I always come across many smokers smoke and they make the awful atmosphere in the area. Smoking is a terrible thing for human health. It makes people be cancer and damage the lung. People who smoke may think that there is no harmful effect to the health. The truth is smoking is harmful both smoker and people who stay near the smoker. You can see from the advertisements on the television. They are trying to persuade that smoking is not good for the health of smoker and the people who stay near them. I think that the restaurant should not allow the smoker to smoke in the restaurants. We should not let the smoker go in to the public place too such as university, hospital, shopping mall, market, concert and movie theater as well. Finally, we must inform the smoker why we do not want them smoke in the public place because it will make people be harmful and unhealthy. If the smoker can decrease their cigarette per day they can have a long life.I agree with banning people from smoking at all the restaurants in the country. Some businesses now say that no one can smoke cigarettes in any of their offices. Some governments have banned smoking in all public places. And I think restaurants are the place where people have meals and relaxation, smoking will have terrible effect on them. As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment. Smoking can lead to many diseases, such as lung cancer. In public places, the harm of a smoking is greater. This is connected with another effect of smoking. That is, smoking pollutes environment by giving much poisonous vapor off into the air. Therefore, that the government ban smoking is very necessary and important to us. It is a measure to protect our health and environment. Some people say that it takes away some of our freedom. I think it is a one sided view. If one wants to smoke, he may smoke in private, not in the public places. In fact, smokers still have the freedom of smoking. All in all, banning smoking at all the restaurants is very necessary. I think, smokers had better give up smoking, not only in private places, but also in the public places, everywhere. It will be beneficial to all of us.It is almost known to all that smoking is bad for people's health. Scientific researches show that smoking can lead to heart disease, cancers and other healthy problems. We can find more and more people smoke in public places, such as bus stations, streets, and restaurants and so on. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the countries. I think smoking is forbidden in the public places is a measure to help people keep away from the harm of smoking. As we all know, it is difficult to stop smoking for smokers. One reason is that smoking usually becomes a habitual behavior. However, whether good or bad habits are not easy to be given up. Another reason is the effect of nicotine. It makes people addict to smoking. Besides, most smokers said that smoking can excite themselves when they feel tired or do not want to work. Now that giving up smoking is so difficult for smokers, we should give a hand to them. So it is a good way that people are not allowed smoking in the restaurants. On the one hand, this measure helps smokers to control their desire of smoking. On the other hand, it is also good for other people's health. In a word, we should take all kinds of measures to limit smoking. Health is the most important thing in our life.Smoking should be completely banned in restaurants not only for the health of other people, but also for the atmosphere. Many people think that smoking is an exciting way to rest them. Some people think smoking can make them be a handsome person, especially the young. But some people smoking just because their friends' influence. They smoke everywhere, not caring other people. As we all know, smoking can hurt our health, both body and mind. If a person is sitting with a smoking person, he will be more dangerous than the smoker. Restaurants are public places, many people get together here, talking, singing, eating and doing other things. They will be very happy without any pollution. However, if a person is smoking, they may be dangerous because of smelling the smoke, and they cannot eat quite well for they cannot smell the smoking. They may be not able to eat anything, and then they would go. Thus, smoking may broke a harmony atmosphere. In a word, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants; it hurt the smoker as well as others. For the purpose of protecting the health of people, especially the people in public places, smoking should be banned.As our society develops, more and more people are tending to smoke to relax and show their taste and status. But I think it is wrong to smoke in a restaurant. So we should try to ban smoking in the restaurants. Firstly, smoking does harm to people's bodies. Many cancers are caused by smoking. In the same time, it also does harm to the second smokers. People who do not smoke but smell the smoke are inflected as well. For your health and others' please stop smoking. Secondly, smoking can produce bad smoke and it will pollute the air in the restaurant. Restaurant is a place for people to eat and relax. No one would be willingly to sit in a smoke full place. And smokers also could not enjoy their meals as well. At last, it is impolite to smoke in the public space like restaurant. Smoking not only costs money and time also the image of a person. Not smoking in a restaurant shows your respect to other consumers. We can see a person's virtue of patience from his behavior. A good person will not smoke in a restaurant. Although we cannot ignore the advantages of smoking like relax and joy we should forbid smoking in restaurants.Should smoking be banned in all public places? I think it is a very serious problem during the smokers. Some support the policy, some against the policy. It is hard to decide which is right or wrong. In my mind, I support the point to ban the smoking in all public place, like restaurants, bus station, and so on. Not for others, but also for the smokers. Various modern researches show that smoking is very harmful to smoker. Smoking causes various diseases for example, when smoking much oxygen is used and less oxygen come to the brain, lungs and heart. This is very dangerous to young people. People should have a good health to do everything. Without a health body, person cannot do something that you like to do. Smoking also has great influence on family. As you know, smoking cost a lot of money. So smoking is not a lightly economic burden. And more terrible things are that smoking will damage DNA, which will change family from physiology and smoking cannot be stopped easily like drugs. According above statements, smoking should be banned because smoking is harmful to health, bad influence on family. Banned smoke can bring us comfortable living environment. Only a comfortable environment, people can live a happy live. So I support the idea to ban the smoking on public.Why the sign 'No Smoking' is placed everywhere? Because we all know that smoking is bad for our body and our environment. So smoking should be banned everywhere, no matter at restaurants or other places. There are some reasons below. On the one hand, smoking makes the air polluted. I think no one likes to breathe dirty air when they are at table. Besides, restaurant is a public place, where someone' behavior should not threat others' benefits, and smoking is such that makes damages to people. One the other hand, smoking just means to suicide slowly. Many reports have said that smoking is harmful to our lungs and increases the rate to get lung disease, not only the smoker but also others around them. In fact, the latter are more likely to get ill. So for the sake of our family and earth, everyone should stop smoking no matter where and when. As we all know, there is no benefits to smoke. Since restaurant is a loyal place to have meal, all of us should respect the public place. That is to say, we should try our best to fight with smoking, and smoking should be banned at all restaurants in country.At the first glance of the title, certainly no one can argue that many, the answer is Yes. Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Recent two decades have witnessed the rapid development in science and technology. The standard of our life is highly promoted. Smoking has found its way into our everyday life and gained increasing popularity among people. Now more and more people have joined the group of smoking in the restaurant. However, we should realize the seriousness of this phenomenon. Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. There are many reasons that may account for this point, and the following are the most obvious aspect. To start with, smoking is bad for people's health. People who smoke frequently more probably have lung cancer than those who do not. Restaurant is a public place. Smoking in the restaurant affects too many people. Most people hate the terrible smell of cigarette, because it is harmful to their health. Secondly, smoking in the restaurant sets a bad example for children. Children may be so curious as to learn from them. Thirdly, to some extent, smoking in the restaurant is very dangerous. Some careless smokers may throw the left cigarette conveniently. Their behavior may lead fire. To put it into a nutshell, smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Smokers should make great efforts to give up smoking and live a happy and health life. I believe there will be a no smoking world in a short time. Nowadays, more and more people smoke. When you walk on the street you can see people smoking, when you are shopping in the shops you also can see people smoking, you can see the scenery in many places, but whether we should ban smoking in the restaurant. Different people have different views about this question. In my opinion we should ban smoking in the restaurant because it is where people eat food and have a rest there. If someone smoke there it can affect other people, people' emotion can be bad then so they may not come to the restaurant to have meals any more. And we all know smoking is very bad for our health. It can cause smokers to have some disease. Non smokers sit around them when they smoke can also have some diseases. So smoking should be banned in the restaurant to keep everyone safe and healthy. Smoking in public is also a bad thing, it can affect your personal image. Children in the restaurant may learn from your example. But sometimes there are many people in the restaurant so people have to wait for a long time to have meals so they feel very boring to smoke, it needs restaurants to take actions to improve the efficient. In a word, I agree with the opinion that we should ban smoking in the restaurant.There are many disadvantages to smoking. Smoking has bad effects on our healthy. The one who smoke in public, not only affect himself, but also affect the others around him. However, more and more people join the group of smoking, especially the young people. They are curious to smoking and are attracted to have a try. What's more, some people smoke in anywhere such as restaurants without others' feeling. Face this phenomenon; some people suggest that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. The restaurants should be very comfortable where people can enjoy their dinner and chat with each other. But now in the restaurants we can't be so happily that we want to leave as quickly as possible. Why? Because almost every man is smoking, there is no room for people to breath. The women and children all can't stand completely. Also the guests can not have the sense of which family are eating together at home, they will feel disappointed to the restaurants. And it is very hard for the restaurants to develop in the future. However, some people say that smoking in the restaurants is their right. They can smoke freely. In my view, I agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. We do anything shouldn't affect others.Smoking in public places has become a big issue in today's society. Today, we will discuss whether the smoking in the restaurant should be banned. On the one hand some people think that banning smoking in the restraint is unfair to smokers and takes away from their freedom. On the other hand, however, some other people think that not banning it is unfair to the nonsmokers and puts our health in danger making it unsafe for us to go to public places where there are smokers. I agree with the latter. So we need to do something to stop smoking in the restaurant. There are a lot of harmful effects of smoking in the restaurant. Smoking affects lung and causes lung cancer. So if you smoke in the restaurant, you will harm yourself. Besides that, second hand smoke is very dangerous for people sit round smokers in the restaurants. They don't want to be harmed by this in the restaurant. The environment of eating in the restaurant is very significant because people go to restaurants to have meals and enjoy happy time. When you have meals in the restaurant, you feel someone is smoking so your emotion is being destroyed and you will not eat any more. The environment in the restaurant is ours so that everyone should protect it. In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. So everyone can have a healthy dinner in the restaurants.Whether smoking should be banned at all restaurants has become a controversial issue, arousing great public concern. Personally, I think it is a serious behavior to smoke at restaurant and we should not allow this condition. Should smoking be banned at all restaurants in our country? The answer is not so easy, of course. I think we can solve the problem in the restaurant by other way not just completely ban it. First and foremost, there's no denying that smoking does harm to the smokers and in the meantime to others. Although those people have been addicted to smoking, they are supposed to pay more attention to the others' health in public. Moreover, it is common believed that smoking destroy the elegant atmosphere at the restaurant. Therefore, I suggest that the government should create a place especially for the smokers and the problem will be solved gradually. Last but not least, educated as most Chinese people are, it is crucial for us to behave formally and gently in public. Something must be done in the restaurant to deal with the problem of whether we can smoke in the restaurant. In my opinion, we can set up a public place especially for smokers.It can be seen at many places that selling cigarettes and some people smoke in the restaurant, especially the persons who do business in society. But they do not know that they have influence others' heath. From my point of view, in the restaurant is not polite for us to smoke, also give a bad impression to other people. Just around us, in a restaurant not very large, if a person smokes at the table, and the vegetables with meat will polluted at the same time, the fresh air will be the pollution and the surroundings will become worse and worse. They do not care about this, just enjoy themselves and do what they want to do. Smoking in the restaurant is not only bad for our own health and habits but also take the inconvenience to others. In China we should give a good example to the others all over the world so that after this we will be proud of ourselves. In a world, it's not a good thing to smoke in the restaurant. Even through we are the students on campus, we still should do it first and do it well, and smoking has a very serious effect on our health not only in the restaurant but also at every place.I agree with the point that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have the following reasons to support my view. Nowadays, some governments have completely banned smoking at all the restaurants. This is a good idea for people don't smoke though it is unfair to smokers. As far as I am concerned, I think this is a good rule. Firstly, smoking which leads to some diseases like lung cancer is harmful to our health. What is the worse, many people around the world died because of smoking. Besides, it is not surprising that smoking will pollute the environment by giving poisonous gas off into the air. When people smoke in the restaurants, of course, the air in the restaurants will be polluted by the cigarette smoke. Other people will feel very uncomfortable to eat there. In addition, banning smoking in the restaurants can increase waiters' working efficiency. Smokers won't interrupt their work all the time to smoke. What is more, some people who are allergic to smoking in the restaurants cannot bear with the gas, which makes them sicker. Smokers think it is unfair for them but smokers can smoke outside of the restaurants when they really want to smoke in the restaurants. So from all the disadvantages of smoking and good points of banning smoking in the restaurant, we should ban it from now on in the restaurants.Recently the result of a survey has shown that the majority of Chinese think that smoking should be banned in all restaurants nationwide. Obviously, people always will not make an agreement on the same issue. Some others consider it very terrible to allow people to smoke in restaurants. For me, I am in favor of the former opinion. The followings are my reasons for my points of view. Firstly, as we all know, smoking harms people' heath, especially there are so many people in the restaurant, which includes children there. Secondly, with the rising income, more people would like to restaurant to have their dinners or enjoy the time with their friends. So most of people hope that the environment of the restaurant is more comfortable rather than dirty. Besides, some people think that smoking can make him relax when he is in trouble. In fact, only if they have a good motion, everything will be fine. Last but not least, if a person smoke in public, I believe that most people don't like him,. Because he doesn't take care of others' feeling, the kind of people is not popular among people. Of course I don't mean that we cannot smoke in all public places. After all, smoking also brings some advantages. To put it in a nutshell, I insist that don't disturb others when you smoke.Because of the extend to which smoking do a great harm to individuals' health of physical as well as mental aspects, people have taken a great deal of methods to ban smoking. Recently the actions are being taken in restaurants all over the country. However, there are still lots of problems when the smoking is completely banned in the restaurant. some people argue that this policy is not considerate to those who have been addictive to smoking. And the owners of restaurants also grumbled that because of the demure banning of smoking, they have lost some regular consumers who have been conducive to smoking. From my perspective, I don't think it is quite inhumane to banned smoking completely in restaurants for the simple reason that smoking does too much harm to people's health, such as heart disease, cancer, and so forth, nowadays even on the covers of cigarettes, there are also the alarming words: quit smoking which will do harm to your health. so I think now that we are determined to ban smoking to make contribution to our health, we should ban it thoroughly and completely. Even in restaurants or other public places. To cut it into a nutshell, smoking should be banned completely in all the restaurants around the world, only by doing this can we make the meet ends.People always have different points of view on even a tiny issue. So, people's answers to this question vary from one to another. Some people are in favor of smoking at restaurants while some others insist that it is unsuitable to smoke at there. For me, I agree with the latter. My reasons are mainly as followed:To start with, smoking brings many disadvantages to us. People who often smoke always get higher possibility of being ill. Smoking will cause a series of illness such as cancer, heart disease, and some other problems. Because of that, their lifetimes are usually shorter then those who do not. Secondly, people should obey their obligation to not smoke in all public places, including restaurants, shopping malls, transportation and so on. If one can't help smoking in public places, they should go to the room which is prepared for smokers specially. In addition, second hand smoke does harm to nonsmokers more than to smokers. Smoking in public places makes nonsmokers feel unpleasant from time to time. However, on the one hand, others think smoking in public places is ok. They view smoking as a important table manner especially in China's tables. On the other hand, good sales of cigarettes bring considerable benefits for these restaurants. Maybe the restaurateurs will not give up the way of earning money. To sum up, what we should do is to improve ourselves to become qualified smokers. Don't disturb others when we enjoy the pleasure of smoking.Have you ever seen the sign no smoking banding out the wall. Will you be annoyed because of the smoking? I think many people will say yes to these questions. For people who don't like smoking, of course, it is necessary to ban smoking in the restaurants in the country. In fact, many people say that it is justified to ban smoking in the restaurant. I agree with them. First, restaurants are public places. Smoking in them is too selfish. If smoke does harm to them, it is ok because they choose it. But other people around are harmed by the smoke too in the same restaurant. Secondly it will disturb the chatting between family and friends. When we are eating and smell the smoke in the restaurant, we feel very unhappy. We want a good place to have meals and chat with our family in the restaurant. Next is the safety to people in the restaurants. Because some people saw fire happened in restaurants sometimes are caused by people smoke there. Last, with the process of human's civilization, smoking is on the contrary of human's civilization. They are too selfish if they smoke in the restaurants. In short, as a civilized person and benefit the health of others, we should have a ban on smoking in restaurant.Firstly, I totally agree with the point. As we all know, smoking is a bad habit. Is there any advantages of smoking can be shown? The answer is obvious No. Therefore, smoking should completely banned at all the public place, especially in the restanrants. Secondly, let's analyse the disadvantages to the people who are sitting or standing around the smokers. If a person who are smoking, it is not avoid letting the seconghand smoking happen. It is very uncomfortable to inhale the smoke of a cigarette smoker. The restaurant is a limited room. When we are together with a smoker who are smoking, the smoke he exhales fills our lungs and also makes our eyes water. We are not smoker, but we are force to breath smoke filled air. It is unfair to us. So, smoking in public should be banned altogether, and the restaurant was included. We know that breathing smoke regularly, as in cigarette and other tobacco smoking, leads to increased rates of lung cancer in a dose dependent manner. It was said by the expert that tobacco smoke including secondhand smoke may also contribute to non lung cancers more than preriously thought. Finally, for the sake of everybody's health, I suggest that smoking should complete banned at all the restaurants in the country.In the world, millions of people are smoking. They smoke seriously not only at home but also in the public. When they meet difficulties, they will smoke a lot. When they have a lot worry, they will smoke. But I think it should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, restaurants are public places. When the smokers smoke in the restaurant, I think they don't consider others' feeling. Restaurant is a place to eat food. Everybody wants to have a good appreciate. But if there is someone who is smoking, I think we can't have a good time to enjoy our food. Secondly, smoking not only harms to smokers, but also harm to others. Smoking can cause than 1000 deaths of lung cancers. Second hand smoke affects women, children, and elderly people. Scientists also suggest people to smoke less or give up smoke. If smokers want to smoke, they must go out the restaurants or at home. Thirdly, a banned can help encourage smokers to give up smoke. If it isn't allowed to smoke in the restaurant, they can smoke less than usual. Also they can have a good time to enjoy their delicious food. Above all, I think smoke should be banned at the restaurant. Do this is not only good for smokers themselves, but also good for people who live near with them.There is no doubt that smoking is not healthy. People who are unconscious, however, smoke in the public place like the restaurant. So the behavior influences people's feeling and cause some complaint. In their view, we should ban smoking in the restaurant. In my opinion, I'm in favor of banning smoking in the restaurant too. Some reasons will explain my idea. As we all know, the restaurant is a public place to enjoy ourselves. It doesn't only belong to those smoking person. Of course, you can smoke, it's your right, but you can consider firstly other's feelings. Second hand smokers suffer more harmful than those smokers. Worse more, there are all kinds of person, such as children, the old people, some pregnant women and so on, are in the restaurant having their meals. The smell of cigarettes must have negative effect on them. Originally, we can have a good time with our family to have a dinner. Finally, we cannot enjoy ourselves due to smoking in the restaurant. If you can't help smoking, you can smoke outside, I believe no one can disturb and prevent you. Thus, the smokers enjoy and the others can enjoy their dinners. After the ban of smoking in the restaurant, everyone will be happy to have their dinners in the restaurants.More and more people have been addicted to smoking, even in the restaurant. In my opinion, I'm against this opinion to smoke and it is unacceptable, unreasonable to behave like this. People should not smoke in the restaurant. But we can do something to solve the problem. However, some people think that it is common and even enjoyable to smoke in the restaurant because they do have their own freedom and they have rights to do that. In addition, to some extent, smoking has been becoming parts of their lives. What's more, no smoking during the dinner may make them feel unhappy. On the contrary, other people argue that smoking should be banned in the restaurant. The reasons are as follows. At first, smoking not only does harm to their own health, but also others'. Moreover, it is undeniable that smoking is not suitable for the environment of the restaurant. We need good environment to have a meal in the restaurant. Last but not least, every customer has the same responsibility for protecting the surroundings during meals. Something must be done in the restaurant to deal with the problem of whether we can smoke in the restaurant. In my opinion, we can set up a public place especially for smokers. Thus the problem will not exist.As we all know that smoking does harm to our health. The topic 'Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country?' is so hot. In my opinion, the answer is yes. Obviously, smoking is bad for our health. Some smokers, however, like to smoke in public places, such as in the restaurant. When they are smoking in the restaurant, not only themselves, but also others will be infected. If smoking is allowed in the public places, the person who does not smoke will be infected and then they will be sick. At the same time, study shows that smoking does bigger harm to their health. This is unfair. On the other hand, smoking will pollute the air and the environment. You should know that smoking is dangerous. When you go to a restaurant, you will find that the table, table cloth and so on which are damaged by smoking. You can find holes in them. So you should understand the effects. We have a conscience by nature. So we cannot be selfish. Finally, it is a good idea to ban smoking in public places and in the restaurant because a ban can reduce conflicts and does less harm to human beings' health. At the same time, the environment we live in will be protected. Everyone can do it immediately.It is well known that restaurants are public places, while smoking is a personal preference. There is no doubt that smoking should be banned in all public places including restaurants all over our country. First of all, smoking is harm to our health. There are a lot of evidences and studies showing that many diseases are caused by smoking, such as lung cancer, heart trouble, and so on. What's worse, it will also do harm to the nonsmokers who are around you in the restaurant. In addition, smoking may probably cause security incidents. There have been lots of fire disasters causing by smoking in recent years. Some smokers throw the burning cigarette here and there. It will not only cause great loss, but also destroy the environment. It really does harm to our society and security It is hard to force some smokers who consider smoking a part of their life to give up smoking. They rely on cigarette, and think that smoking can relieve their innate anxiety. To solve this problem, setting a special room for smokers in public places is acceptable. In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all public places. In order to take care of yourself, you had better give up smoking and advise the smokers around you to give up smoking.There is no doubt that smoking is a bad habit. Many people in recent years have discussed the possibility of banning smoking completely in the restaurant. There is no argument anymore as to whether cigarettes are unhealthy or not. They can cause cancer, we all know, but we just can't stop smoking. So, from my point of view, the government should take some steps to ban it. Many countries now have laws banning smoking restaurants, because it is the place that people are eating and I am pretty sure that those people don't want to eat around the cigarette. For me, when I smelled the cigarette I want to throw up. I can't stand it. What's more, this is the public place. It is completely unreasonable to smoke. Some countries have taken actions to solve the problem. I think our country also needs to have laws to ban smoking in the restaurant. Also, I hold the view that the smokers should care about his or her own figure because smoking in the public place is immoral. Those persons don't care about others feelings. They are selfish!In conclusion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is perfectly right, for you for us, for all the people think it will benefit to us. So I support it! Nowadays, some business say that nobody can smoke in offices and some governments try to ban smoking in all public places. In light with this phenomenon, there is a hot issue on whether smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country or not arise. No doubt, I choose without hesitation, because there are too many benefits about banning smoking that outnumber its disadvantages. As we know, smoking is harmful not only to our health but also to the environment. Imagine that if you smoke in the restaurant and others are eating, you not only pollute the restaurant atmosphere but also disturb others because you give much poisonous gas off into the air. Some smoking say that it takes away some of their freedom. If you can't help smoking, you may smoke in private, not in restaurant or public places. If all factors are considered, it is no difficult to conclude that the advantages of banning smoking in restaurants carry more weight than those of disadvantages. From what has been discussed above, we may finally draw the conclusion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. So let us take action from now on.The prohibition of smoking in all the restaurants is an increasingly severe topic in the current society. Some people assert that it is reasonable for advocating the healthy life style, guaranteeing the environment of the public place and the other reasons. Admittedly, these opinions are true to some degree because sometimes smoking is not appropriate in some occasions like formal partys. However, I still think this rule is too absolute. First of all, whether to smoke is an individual's basic rights. He or she can choose to smoke based on its own desire, limited to nothing. Just like I said before, it is true that sometimes we should ban the smoking in some occasions. Nevertheless, it is unreasonable to forbid smoking completely at all the restaurants. Secondly, cigarette is useful in the many places. For instance, when a business man negotiate with another in a restaurant and they are both smokers, it is unavoidable to smoke during the negotiation. As we know, the mind of people benefits from smoking. So it is absolutely wrong to rule it in this situation. Finally,. smoking when having dinner is a traditional habit in China, according to the custom. People are used to smoke and offer cigarettes to others, showing the friendship and generosity. In conclusion, even smoking should not be advocated for its harm to people's health, it is still absurd to prohibit the smoking totally at all the restaurants.Nowadays, there is increasing number of people smoking. Lots of smokers are smoking in restaurant. I think it's really a bad thing. I think everyone should know that smoking is not only a good habit but also not good for both the health of smokers and the health of people around them. So it's necessary to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, smoking in the public, especially places like restaurant, is a immoral behavior. It's really a bad experience that there has smoker around you when you were eating. I still remember a thing happened when I was young. When my family has a dinner together at a restaurant and a person beside us was smoking there and drives my whole family crazy. That's really bad I think. Because the restaurant not belongs to smokers. They must consider others' feelings, they must know they are in public, they must know there still a lot of people don't smoke. That's not a individual problem, but a social problem. If everyone cared about that, if everyone cared about others' feeling, they may not smoke in public. Unfortunately, it's impossible in this society. We must take strong measure to solve this problem. So smoking must be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country immediately.We do know that smoking does a lot of harm to our health. Every year, millions of people die of lung cancers due to smoking. Smoking is damaging people every day. Yet, smoking should not be banded completely at all the restaurants in China. My views are as follows. Things that exist must have values. In China's long history, smoking dates back to centuries ago. There must be reasons why so many people smoke. Smoking can make people have a good break after exhausting physical work. Also, many women say that they feel safe when they smoke. Artists say that they have flash ideas when they smoke. Writers also say they can not write down any word without smoking. Many people also have the habit of smoking during meals. If people can not drop the habit, why not produce cigarettes with higher qualities? It will be harmless of they don't breathe in the toxic nicotine. Smoking should be reduced but not banned completely. Many people say they can not do anything without cigarettes. Thus, it will not be a good idea to ban smoking. People who smoke during meals will feel that nothing is tasty if they are banned smoking. It would be better that we accept that fact and think of ways to solve the problem. In summary, banning smoking is not the only way to solve problems. Change an angle to think. Producing better and healthier cigarettes way be of vital importance.With the process of human's adventure, the cigarette walked into ours life. Smoking has become a habit that being discuss for a long time. As we all know, cigarette contends varies kinds of drugs that do harm to our health, and the man who addicts in smoking has a clear mind on how badly does the cigarette affect people's life. However, there is a discussion held by some people that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in china. To my own point of view, I strongly hold the opinion that smoking should be banned in all the public place. For starters, cigarette does not only do harm to the smoker's body, the smoke when the cigarette burning contends nearly all the poisons that the cigarette has, if you smoke in the public area like restaurant, the smoke would affect other person's health who don't smoke at all! At the same time, the smell of the smoke may make the surrounding clients feel uncomfortable. Furthermore, teenagers do not have a formed standard, they do not have a clear thought on what is good or not. If they thought it is cool smoking outside, they may firm the habit that they could not easily get rid of it since they are children. Therefore, I it is necessary for our country to banned smoking in the public like restaurant. And my suggestion is that smoking is a bad habit which do harm to both you and other surrounders, try to get rid of it.More and more people pick up smoking nowadays. People smoke for different reasons. Most of them smoke because of fierce competition. As far as I am concerned, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in China. As is known to all, smoking is really dangerous. It is toxic and does harm to people's lung damagingly. It not only does harm to those who smoke but also does harm to people surrounding. Moreover, people who smoke will be addicted to it gradually and it is really difficult to drop the habit. If people smoke at the restaurants, we will not have a good atmosphere to have meals. We can not imagine how scary it would be that the air would not be clear any longer but full of smoke. We will feel that the food would not be tasty any more. That would only lead to cough. Thus, in order to have a better environment for the public, there should be no smoking at the restaurants. To sum up, smoking is of no use. Those who are addicted to it would better kick it out as soon as possible just for you and for the public.In my opinion, there's no necessary to ban smoking completely. It is known to all that it is not polite and appropriate to smoke in some public occasion. However, it is impossible to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants. Firstly, China has a long history of growing tobacco, so smoking also last for a long time in China. Smoking become a way of communication when people talk to each other, just as drinking, though both of them are not good to health. People have be accustomed to this way, and can not change the custom in a short time?a few years or tens of years. Secondly, restaurants are places for people to eat, and to smoke a cigarette after meal is most smokers' habit. We can not stop them doing this because that is their freedom. On the other hand, smoking may affect others' health, and that is why many people object smoking at restaurants. At this time, what we could do is to persuade them not to smoke, but we don not have the right to ban them. Thirdly, the solution of avoid smoking at restaurants may not be banning, it can be other ways. For example, the public dinning hall can be divided into two parts, one for smokers and the other for non smokers. In that way, every one can enjoy his dinner. Anyway, I think smoking should not be banned completely at all the restaurants in China.As everyone knows, cigarette is not perfect goods for people's health. However, many people smoke in a few places, for example bars or restaurant, where they will have an effective communication. I do think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in China. The most important reason is that it does make other people ill because they are breathing it in and smoking can deeply damage people's health even if they don't smoke. Firstly, smoking is the main reason for cancers. The more people smoke the shorter the can live. It could say smoking is the chief criminal of goods which will kill people. Secondly, it is also damage people who don't smoke. Restaurants are public place where full of people who don't smoke such as children and the old. If someone smokes at the restaurant, it actually changes the atmosphere of those places. No doubt smoking is very danger to our body, and especially it is more harmful to them who don't smoke but breathing smoke in. In a condition it is a must to completely ban smoking at all the restaurants in China for us and our next generation.As far as I am concerned, smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in China. Smoking produces bad smell. If smoking is allowed in the restaurants, guests would feel disgusting and the wall in the room is easy to become yellowish, which is bound to have a bad effect on the business because almost all the customers esp. the would prefer the non smoking places to have a meal instead of where smoking smell are filled. Some may hold the view that the banning may be makes some people reluctant to enter the restaurants, but I don't think it is true. Customers would not refuse to keep themselves from smoking just for so short time, no one must smoke during their mealtime. Moreover, statistics show that majority of the customers say that they would come to have a meal as usual. And take the airports and the cinema for example, where smoking has been banned for more than 10 years, the number of the passengers wasn't declined due to the policy at all. On the contrary, some restaurants become more popular with customers after the banning has started. Ireland has already put this policy into use since 2004 throughout the whole country, followed by so many European countries, and British even use the strict punishment to make smoking banned, all which tells us that smoking are sincerely regarded to be unhealthy and the banning throughout the country is becoming a unavoidable trend. So why don't China follow the trend which could absolutely benefit us in the long run? Some countries even rule that smoking is only allowed in people's home. All in all, I suppose smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in China.I suppose that smoking should be completely banned at any restaurant in china. Firstly, in terms of health, as is widely known to everybody, smoking is definitely very harmful to people's health. And what is worse, people who are around smokers will get second hand smoking which does even more serious damage to health than the smoker himself. I suppose we can put it as harm set, harm get. It is quite easy to imagine a picture that in a restaurant, which is quite limited space, customers are talking and eating happily, however, several smokers make the restaurant foggy here and there, and while the other customers are enjoying themselves, unconsciously, inhaling victim smoker all the time and very likely to be suffocated by the dirty air. Especially when children is in this restaurant, I can hardly imagine what effect will it do year by year, but no doubt, things will turn out terrible. What's more, if the smoker uncarefully drops the cigarette on the carpet or doesn't stub the cigarette out completely, it will quite probably cause an accidental fire, which is apparently a very dangerous thing. From my point of view, smoking is really troublesome and has potential risks. I advocate that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants in china.Although some people hold the view that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in China, others opposite it. The people who support that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in China think that smoking is not only bad for the smoker's own health, but also has bad influence on other people's health. Secondhand smoke clearly kills people and the only way to control it is to ban smoking. Banning smoking in the restaurants is very good news for non smokers, so that they can go out of restaurants and return home without nasty smelling. What's more, smoking kills thousands of people and this is the best way to discourage people from smoking. Others, however, look at this question in a totally different way and they hold that it's unnecessary to ban smoking at all the restaurants in China. First of all, everyone has the right to decide whether smoke or not, some people believe that smoking can make them feel relax. Furthermore, the taxation of the cigarette contributes a lot to the National finance income. If smoking is banned in all the restaurants in China, a large number of people will lose job. At the same time, the customer of the restaurants will definitely reduce. As far as I'm concerned, smoking brings serious health consequence, and the pollution to other people's atmospheres also makes it an environmental issue. But I also think that people have the right to choose whether smoke or not. On the other hand, it's undeniable that selling cigarettes bring huge profits to our country and the people whose work related to it. So the best way to deal with this problem is to have the smoking area and non smoking area in all the restaurants instead of banning smoking at all the restaurants.Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in China? Many people think so, I think it is a very realistic problem. As we all know, smoking is bad to our health. What's more, it's influence people around you. Restaurants is a place that you should pay attention to your behavior and manner very well. So from this point, smoking should be banned in the restaurants. But in the other hand, however, don't think so. Some people feel that smoking shouldn't be banned at the restaurants. In fact, it is a complicated thing. We cannot lightly say should or shouldn't. It influenced by many factors, first of all, it is difficult for government to control smoking people's quantity. And if there has supplies, there has needs. If smoking is not be allowed in the restaurants, what will the people who really want to smoking do? In case of myself, I think instead of smoking in our own seats, the restaurants should make some special places for us to smoking. It will not only good for smokers, but also the others. However, it's easier said than done. Only in reality we van know whether it is good or bad.Agree. I am quite with this statement. I don't want to talk about whether it is good or not to smoke. the result is so clear. And I can understand why so many people still keep smoking will themselves know SMOKING IS BAD TO HEALTH clearly. It's their habit. But smoking in public should be banned. public place is a place where everyday a mess of people gather at including children women with babies and old people. Smoking is a habit of who is smoking, but these guys have no rights to do harm to the people without the bad habit. So I am agree with the statement. Maybe someone think it's much better to divide the restaurants into two part SMOKING ALLOWED ones and SMOKING BANNED ones. But I don't think so. for the fact that it is clear that smoking is bad to our health. So we should try to get everyone out of the bad habit, and making every restaurants and even every public places no smoking is also a great way by making smokers fell that they are not accepted by the others with the bad habit, and I believe that between smoking and being accept by public, most people will choose the last one. Personally, I totally agree with this statement. And I have two points here to support my opinion. Firstly, smoking in public places, such as restaurants, is really harmful to the public health. It is widely acknowledged that the second hand smoking could do significant harm to the people around you. What's more, being a decent person in this developing society requires every individual to take the responsibility to the whole community in every occasion. Therefore, banning smoking at all the restaurant is necessary and it can contribute to both the public health and showing our respect to others. Secondly, banning smoking at restaurants can help to achieve a graceful environment for enjoying a tasty meal and communication. Apparently, in some cases, people go to restaurants for communication rather than food alone. And the stingy smell, such as smoke, can definitely disturb the atmosphere of talking. Anyway, banning smoking at all the restaurant does not indicate that it is inhuman or inconsiderate, having noticed in some restaurants that they provided the customers a rest room to handle their personal need for release themselves. Based on those two points I have stressed, I'm in favor of the policy: Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in China.Where there is air, there is smoking. Though the terrible effect of smoking is already known to every adolescence and adult, there is never a trend that smoking will disappear. Yet, we should still insist that less smoking is better for our life after thinking about why the trend exists. The very first step is again to speak medical side effects of smoking. Not only will smoking will damage the lung tissue in the body, the polluted air, which contains nicotine, further interferes the persons around the smoker. The second handed smoke now has been proved to be more harmful. We could say that if the legal system were more strict, the smoker could have been sued for millions times. But why there is no trend that smoking will disappear?  Firstly, it is because of the extravagant profit from the cigarette industry. As it is the retained profit for those cigarette companies, there is rare chance that they will give up the opportunities to earn the money. Secondly, the customers will use the cigarettes as gifts so that they can show their preference for others. Some will also think the cigarettes symbolise their social status. In another word, the market of cigarette trade still maintains intact. Thirdly, smokers will just get addicted to smoking—that is the most troublesome. As long as these reasons exist, the people's life will be affected for one more day, and more happiness will be deprived of. So, let's act to reduce the use of cigarette, and there will be less annoyance resulting from smoking.In my opinion, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in China. Firstly, smoking is bad for our body, because it can damage many organs. It is known that many of people get ill because of it, and some of the diseases even cannot be cured, as a result, what is waiting for them is death. Secondly, smoking is not only bad for smokers but for people around them. Scientists have shown that the most serious victims are people around you when you smoking, because the most polluted air is smoked by them not you. Maybe many of people are surprise at the fact and cannot believe it, but it is the truth. Thirdly, if we have realized the badness of smoking and have decided to ban smoking, the government should do a favour so that restaurants all over the country can ban it together. The reason is that if only a few restaurants did it, people who like smoking will think that it were strange or unfair. As a result, they may choose another restaurant that does not ban it, instead. After a long time, banning smoking restaurants may give up, because their customs are decreasing, and what they have done is in vain. In a word, smoking is bad for not only you but me. It is better to ban it not only in restaurants but in anywhere.It is fairly well that smoking in the restaurant is a bad behave which harms both the health of the smoker and others in the restaurant. But from my point of view, forbid it completely is impossible. Suppose smoking is completely banned at all in the restaurant people may smoke outside it and then get into. Then the provisions will with no meaning. It is well known that even though the tax of cigarettes is very high, the number of people who smoke is still very high. Therefore, forbidding smoking in all the restaurant is not a fundamental method to make people away from cigarettes. Moreover, the restaurants in china are of different levels. And people in china also have different level of education. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in China, there will be a lot of people who can't understand it and it will also have a bad influence on those small restaurants. Considering the possible consequence above, I think it is reasonable to forbid smoking in high grade restaurants, but forbidding smoking in all the restaurants at all is unrealistic and not feasible. Now more and more people smoking in public, I think it doesn't only influence the smokers, but also have a strong impact on the other people's healthy. So, I think smoking must be completely banned in China especially at all the restaurants. Now let us have a conjecture, you are having dinner with your friends at a good restaurant. You are happily eating and chatting with each other. Then suddenly, you smell the unpleasant smell of cigarette, and then, when you eat your food, you will feel bad and can't swallow it only because the smoke is so strong. I think you must not be happy any more. So, I must tell the people who smoke at restaurants can you stop smoking at public for the purpose of themselves and others. Think of this matter from the angle of the doctors, smoke have a very bad influence on people's trachea, when human are eating, their tracheas are expanding, if breathe much smoke at this time, people are very easy to have tracheitis, bronchitis and other diseases like these. In a word, smoking is bad for people's healthy, smoking at restaurants is worse. Now, in China, this matter is very serious, so, we must help ourselves, when we see others smoking at restaurants, we should put a stop to them.At recently, there is a heated view whether smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in China. With the development of the society, Smoking has became a world problem. there are more and more people to smoke. Many people think pressure of family, work, life lead to smoke. Though smoker have many reasons to smoke. they think smoking is own thing. But in my opinion, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in China. On the one hand, Smoking will be effect people's health and life. People will have a bad effects. Some people start to smoke when they are young. When they stop to smoke they feel terrible. They will feel headache. Whatever they do, they don't have no action. On the other hand, when you smoke in restaurants, you will be effect other people's health. It have worse effects. it will destroy restaurants environment. And non smoker will be terrible. So smoker effect another. They maybe do not find their action will hurt anther people. Though analysis of above, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in China. The government could make law to forbid smoking in restaurants. And it warn smoking will effect yourself and another people's health. It will many good aspects to life. In a word, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in China.That's what I think of upon seeing the word smoking. Tobacco contains a lot of poisonous substance. So it is universally acknowledged that smoking is not a good habit. Smoking alone is equal to suicide, and smoking in public is equal to murder. It's very impolite to smoke in front of people who don't smoke. Smoking will make people around feel terrible. It will destroy your impression left to others. According to some research, secondhand smoking is more poisonous. This is one of the reasons why we shouldn't smoke. Another reason is because it is dangerous to surroundings, too. A cigarette can cause a huge fire if not dealt with well, which will ruin all your properties and even end your valuable life. And the factory producing cigarettes is also dangerous to the environment. The factory will produce poisonous gas and water. To some degree, this is also harmful to human beings. Have you realized that there are not any good results if we continue to smoke? We will destroy our environment, our friends, our own life    as long as we don't stop smoking. What a terrible thing! Cigarette is not a good invention. It has murdered millions of people. It is our duty to stop smoking from damage more people, from now on!Many people smoke in the world. Though a lot of people think that smoking should be banned, the number of smokers still increases. In my opinion, I think smoking should be forbidden for that it is bad for many aspects. First of all, smoking is bad for people's health. It is common knowledge that smoking is not good for one's health. Many people die lung cancer. And the habit of smoking is one of the most significant reasons for causing such kind of disease. There is no doubt that people who don't smoke have the lower possibility to suffer this disease. Secondly, the smoke released from the burning cigarettes is also bad for the people who breathe in it. There are many kinds of poisonous chemicals in the smoke, so if a person smokes in a public place, he is not just doing bad things to his own health, he is harming others' health as well. Last, people who smoke must spend a lot of money buying cigarettes every year. With the money that one buys cigarettes, he can do many other things. Even he can give part of the money to the charity. That is much better than spending money buying cigarettes which is bad for health. To conclude, smoking has a lot of bad aspects. And I think that smoking should be banned in the near future.I consider that smoking in the public is having a worse and worse influence on the society. Although cigarettes help a lot on the economy of a country, I still suggest that it must be banned in public. Many people around us have developed the habit of smoking and some of them are even addictted to it. However, as is known to all, smoking influences ones' health, and always smoking is just like killing themselves. People who smoke are more possibly to get a cancer and some related diseases. So, for the sake of one's family, people should learn to quit smoking right now. Moreover, the tobacco will produce lots of harmful and poisonous smoke. The gas has an unpleasant smell and make people feel unwell. There is no denying that the inhalation of second hand smoke is harmful to people health. Furthermore, environment will be affected by the smoke realeased by cigarettes. The air quality in the city would decline. You can always find that many cigarettes ends was thrown on the streets. It was not good for the development of the city. In a word, smoking in the public may meet the needs of some people, but it has many disadvantages to the whole city. People should consciously do not smoke. Several months ago, some policies on smoking were introduced by the government to stop some people from smoking in the public. However, as far as I know, the conditions are almost still the same, and I hold the firm belief that smoking in the public should be banned. The first reason, as is known to all, is that smoking is very bad for our health, and it also does quite a lot of damage to the environment. If someone smokes in public, not only he himself, but also the people around are affected by the smoke. According to the research, the smoke will have a worse influence on the people around than the smoker, which is really surprising. It is known to all that smoking will cause diseases like lung cancer, heart disease and so on. Besides, the smoke also damage the environment and then we may feel uncomfortable. In my opinion, smoking almost has no advantage but all kinds of disadvantages. In addition, we may ignore the fact that smoking in public may also cause fire, and it is really important to prevent it. If the cigarette is on fire and it is thrown, then something may cause fire. The result is very dangerous and we really should do something to prevent it, stopping smoking is the most useful method. So in a word, smoking has no advantage but all kinds of disadvantages. It must be banned in the public and everyone of us should tell others not to smoke in public any more.Personally speaking, I think smoking should not be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, there are many smokers around us. They do need some space to smoke. Restaurants are not proper places for them, but that doesn't mean we should ban all the restaurants in the country. I think preparing some restaurants that only accept smokers is a good way to deal with the contradiction, for it can not only give the non smokers a better environment but also give the smokers their own zone for smoking. Don't you think it is a good solution for them both? Moreover, if we ban smoking completely at all the restaurants, we may go against many smokers' will. At the same time, the government would be condemned by the smokers for it affects their benefit. In that case, they may do harm to the harmony of the society. Everyone has his own rights, so do the smokers. If we ban smoking at all the restaurants, we may break the balance of smokers and as a consequence lose their faith. In my opinion, we should open up some restaurants that are for smokers only. Only in this way can the society be more peaceful and harmony. Smoking cigarettes is not a good habit, because it is harmful to both smoker and people around him. So I think smoking should be strictly forbidden in public places. Firstly, smoking in public places is impolite to others. Everyone has its right to enjoy in public places, while smoking pollutes the air we breathe, thus worsen our working efficiency. Secondly, smoking is extremely harmful to our health. The nicotine contained in cigarette may get us addicted to smoking gradually. Cigarette is the chief cause of lung diseases, including pneumonia and lung cancers. According the survey of World Health Organization, more than 8000 people died of cancer everyday. However, smoking is not only harmful to the smoker's health, but it also hurts people staying with the smoker as well. It's called 'Passive smoking' and it not less harmful than smoking by oneself. Thirdly, smoking may be a threat to safety as well. Burning cigarettes may ignite things around that can burn easily, and finally cause a big fire. An unconsciously dropped cigarette end may cause a great loss of material and life property. In addition, smoking is a bad education to the next generation. In many families, sons gain the habit of smoking because his father smokes. In conclusion, smoking is an improper behavior in public places, for it's harmful in many aspects. So smoking should be prohibited in public places for everyone's sake.Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Till now, smoking has already become a significant issue in the country. If you roam on the street, you will find in surprise that nearly half of the citizens are used to smoking in public, even youngsters are among them. Hitherto, smoking have grabbed billions of money from one generation and murdered hundreds of thousands of people. Now, the Pluto turns to the younger generation, the teenagers. As a result, many professors hope government to pass proper laws to ban smoking in public places, especially at the restaurants. In my opinion, banning smoking at all the restaurants is essential. Since smoking may not only do harm to the smokers, but also influence partners' health. What's more, when person is eating, one is sitting in one place and not moving. With the limited space at the restaurants, smoking can greatly damage another's body. To some degree, if a person enjoying supper with smoking smog around, he or she is supposed to lose several days life. This is a sobering fact, while the most of citizens are blind to the truth. Smokers are enjoying the cigarettes, while others are enjoying dinner in the killing smog. All in all, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, for our later generations don't leave more time for us.Nowadays in some countries smoking is completely forbidden, and the smoking rooms are also closed. It makes some people who are opposite smoking very delight. They think it is so good a rule that must do great good to human health. But the people who smokes feels unpleasant very much. It is so inconvenient for me, when I arrived station I used to have a cigarette to keep myself awake, but now I am forbidden to do It. a smoker said. As far as I am concerned, I don't think it is right to completely forbidden smoking in public places. Though smoking will do damage to our health, we should deal with it properly. Knowing the disadvantage, there are still many people smoking. They do it with all kinds of purposes such as to keep awake, to remit pressure. We all know that caffeine contained in tea and coffee also have bad influence on health. We can accept that people drink tea and coffee, why can't we accept people smoking. What I said may be farfetched, but we should respect others' hobby. Many people may say we do it just because we want to protect others from bad influence. I think it is their excuse. Just what we did, we can make smoking room in the public places. We should respect others' hobby, even it is not healthy. We can persuade them to get out of the hobby, but we have no right to prevent them from it as long as it is legal.As for smoking, to most of us, maybe it is indeed a bad behavior. There are many reasons like doing harm to health. However smoking also has its own advantages. To begin with, it can relieve people's pressure. People, living in the 21 century, are always under pressure. That pressure comes from every thing, such as work, family matters, study, social contact and so on. So of course, people will use some ways to relieve their unhappiness. Smoking is just one of the most popular ways. When people smoke, they maybe can forget what enable them upset and worried, like drinking. Then, it can create large financial profits. No matter where it is, cigarette trade is undoubtedly larger than most trade, because the number of people using it is very huge. It can help a society or a country develop their natural economy. At last, it's also a culture. As many people use it for a long time, it has become a social habit. When people visit their friends, they may send a pack of cigarette. When colleagues enjoy a meal together, they may express politeness by sending a cigarette. Although it has its own advantages, smoking too much will cause more troubles. So I don't encourage people to take smoking as a living hobby. Use it in the special occasion and never get hooked to smoking, that's enough.As we all know, smoking is bad for our health, but most men and some women even some young person still smoke. Most smokers smoke for calming down themselves, but young person do this just for being cool. And there is a big problem of smoking in public places which is that smoking can not only effect smoker's health but also be bad for others'. So I think it should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. According to survey, people who smoke indirectly will be harmed much more than smoker himself, and smoking more will cause cancer. So people who smoke in public places are threatening the other people's life safety. It is equal to crime! When one is smoking while others are having their dinner, the smoke will fill the whole restaurant and at the same time, people who are eating will swallow much smoke and it is very bad for their health. On the other hand, the smoke will destroy the environment of the restaurant and reduce the customers' appetite. There is another problem which is of great importance, the cigarette ends that are not extinguished completely in the public will likely cause a fire. It's very dangerous. Above are my opinions. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.We usually lunch at restaurants, because restaurants can offer different kind food more than home and a place where we enjoy. But restaurants have a big drawback: other customers. We can't control other customers who do something made us unhappy. Many people don't like smoking, but some others like. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, let me write my opinion. Although not all man who smoke is bad, it is actually that smoking is a bad habit. The man has more chance to has cancer than other people, when he smoke. And more serious diseases also catch the man smoking. So we shouldn't smoke, lead someone smoking. It has many bad affects for our health. At all the restaurants, we should eat, not reject others. We need listen different opinions from everyone to make most of we can enjoy ourselves. Not if all the restaurants ban smoking, smoking may be become a strong power. And more place ban smoking, then smoker will be low, it is good for everyone in the long way. In conclusion, it is no joke that I support the way smoking are completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It will make us more health and happy from physiology and psychology.Smoking in public places is immoral and even illegal in some cities. So I can see it's harmful to us. This kind of action must be stopped. Some eldership doesn't think highly of its harm, so they just carry on smoking in public places. Smoking is normal and necessary when meeting some old friends or relatives to them. Smoking helps them feel more relaxed and comfort. And some teenagers also smoke in public places. To them, smoking is cool; so they smoke to draw other's attention. People referred to above are selfish and foolish, they never think about other's and themselves' health. So I can't agree to their action. Knowing smoking in public places is harmful to others and themselves, why are there still so many people do like this? Smoking has become cultural in China. So even I think it must be stopped, but in recent years keeping the status in quo is somewhat acceptable. People must try to stop it and decrease this action. In the end, I manna to say that if anyone want him and his family to live longer and healthier, he just have to stop smoking in public places. Anyhow, smoking in public places is acceptable now; but it will disappear from china in the future.As is known to all that smoking does a lot of harms to our health. Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? It remains to be discussed. In my opinion, smoking can't be banned at all restaurants. First and foremost, smoking is a long overdue question which is undoubtedly can't be solved in a short period of time. It is estimated that there thousands of people who are hooked on cigarette and the number becomes larger every year. If we ban smoking in all restaurants, these smokers can not dine out any more. What's more, we can't promise that these people will all quit smoke. Maybe they will get mad, maybe their family will broke for their not dining out with their family members. Lots of problems which we didn't expect will exist. Society will be in a mass. Last but not the least, it is not the only way to protect most people's health. Restaurants can set smoking region for people who smoke and it will meet all guests' demand. At large, Smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for it is not a necessity and will bring unexpected problems. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Smoking is harmful to human beings, especially in public. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in the country. Smoking at the restaurant may cause the problems below. Of course, the mainly problem is that smoking not only do harm to the man who smokes, but also have a bad effect on the neighbors. When one smokes, the smoke will be filled fully in the whole room, and can hardly be given off. When the others absorb it, they will suffer from the serious damage. What's more? The guests will be disturbed that they can't enjoy the meal happily. The other problem is that smoking may cause a big fire. As we all know, a restaurant should be very dry everywhere, for example carpet. If one smokes and he is careless, it's very easy to start a fire, then the result can't be predicted. Taking all people's safety into account, smoking in the restaurant is a large danger to all, so it should be banned. Small mistakes can lead to a large accident. In order to take care of our body and in case of a fire. , smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. Nowadays, there is an increasing concern of the topic that should smoking be allowed or not in public places. People hold different views about it. As for me, I firmly believe that smoking should be forbidden in public places. I can raise examples to go back to my point of view. First of all, smoking in public will do harm to others' health. As it is known to all, smoking is bad to our health. The smoke may increase the risk of getting cancer. On the other hand, if someone smokes in public place, then it equals that the others are forced to smoke together. Consequently, those who have a good living habit may be ill, and it is unfair to them. What's more, smoking in public places will do harm to our environment. Smoking in public places like parks or gardens will undoubtedly lead to air pollution, while smoking in restaurants may also make the floor dirty. It is everyone's duty to make our environment better, so smoking in public places should not be allowed. In a word, smoking should not be allowed in public places not only for sake of people's health but also for our environment. All of us ought to work together to make our environment better and make ourselves more healthy.I strongly agree that smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in China. Although it is hard to make it reality, I still hope that one day there is no more awful smoke in restaurants. Now, let us talk about it objectively. Firstly, Smoking can cause a lot of illness including heart attack and lung cancer which is almost deadly for human being. As we all know, restaurants are public places which is crowded with people. If someone smokes in a restaurant, people around him will be affected by the harmful gas. In my opinion, smoking is not to blame. But for non smokers, it is obviously unfair to be forced to breath other's smoke. On the other hand, if smoking is completely banned in restaurants, I believe not only the air condition but the environment of the restaurants will be greatly improved. There is no doubt that our mood will be better when we are in a smoking banned restaurant. So it is also a good news for restaurants because more customers will choose it, especially non smokers. However, the smokers may not support this policy because they need to smoke. In that case, I think we can build some smoking rooms in restaurants for them. In this way, we can satisfy both smokers and non smokers. Hopefully there is less smoke in public places in the future. It is just during the last few decades man had become generally aware of the harm of smoking. However, instead of dropping in last decade, the number of smokers has been on rising, especially of the teenagers. The situation has caused great concern among the people. There are several reasons that account for fact, but the following three may be the main ones. First of all, it is easy for teenagers to get cigarettes. Cigarettes are available almost everywhere. Today's teens have more spare money, which comes from the improved living standard of their parents. They can buy what they want, including cigarettes. Second, teenagers smoke because their adolescent years are filled with psychological problems. One of these problems, for example, is establishing a sense of identity. The teen years are the time when young people want to be more independent from their parents and from their own values. The enormous mental pressures of these years can make some people turn to smoking. Last, and perhaps most important reason is peer pressure to conform. Teens often become very close to special friends, for one thing, and they will share a attend parties and other social gatherings where it is all important to be one of the crowd, to be cool. Even the most mature teenager might be tempted to smoke than to risk being an outcast. For all these reasons, cigarettes are a major problem facing teenagers. There are amounts of people who smoke all over the world. So there is a discussion whether people can smoke at restaurants or not. I think it should be banned. Firstly, given the health of smokers, it should be banned not only in restaurant but every place. In my opinion, it is cigarette that shouldn't exist at all. Secondly, we should think of this problem from customers who don't smoke. It is common sense that smoking hurt others more seriously than smokers themselves. Restaurant is a public place where customers have equal right to enjoy themselves. However, own to those smokers, most customers' health is threatened. Do you think that is equal? Besides, the smoke from the cigarette is always held up at restaurant because of the small space and the still air, which is smoky. Usually people feel uncomfortable even cough. Certainly, they won't have their meal leisurely and happily. There is no doubt it is unfair for those people. In a word, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. I am in favor that there is sign which says NO SMOKING at all restaurants and everyone keeps to the rule consciously. Let's make efforts together to build comfortable environment for others and ourselves.It is widely acknowledged that smoking does much harm for human's health and it should be completely banned at all especially at all the restaurants, which may not only benefit the person himself, but also do good for the people around. Like most of the other public places, restaurants are always crowded where different kinds of people stay together. They have meals, talk freely and at the same time have a lot of fun. However, it is often occurred that someone lit up a cigarette who may just be accustomed to this kind of relax but really bothers the others. People who don't smoking will feel very uncomfortable and unsatisfied, and people who smoke will tend to have a cigarette too which would make most of the other people around more unpleasant and not want to have meals any more. What's worse, those smokers obviously show bad manners, leave a bad impression and largely ruin their personal image. On the other hand, it is accepted that smoking does more harm to the people around than the very person who smokes. So the smoker really should be condemned as he sacrifices others' health for his own bad habits. OK, now imagine that you walk into a restaurant where there is so much smoke floating in the air that one can hardly breathe, would you want to sit down or even have a meal? Of course you won't. Therefore, for the sake of the fame of the restaurant and the health of all people, smoking should be completely banned. And as long as all of us put it into action, then the meals may taste more delicious.Suppose you are sitting around a beautifully decorated round marble table with your best friends and you are enjoying delicious food. Suddenly, a blast of smoke came into your nostril. What's your feeling then? Here comes the discuss   should smoking in the public be forbidden? As for me, positively, the answer is yes! When you are in the public place, you are not only represent yourself, but also a person related to all. You may think smoking can refresh yourself and make you cool, you may think you only damage your health, you may think others do not care for your behavior. But there is one thing you have to remember   smoking in the public is not good. The smoke from your lung can easily spread to others' lung, although they do not want that happen. The second hand smoke can be more poisonous. Besides, the bad smell of smoke can also influence one's mood thus he or she could not concentrate on the important things. What's worse, smoking in the public can result in the teenagers' smoking, which may cause worse problems in the long term. I appeal all of us to forbid smoking in the public and make our environment better, make our society more harmonious.Smoking has been a serious social problem for a long time. In our country, several millions of people smoke every day. What is worse, everyone on the earth suffers the air pollution. We should take immediate measures to forbid the smoking before our earth is destroyed thoroughly. Every day, a large amount of people have died of lung cancer because they smoked a lot when they lived. As we all know, smoking kills our health gradually so that our bodies become weaker and every organ come down until we can not breathe and walk. Smoking is such a horrible killer that we can't see. Smoke is not only harmful to person, but also plays a much worse effect on our environment. When one person is smoking, people around him will have the second hand smoke at the same time, which can leads to serious disease like cancer. On the other hand, smoke contributes to the greenhouse effect which makes our earth become hotter and weather is changeable. Maybe it seems to make no matter as we see today, but in 10 years, we must regret and can only cry to hate ourselves. Look the dying people, look the declining animal series, and look the grey environment. I strongly propose that we mustn't smoke any more. No matter how others think about smoking, I believe smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we all know, smoking is harmful to our health. Millions of people die from smoking each year. What is worse is that smoking not only ruins the smokers' own health, but also breaks the health of all the persons who stay with them. When a person smokes in the restaurant, the harmful gases will escape into others' lungs. For this reason, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in our country, even in the world. I even think all the public place should have no smoking at all, but it is too difficult to come true. Rome is not build in one day. We cannot hope that all the smokers are away from the cigarette in a few days, so we should do something to help the smokers before they stop smoking. We should allow smokers smoke in some place alone in all restaurants in our country, but they mustn't smoke once they are not in the smoking area. Smoking has no good for everyone, but there are so many persons smoking in the world. Their reasons are various, but there is only one result, which is not good. In a word, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in our country.Smoking is becoming more and more unpopular in the world, for it makes air smelly and do harm to human health. So many policies have been put out to forbid the smoking in public places, like library, transportation services and other public sites. And I think smoking should be banned in restaurants across the country as well. For the first reason, smoking in restaurants is extremely harmful to human health system. In most restaurants, the air flows slowly. It means if someone smokes in a restaurant, the nicotine will remain in the restaurant for a long time, haunting around the neighbor tables. This provides people with more chances to get illness. Additionally, smoking in restaurants will have negative influence in other consumers. The smelly air containing nicotine will make people sick and uncomfortable. Suppose a family is spending their happy time, in the big brother's birthday. However they are affected by the smelly smoke and the happy family dinner is ruined. Actually, this is not we want to see. Plus, smoking is not kind of good behavior in China. In order to enhance the civilization and make the city a better place to live, a ban toward smoking should be acted out in the restaurants. By banning the smoking in public place, people would be happy without concerns about annoying smokes.As we all know, smoking is really bad for our health and the environment as well. During the Expo, smoking is banned in public places. And I find most people can obey the principle. Thus making the air is more fresh and showing the Chinese virtue. After the Expo, I think we should stick to the principle that abandoning the smoking in the public. Good principle should remain and this can improve the whole figure of Shanghai. And we can see more and more non smoking sighs in the public in order to remind people to cling to it. The results of many researches have shown that the second hand smoking even has worse effect on others especially children and the old. So when we want to smoke in the public, please think of them. They are innocent. If they are your family members, do you want them have second hand smoking? Of course, absolutely banning the smoking in China or in Shanghai is impossible. People can smoke freely in private place or in the smoking area in the public. Nowadays more and more non smoking rooms have been set up in the public places. It shows a good tendency that we have realized this kind of problem and have tried some methods to solve the problem step by step. And then I truly believe that we will lead a healthier and happier life. In my opinion, smoking should be forbidden in public places. No mattter what reason you may possess, no matter how willing you are for smoking at that moment you are in the public place, as a result, you can not smoking there. On one hand, smoking in public places is an unmoral behaviour. As we all know, there are usually many people in public places. And I suppose there are lots of people hate somebody who smokes in public places, not only for the places not belong to his or her only, but also for the healthy environment. The smoking activies actully seriously injure the smokers' organs especially for that lung, says the statistics from the WHO, there is more than one third people died in lung cancer simply caused by that smoking. Not only the people who smokes suffer this disease, but also the people who breathe the bad air  the smoke, will face the danger of catching the lung disease. What is more, the smoke coming from the cigarettes is bad for the environment. And it is linked to the greenhouse effect to some degree. We all need a better place to live in, so forbidding smoking in public places is a way of protecting our environment. In the end, I still say that smoking absolutely should be banned in public places without doubt, not only for the smokers' health, but the publics', and to be more, for a more confortable life, a cleaner sky, an enjoyable air. a more beautiful earth. Is Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in our country? I think many people who are against smoking will say yes immediately, as smoking have a bad influence on the health of smokers and people sitting beside them and affect their moods as well. But can it be a adequate reason to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. What do the smokers think about? Since they are addicted to smoking, it seems cruel to ban their rights to relax. Despite that as a person always objects smoking in public place, I still do not support the idea above, at least some special places should be set for smoking people, like smoking rooms in railway. In the other aspect, restaurants provide proper places for people communicating with others, therefore, these occasions are quite relaxed. Once smoking being banned at all the restaurants, there surely will be a sharp decrease in the number of customes. All in all, though smoking in public places is impolite, but I still in favor of the idea that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.As we all know, smoking does harm to our health. It's harmful not only to smokers. The cigarette smoke is also bad for non smokers. So in many cities, smoking is forbidden in public places. As for restaurants, I think it's better to set up non smoking and smoking zones than forbidden it strictly. Smoking has proved to be closely linked to many diseases such as cancer, heart problems. It's really unfair for non smokers to be harmed by cigarette smoke. Since smoking is addictive, most smokers find it difficult to give up smoking although they know its harm. They may feel uncomfortable if not allowed to smoke. However, we must ensure that the health of non smokers is not damaged. In my view, setting up smoking and non smoking zones is a good way to solve the problem when taking the interests of both sides into account. Nowadays more and more people recognize the dangers of smoking. There are many kinds of publicities against smoking such as World No Tobacco Day. There are also agencies to help people quit smoking. We will learn more about the dangers of smoking by those publicities and assistance. I hope there will be fewer and fewer smokers and whether to forbidden smoking in restaurants will not be a problem anymore one day because there are no cigarettes in the world. As the number of the smokers coming up, more and more public place are surrounded by smoke. In my opinion, smoking should be forbidden in public place. As we know, smoking does harm to the smokers, and smoking is able to make a healthy man go to death. But what many people don't know is that the second smoking does much more harm to the people who don't smoke. And it means that all the people who stay in the public places where there are smokers will get bad influence. Pubulic place is that everyone can stay in. So it should be O. K to everyone. For our health, we should forbid people smoking in public place. Public place should be beautuful and be comfortable. But smoking can make much smoke make much smoke which is smell bad surround the public place. So it will be made incomfortable. And many people maybe get away because of the smoke. Public places are for everyone. For the beauty of the public place, we should forbid people smoking in public place. So I think we should forbid people smoking in public place. We need a beautful and comfortable public place!Restaurant is a public place. Smoking in the public place is not a polite behavior. Imaging the restaurant is not in the open air. if the smoke is created, it must be a long time when the air become clean again. Eating in the smoke is not a happy thing at least for me. When we get into the restaurants, we must enjoy meals. We go to restaurants for meals, it's a special time. As we know, the second hand smoke is harmful to people. Smoking in the public place is to do the things that harm others. Those people who smoke in public should be punished. In another way, smoking is bad for the smokers himself. The nicotine which is in the smoke would make smoker's lung get dark and even worst would lead cancer. The health is the basis of everything. Sacrificing the health for smoking is not wise decision. In a word, smoking in the restaurant is not only bad for others, but also for smoker himself, so I think smoking should be completely banned in the restaurants. Many smokers have a misunderstanding that they are not harming other people's health while they are smoking. Many researches tell us that this kind of thoughts is absolutely wrong. Smokers are harming their own health as well as other person's that around him. If a person is smoking in a restaurant, he is destroying other customer's health. Once I come across with a piece of news, it said that a person that is addicted to smoking has a higher rate of getting cancer than normal people, while people that around the smoker has twice to three times higher rate of getting cancer than the smoker, unbelievable! If there are a lot of smokers in a restaurant, how many non smokers will get harmed due to these smokers? It must be a large figure. Some smokers might be rich, but if you lose your health, any wealth will be useless. Maybe someone smokes because he is under great pressure, or he is desperate with his life, but those can't be a good reason to destroy other person's health. As we can see, a restaurant is a place which usually has a lot of people in it, so smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country for the sake of people's health.Not allowing smoking in any restaurants is a very good choice. I believe this for several reasons. Not only will banning smoking improve people's health, it will also build a good dining atmosphere. As is known to all, smoking is not healthy. Unfortunately, when smokers smoke in restaurants, they make other people sick at the same time. When the people who smoke have dinner in the same restaurants, people who are not willing to smoke are passive smoking. In that case, the non smokers have no choice unless they want to give their dinner. They can only get sicker, which is unfair. Of course, banning smoking in restaurants will please non smokers. It will also improve the smokers' health. They will have fewer opportunities to smoke, so they will smoke fewer cigarettes. Banning smoking in restaurants can also build a good dining atmosphere. Smokers won't trouble the others if they have no right to smoke in restaurants. There will also be fewer awkward. When smokers cut down the number of cigarettes, the good dining atmosphere will be built easily. Finally, it is a good idea to ban smoking in any restaurants because a ban can reduce conflicts. Non smokers tend to get annoyed and jealous because smokers have an excuse to take frequent breaks. The most significant conflict, however, is over whether smokers have a right to smoke in restaurants. As we have already seen, non smokers feel they are not always given a choice. If smoking in restaurants is allowed, they will be forced to breathe harmful air. This may violate their rights, and non smokers are angry with smokers because of it. It seems clear that banning smoking in restaurants is a good idea. It will reduce conflict and build a good dining atmosphere. It will also benefit health of smokers and non smokers alike. I believe that just about anything that improves our health is a good idea!Nowadays, many countries have released many laws to forbid smoking in public places. I think it is a good choicce. Smoking should be forbidden in public places. As everybody known, smoking is bad for health. Smoking being forbidden in public places will force those smokers to lower the chance to smoke. It is surely good for smoker's health. Besides, If smokers smoke in public places, many non smokers will turn to second hand smokers silently, especially those kids and women. It not only harm their health, but also damage the right of non smokers. Some researchers say that second hand smoking will lead to a higher chance of lung disease. Secondly, smoking in public places can easily lead to fire. Some of the Smokers always drop the cigarette ends everywhere. Just imagine that the cigarette end are still firing with the woods nearby. What a horrible scene! According to some experts, many fire disasters are result from cigarette ends! Last but not least, smoking in public places can be make teens to smoke. Many teens see the smokers smoking in the public places, they may think it is cool, then they follow it, then more and more teens smoke. Situation become worse and worse. So, it is really a good choice to forbid smoking in public places!Can you imagine someone smoking just beside you while you are enjoying your pleasant meal with your family or your friends? I guess it might not be comfortable for people. Obviously, we come to a restaurant because we want better food as well as a better eating environment, but smoking in the restaurant certainly is ruining the pleasure. So as far as I am concerned, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. First of all, from either a personal or a public perspective, it is widely accepted that smoking is ruining our pleasure at the restaurant. In some western restaurants in which smoking is forbidden, the eating environment is much better and people can enjoy both their meal and their conversations better. But things get worse in the restaurants where there are people smoking. There are smokes surround you while you are having your dinner, you will smell a strange smell besides your food and if you are chatting, you and your friends will both feel uncomfortable. More over, the smokes around you are not only taking your happiness away but also damaging your health. It becomes a even bigger problem if you are not the one who is smoking. So, I think smoking should be banned. Apart from the point mentioned above, it might not be neglected that banning smoking is also doing help to restaurants owners. If smoking is forbidden, the restaurants will have a better environment that will attract more customers. Thus, it can increase the restaurants' income the same time it makes people think it is a place worth going again. In conclusion, since banning smoking is advantageous to both the customers and the owners of the restaurants in making the restaurants' environment better, I do strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Many countries made a law, which is forbid to smoking in the all restaurants Though I agree with the government, I think it can not solve this situation. it is not a great way to solve. Smoking frog is harmful to our body, not only the smokers, but also the people who stand around him or her in some public places, Especially in the restaurants. If someone smokes, the air will be polluted. So many people breathe the frog, which is bad for their lungs and will influence people's moods. In my opinion, the measure is not suitable, those smokers need to smoke, they need a place to smoke in the public place, and we can correct it. For example, we can set a smoking room in order to their needs. In the world we must treat everyone equally. Though we hate smoking, Someone who be addicted to smoking need to smoke, they can not stop smoking right now, if you do not let they smoke, they will be hurried. Nowadays we must treat them with love, we need to think about in the other hand. In this way, we can solve this problem better. So I believe the world will be in concordance.I agree with the suggestion that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking is so bad a habit that it harms not only smokers themselves, but also people who are close to them. So besides restaurants, all other public places should also ban smoking. Smoking does a lot of harm to people. As we all know, cigarettes have many poisonous chemicals that are harmful for our lungs. Scientists have had an experiment that found smokers' lungs are worse than people who don't smoke, and smokers live much shorter. Besides, the gas cigarettes release is more harmful which have a bad influence on the environment around smokers. Besides, smoking can cause fire accident. when people have smoked a cigarette they may put it anywhere without care of papers or dry leaves nearby which can cause fire accident. Although the possibility is small, the great number times will make it big. Also, smoking has a bad influence on teenagers. In many films and TV shows, smoking is always related with violence which make teenagers think that smoking means strength. In this way, many depressed boys and girls begin smoking and that make them more fallen than ever. So, in my opinion, smoking is such a bad habit that we must ban it as soon as possible. We should hold a clear brain at any time that smoking can do nothing but damage to us. When we feel unhappy, keep away from cigarettes and do something more interesting such as sports. Let's keep this in mind: cherish families and refuse smoking.As smoking is such a harmful and selfish habit that I think it should be totally banned in public places. Smoking is harmful not only to the smokers, but also to people around them. If someone smokes in the public places, such as restaurants, or underground station, everyone around him will be forced to take in the second hand smoke. According to the research, second hand smoke is even worse than smoke. Even a single person smokes in public places, all the people around him will be harmed by cigarettes. Smoking also will ruin people's appetite and mood. Imagine someone is smoking while you are having delicious food. How unpleasant could it be! It's such a selfish behavior because the smoking person may feel good but people around him will be very uncomfortable. Further more, not smoking in the public places can also show people's respect because nobody will feel good if someone is smoking while talking to him, or even being around him. In my opinion, not smoking should be a kind of social manner. Smoking in the public is a bad habit that should be discouraged. If no one is smoking in the public places, then the air will be fresher, food will be more delicious, and people will be more friendly. Smoking in public places can lead to more people begin to smoke especially young people which is bad for our society. If a kid see an adult smoking, he may think it is very cool. In his eyes, those heroes who smoke in the movies are very charming and fascinating. However, in the real world, he find out that someone can also smoke and show that he is very cool. In this way, many young people want to learn to smoke. There are also some young people who are just curious about it. Once they begin to smoke, it is hard for them to quit. Young people are the future of our country. If their health are damaged, how can our country become strong in the future? If the smokers are not careful in public places, they may put something on fire which is very dangerous. In history, many forest fire accidents were just caused by a small cigarette. Though it was small, it burned a large quantity of trees and did harm to the environment of the world. If you smoke in a place which is crowded with people, you might burn other's clothes of even their skin, though you are not on purpose. In that situation, everyone hate you. The most important is that smoking in public places is bad for the health of the people around you. According to the science survey, if a person smoke, there will be a lot of poisonous materials in the air around him. The materials are so poisonous that people around him will get more harm than the smoker himself. The fact is that these people are all innocent and it is very unfair. In a conclusion, to protect all people' health, smoking in public places should be forbidden. I think everyone will agree that smoking is harmful to people's health. In human society, smoking in public is seemed as some rude behavior, no matter what country and culture you live. Smoking has such bad effects as follow. Firstly, it will cause apparent damages to your lung. Most people smoke just for the temporary comfort when they are in trouble. They say smoking can help release their mental burden and forget all problems for a while. When people feel nervous upset or worried, smoking comes to their final choice——the only comfort. That may explain why so many people are addicted to smoking. But does it real work, I don't think so. Secondly, smoking will do much more harm to the people around the smokers. Especially for children and pregnant women, smoke will bring incurable influence to them. According to some statistics, smoking is the main cause to lung cancer. Every year, the amount of people dying from lung cancer is incredible, just less than the amount of death caused by car accident. Sometimes we say that smoking is an invisible killer. At last, smoking should also cost much money, and that will add one man's financial burden. Even smoking may also bring family conflicts.Nowadays more and more people smokes. We can see people smoke almost everywhere, and they seems to enjoying the feeling of smoking very much no matter what reaction they come across when smoking. Personally I don't think it interesting or cool to smoke, because I like breathing fresh air. I simply can't understand why people feel good to smoke in some "polluted" air. I do know the chemical stuff that burned tobacco releases have the effect of chairing people up, but for most of smokers it is not the chemical reaction the reason that they smokes but the image of smoking people are cool and grown up, others may be smoking because of stress from life, rare as it is, still others are truly addicted to tobacco. Money spend on cigarettes is a fortune to any body, but they spend it on cigarettes day after day, even though they can save it or do some business with it. Despite its wasting money character is not favourable, the critical point is that it do harm people's health. When you smokes, you smokes in more than the inspiring chemical; you also takes in stuff that released when tobacco burns. Imaging what it is like when a forest catches fire, you can see thick smoke comes from burned plants, and that is, just a little bigger, exactly the same kind of stuff you breath in when smoking. So, although you may say it's hard to cut off cigarettes, you'd better do cut off them for your own health and people around you.Restaurant is a place you can relax yourselves, where i think should be clean and quiet. While if someone smokes there, he will definitely break this and deeply affect the customers around. As we all know, smoking is bad for our health. Nowadays, more and more people who never smokers are troubled by the problems caused by their lung. How could they do that? Once you breathe the smoke in the air from the smokers, you are equally having smoked. So, banning smoking in restaurants is both good for the environment of the restaurant and the health of the customers. Besides the reason above, smoking is also bad for the smokers, not just his health. If you smoke in a public place, the smoke you make may pollute the air around you, which make others easily notice that you are smoking. If I were one of them, I would immediately keep myself away from you, for the first feeling tells me that you are not a good person and you can but hurt me, because smoking is a bad behavior in most people's opinions. So you'd better not smoke especially in the restaurant, in such a clean and quiet place. In a word, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.When I go to university or travel to somewhere, I used to choose bullet trains or planes. Not for their high speed but for they being non smoking vehicles. Even now I could not understand the reason of smoking. Some says that cigarette can excite them and provide energy and others said smoking make them mature enough. Maybe I do not possess any right to blame people smoking because smoking is the liberty of them, but I can blame people who smoking in public areas. Statistics indicates that second hand smoking do more harm than smoking which is quite harmful. Smoking in public areas is a much worse behavior than talking loudly in public place. The latter is just disturbing others while the former is hurting others. What is the most unbearable is that people sometimes smoking in place where I can not avoid the smoke, such as in vehicles, in the meeting room, in the party and so on. Smoking people can not imagine the indignation and upset when non smoking people smell the smoke and the atmosphere is destroyed. People should consider others feeling and try to learn to think at the position of others. I am really sympathetic to those who are addicted to cigarette while I argue against strongly to smoking in public place. As is we all known, smoking does harm to our health. It is so normal to see a man or a woman smoking in public place. I don't know why so many people like to smoke everyday. Even though they clearly know that's a bad habit. They are seriously addicted to it as if they would die without it. Another word we know is smoking is to slowly kill oneself. Why don't we stop the step to the gap of death? But the worst is someone harm themselves' health but also others' when they smoke at some public place, such as the hospital, the airport, the train station and so on. Though there is no one state it is not allowed to smoke at these place, but we should take others' feel into considerate. When you are smoking, do you see the sick babies in the breast of their mums, if you notice people who need fresh air to keep minds functioning well? So next time when we want to light a piece of smoke in our hand up, we had better have a think will I influent others? Can I take the one in my pack and care about myself health? If we do so, I believe the number of people who like smoking in public places will become smaller and smaller. There is no denying that there are so many people smoking around us. As is known to everyone, there is enormous harm lying in smoking. For instance, smoking can bring severe harm to the smokers' lungs. But the fact is that people still continue to smoke. Almost all of the smokers began to smoke out of curiosity. After a period of time, they got addicted to it. And then, they found it quite difficult to get rid of the habit of smoking even though they had already been aware of the damage brought by smoking. The reason is obvious. They have anaclisis and they can't live without cigarette. Our urgent affair is to find some measures to help the smokers to quit smoking under the circumstance. Firstly, we should try our best to propagandize the harm to smokers and people around brought by smoking. In this way, we can help them build their determination and confidence of abandoning smoking successfully. And then, we can supervise and urge our family members. My father had ever been addicted to smoking. It's my mother, my sisters and me that urged him to quit smoking every day. The result was perfect. Now my father will never have a smoke. Lastly, we can find some succedaneum for them so that they can quit smoking more easily.Smoking is not a good habit. It costs a lot of money and will do great harm to smokers' health. But there never lacks heavy smokers. Not only do them smoke at home, but they also smoke a lot in public places, such as coffee cafe, hall, church, etc. I think it is not so appreciate. Public places are for all so smoking there is unbearable for the bad smell. What's more, it will pollute the air and make others to do a second smoking when nobody is aware of it. So, I am strongly against for smoking in public. From my point of view, I think smoking is completely a bad habit because it brings us no benefits. It just like drugs, people are addicted to it and are damaged by it slowly. Watch those who die from lung disease, most of them are heavy smokers. So we should give up smoking for our family and health. Smoking is never important and no one will laugh at you if you can not smoke. Finally, what I want to say is that if someday we want to smoke, please think that what we will do will cause such damage. In my eyes, there is no doubt that smoking should be forbidden in public places. Because I think smoking is to public places what a back spot is to a piece of white paper. As we all know, smoking is harmful to the health of not only smoker but also other people around. Public places are used to work, study and entertainment for people. So it should be a good environment and in a good atmosphere. However the smoke form smokers can break the atmosphere so that others cannot work on or study on. When others smell the smoke, they may also want to smoke or not feel well. In a word, the smoke has a bad effect on others in public places. What's worse, sometimes it is very dangerous to smoke in some public places. For example, it is possible that smoking causes fire at a gas station. Smoking in public places reflects smokers' low quality. It will give others a bad impress ion just because there is one people smoking in a public place. In a word, without question, smoking should be forbidden in public places.As we all know, smoking does great harm to not only smokers but also other people around and the environment. So some people advised that we should ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country, with which I don't agree. Below are the reasons: First, the amount of smoker in our country is an extremely large number. Obviously, it's impracticable to let everyone of them give up smoking. When these people go to restaurants, they will feel so bad if there is no room for them to smoke, which is a little unkindness. Secondly, a restaurant is a place where people eat food as well as relax. To some people, it is smoking that let them calm down and relax. And the number of these people may be very large. If they can't do what they think is relaxing, they may choose not to go there, and thus the restaurants' business can be badly influenced. At last, we can set up some special smoking room for smokers in restaurants so they don't disturb other people. This solution can solve many problems that smoking may bring. We can find that it can keep balance between smokers and others, so banning smoking is not a must. Banning smoking is a meaningful but hard work. We should take account for many practical factors in the process. So, smoking shouldn't be completely banned now. I believe we can find a good way to solve these smoking problems and reduce the amount of smokers.Smoking, a heavy topic, which is always accompanied with sad stories. There is a larger and larger group of people ruined by cigarettes day by day. Some little kids lost their grandfathers, even fathers, just for some pieces of cigarettes! What's worse, a smoker may bring larger damage to people around him. So I think it is necessary to forbid smoking in public places, not only to earn the smoker himself a good body, but also give the cozy atmosphere back to the others. What's more, cigarettes are not cheap, because our country adds the tax percent to cigarettes to keep people away from it. So when smokes in public places, people may have a sense of compete. That is not good to social development. On the other hand, public places should be every citizen's not just some ones. Smoking is so bothering that it may influence people's moods. And it will also do badly to the environment. What's worse, the deserted cigarettes may bring serious effect to soil. And the less of cautious to put off the cigarettes when finished, may be a hidden danger, too. All in all, I think there are lots of benefits to forbid smoking in public places, if we really achieve the goal, we can have a more pleasant atmosphere, do good to public health and reduce hidden danger. We should call on everyone to push forward the course of smoking forbidden. As far as I am concerned, smoking is a pretty awful behavior, especially in public places, so I deem that smoking should be forbidden in public places. There are following reasons: Above all, smoking in public places not only does great harm to your own health, but also pollutes the surrounding air so that the other people beside you will be forced to smoke. According to some researches, second hand smoking increases the disease rate, such as lung cancer, heart attack, etc. In other words, if you smoke in public places, both you and people around you will be damaged. Secondly, smoking in public places will influence the image of the city. Imagine that some overseas people come to Shanghai only to find we Chinese smoke in the bus station. What impression of China they will get is obvious. In order to leave a good impression on others, we should not smoke in public places. Last but not least, after you smoke, there will exist some dust which will do harm to people coming into contact with it. In other words, it may affect people from further places. Besides the aspects upside, there exists many other harmful effects, so I feel obliged to forbid smoking in public places. As is the common phenomenon, many people tend to smoke before and after meals in restaurants, thus influencing other people more or less. However, I don't agree completely ban smoking at all restaurants. First of all, I strongly doubt it can be accomplished. Imagine there are countless restaurants all over the county and countless people eat in them. How can we conduct this order in reality, by force? I don't think it's proper. And most restaurant are not willing to do it for it may drive many customers away. Above all customers are free to smoke, and they deserve the rights to enjoy the rights which doesn't harm others obviously, either. So the communication between waiters and customers who are likely to stick to their own ideas remain to be trouble. Besides, we can't ban a thing just because of its slight harm. Needless to say, the cigarette producing has made up the great shares in GDP. And if we ban smoking in restaurants, the producing must decrease sharply. What's more, as we know, the emissions from cars do great harm to our health, can we ban car driving in the street? Furthermore, it has become a habit to give cigarettes to others to show your respect. It is also a part of table manners. So people may naturally take out cigarettes at meals. Once a tradition is deeply rooted in everyone's heart, the first thing we can do is not to ban it but to improve or change it. So I think we can invent some healthy cigarettes to solve it. Or we can divide the restaurant into several parts, in some of which smoking is allowed. So considering the current situation, I don't think to ban smoking in all restaurants is proper. As we all know, smoking is harmful to our health. So the government has banned on smoking on some restaurants. But there are more disputes. Some people approve of it very much. They even think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it is more comfortable for the non speakers, while other people don't think so. In fact, most of them are smokers, they think it is very inconvenient for them to go to the restaurants. In my point of view, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is true that the smoke is harmful to the non speakers, especially the pregnant people and the child. But the population of smoking is too large. So we cannot ask the government to ban smoking at all restaurants. But there are still some methods. For example, we can imitate the policy from other countries. We can set some smoking areas and no smoking areas in every restaurant. As far as I know, some restaurants have already done it. So in this way, we can protect people's health in public, and we can also let the heavy smokers to have more room. If both sides step back, we can have a better life. So we should't ban on smoking at all restaurants.As we all know, smoking is harmful to smokers and the persons who have to sit by. However, is it necessary to completely ban smoking at all the restaurants? I don't think so. After all, smoking is already a habit of many people. If the government suddenly ban it at all the restaurants, there seem to be significant impact on the people being hooked to smoking. We can't simply ban smoking only because we know it's bad to the health. Also should we probe the reason hided behind the phenomenon. Many people regard smoking as an effective way to alleviate the pressure. Others think smoking can bring them the inspiration. And in some places, offering a cigarette to the person you meet show your respect. With more and more people gathering in restaurants, if they are not permitted smoking, they are likely to feel embarrassed. Suppose people can't smoke in all restaurants, some smoker may intend to choose having meal at home. The number of customer may become small. this is the last thing the restaurants want to see. And it's not good for the economy. So still allowing smoking at some restaurants seems to be proper. To protect children, they can't get in.From my point of view, I couldn't agree with forbidding smoking in public place any more for the following reasons. Above all, it is not only the smoker's health but also all the health of people around him that someone smokes in public will make a bad effect on. Take me for an example. Though my father never smokes, I still often cough out of the bad air made by smoking. Undoubtedly, there's something to do with smoking in public place. In other words, the success of the volunteers appealing us not to smoke is easily in vain because our health is still affected by smoke. What's more, if smoking is forbidden in public place, there will be a great improvement in our environments. It is obvious that the abandoned cigarrit will become rubbish. More importantly, many people are not aware that they should throw them into dustbins. No wonder there are ciggrats in the streets here and there. Only by forbidding smoking in public place can we solve the problem. Most importantly, in this way, we can decrease the chance that children are addicted to smoke. There is no doubt that children are will to do what the grown ups do. If they see a lot of adults smoking in the public place, they are easily to follow them. Even though they discover that smoking is harmful, they can hardly get rid of it. In a word, I hold the view that smoking in public place should be forbidden.I do agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Let's discuss the restaurant first. So what dose restaurant mean? A restaurant means some place where you have a meal. After a lot of tiring work, you must be tired and hungry. You enter a restaurant and you feel better. You take a seat and figure out what you are going to eat, full of happy minds. However, God plays a joke. A big man with a rude face, sitting next to you, smokes as if there is only himself in the restaurant. Unfortunately, the sick dirty cloud drives towards to you. I promise you will get bad emotions back as soon as you sniff it and you will never want to meet the big man again unless you are this kind of impolite people. If smoking can just disturb your minds without other harmful effect, we needn't take pains to ban it. What's worse, smoking is consuming your life. You can google smoking & bad effect and there is no doubt that you will receive millions of results that tells you the deadly effect of smoking. The main cause is lung cancer. When you smoke, the smoke which contains thousands of harmful things goes into your lung and destroys your body from lung to every place in your body. Just imagine that your cells, your tissues and even your heart are damaged by cigarettes you happily smoke. You are killing yourself! It is much worse that you are murdering others through your pleasant cigarettes. Due to those reasons, we can easily conclude that banning smoking is necessary. We all should say no to cigarettes to save ourselves and people around us.Nowadays many people smoke in the world. They smoke almost everywhere, such as houses, offices, restaurants and so on. They don't care about other people who don't smoke. I strongly protest that people smoke in the restaurant. Firstly, the restaurant is a public place. And we all know we can't smoke in these place. Why? Because it is a public place, we should keep in our mind that what we are doing should not disturb others. It is not our private space. To tell the truth, I do hate those who smoke in the restaurant. Secondly, a restaurant is a place for people to have their meal, not a place for smoking. We eat food in it. I am not quite sure whether those who smoke like chimneys eat food or cigarettes. The place should be clean and the air should be fresh. Thirdly, we know cigarettes contain nicotine and other harmful things. Smoking is bad for our health. It has proved that many serious diseases like lung cancer and heart diseases are linked with smoking. And what is worse is that if a person don't smoke but sit by the smoker, the danger is higher than the smoker themselves. In the end, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. And I suggest that smoking also should be banned in every public places. Should smoking be forbidden in public places? I strongly hold the opinion that it must be stopped. There do exist uncountable harms of smoking in the public and I'm urged to see the ban against smoking in practice in a larger scope. As we all know, smoking does harms to our body and ruins our health. The smoker himself or herself inevitably suffers from the poisons that exist in the small cigarette. And on the other hand, people around him or her will have to be the second handed smokers. Exposed in this condition for a long time, the innocent people will tend to be in poor health. Secondly, smoking in the public can also lead to many tragic accidents, such as conflagration. In 2002 of Xi'an, a large nightclub was on fire, heavy smoke constantly sent off from the building. The accident caused dozens of deaths, shocking people around the country. There are still many other tragedies caused by the small cigarette, and we don't want to see them happen again and again. After looking back on them, we can see the urgent to forbid smoking in the public, especially in places which can easily catch fire. But to be frankly, if too much pressure are put on the smokers, they would probably pour scorn on the ban. So, I think some cubs should be set especially for smokers, just like the divided smoking area and no smoking area. Considering the foreseeable harms and hidden danger of smoking in the public, there is no time for the government to focus on this issue. Nowadays, as we all see, there are always some people like to smoke in public places. They enjoy smoking one after another without caring about the people around. In my opinion, smoking in public should be forbidden. I remember that when I was in high school, I had to go to school before 7 o'clock. However, the school was far away from my home. So my timetable was tight and stable. Then almost everyday I had to take the lift full of smoke, that means there was a guy enjoying smoking in a public place without any guilty before I took the lift everyday. So I had no choice but to breathe in the second hand smoke. It made me sick. The smell was so strong that I would feel like vomiting. That was a terrible experience. As we all know, smoking is very bad for people's health, and the second hand smoke is even more poisonous. A smoker not only destroys his own health, but also others close to him, especially his friends, his family and his lovers. Smoking is just like a monster which kills one little by little. Even if one doesn't care about himself, he should also give up smoking for the sake of the people around him. It is reported that a cigarette can even kill a little baby. How terrible it is! So I think even if forbidding smoking can't be accepted by everyone, the government should forbid smoking in public.I always wonder that as smoking becomes a kind of food for some people, as cigarette is allowed in the country, why don't we set a smoking restaurant for such kind of people, in this way, they can enjoy their great meal every day, we can not be poisoned then. But in the real world, this doesn't happen, so smoking can't be some kind of food, or it is something that really does harm to us all. But why it isn't banned nowadays, and even there are so many no smoking signs in public places, some times we can still find so many cigarettes scatted and smoke flying everywhere, I can still that there isn't a god of cigarette, right? So that's not some kind of relief, just some addicted people. Smoking does no good to smokers, as well as people around him. The profile that so many cigarette companies and government get makes them by no means let this big cake fly away. No matter how far the way we still have to go to forbid smoking, at least, smoking should be banned in the restaurant now. However, smoking in the restaurant is not only harmful to people eating there, but also a worst significant, for if in a country, smoking can enjoy the same position as eating, smoking tumor will exit forever. I can't image that what may happen to the family happily eating there in the future. Maybe some time afterwards, another family will be damaged by smoking again. So for a better future, smoking should be banned in the restaurant, NOW!The addiction to the cigarettes belongs to many people. And when it comes to the argument whether to forbid the smoking completely, the people can't make the same decision. Some agree when others are against. In my opinion, I think the cigarette should be forbidden. The cost of cigarette is a large burden,. Many people, including the poor man, spend thousands of money buying cigarette. It's a huge payment that most people can't afford. Maybe government can gain a lot from the trade. But in my mind, nothing can weight more than the better life of civilians. So the government abandon their small profit and forbid smoking immediately. Less smoking, less conflagration. In due time, every firing cigarette can burn down a town.. And most people won't put out their cigarettes, especially in the desert and forest, where there can have a fire easily. So influenced by the spread of no smoking, fireman's work won't be so busy anymore. Last and the most importantly, following the increasing of smokers' number, the amount of cancer patients also grow rapidly. Most lung cancer patients have several decade history of smoking. So for everybody who want to have a long and high quality life it a must to give up your smoking habit. And if a smoker who had known that smoking can harm other people's health still stick to smoking, he may be too selfish. So considering the health of you and people around you, smokers should give up smoking. The three reason I listed above has explain my view. The policy forbidding smoking can benefits many people. So the government should put it into practice as soon as possible.I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As kwon to all, smoking is harmful to people. When you smoke, the tobacco burns and give off a lot off smokes that are harmful to your body especially to your lungs. A medical experiment shows that people who smoke a lot get lung cancer and other similar ills more than those who didn't smoke. So everyone should try their best not to smoke. What's worse, the medial experiment shows that one people smokes will do more harm to people beside him/her. Restaurants are public place, if you smoke, others will be affected. It's impolite to smoke in public places. If there are children eating, the smoke given off by tobacco will do more harm to them. Now, many developed countries have set series of lows to forbid people from smoking in public places, e. g. internet café, restaurants, shopping center and so on. Then, why didn't we ask people not to smoke and just forbid them from smoking in restaurants and other public places? Because we must take steps one by one. Otherwise there will suddenly be lots of workers who have no job. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think it is essential that smoking should be banned in public places. My supporting ideas are as followed. First of all, smoking is harmful to our health. The more we smoking, the poorer health we will get. Smoking, in a way, is just like taking drugs. So, the less we smoke, the better we will be. Smoking damages our lung. It adds more possibilities to us to get lung cancer which will finally lead to death. So it's more sensible for us to keep away from cigarettes. Secondly, parents are children's first teacher. If parents become keen on smoking, it will have bad effect on children and their future. They will get more possibility to abandon themselves to smoking when they grown up. Lastly, smoking in public places not only damages your own body, but also destroy other people's who around you. Scientists point out that people who smoke second hand cigarettes get more chance to get a cancer. So all people's health are under threaten, including those who don't smoke. Why do they have to pay for that? They are innocent and have no responsibility. In order to be fair to all people, smoking should be banned in restaurant. So I think not only in restaurants, smoking should be forbidden in all public places.It's reported that more and more cities ban public smoking. I can't agree it more actually. When we are on a bus, in a supermarket or even in a bar, we would feel disgusted even if only couples of people are smoking. Flating smoke surrounding me always make me cough and hard to breathe, so I really hate people who smoke on public regardless of the others. As a matter of fact, the harm from a public smoker is far more than making people sick. According to many scientific surveys, people near a smoker will smoke second handly, which does more harm even than the original smokers! So it's never too early too take actions to ban public smoking. Futher more, the poisonous gas can pollute the whole air, which makes our environment worse. And lastly, smoking is a really bad habit itself, so NO PUBLIC SMOKING may help those smokers keep away cigarette to some degree. Sometimes district rules are much more convincing than tender advice, you know. In a word, every minute counts on the way to put NO PUBLIC SMOKING into practice. I have saw some adults even teens smoking in public places more than once. Actually, I am very against such behavior. As for myself, the smelling of smog makes me feel awful. Besides, there are lots of reasons proving that smoking should be forbidden in public places. First, it is reported that if a smoker is smoking in a room, the health of other people who would breath in the poisonous smog around the smoker will be affected. Meanwhile, when people smoke in the public places, the air of the public places will be polluted. So it is no wonder that some public places have set the smoking room or smoking zone. Even so, smoking in public places shouldn't be promoted. Second, I believe that everyone might know that smoking is bad for our health, but why do so many people cannot stop smoking? Because smoking can addict people easily. Once you have a try, you cannot reject it. So the forbid of smoking in public places is of great importance in the term of the health of civilian people. Third, sometimes many dangerous accidents are caused by smoking. For example, when you are smoking in the gas station, the spark of cigarette may set fire to the gasoline escaping from the fuel tank, and cause big explosion. Considering from people's health or the security of society, the advantages of smoking in public places are much more than the disadvantages. We shall forbidden the smoking in public places for a better future. The saying: Smoking is killing yourself. , in my mind, must be seen in everywhere. I hate smoke, for the smoking brought me many terrible memories. My grandfather dead of smoking, the lung cancer that caused by years' smoking took him away from me when I was just 12. I just don't understand that why such many people who know smoking is harmful are still smoking. And the number of smokers has been larger when the age of started to smoke has been younger! It feels so bad that the people live with you are all smokers. But the truth is that China has the largest number of smoking people in the world! Smoke was used as a kind of medicine at first. Because of its unusual addiction, smoke was sold as normal goods by companies to make exorbitant money. In this way, smoking has many similarities with taking drugs. You spend money and health on smoke, making everyone who loves you to be worried. I hate smoke. In my point of view, smoking should be allowed only when you are alone. As the secondhand smoke which referred to as passive smoke can cause more serious health problem, people who do not smoke also are in risk when someone smoke around. It is unfair that you smoke cost other's health. So, smoking must be a private action and must influence in personal too. At last, I have something to say. To those smokers, you should love yourself, your family and your own live. One less cigarette a day means more love to everyone. To those who do not smoke, please tell smokers around you to quit smoking if you really love him or her. In a word, keeping away from smoke, as a result, long and happy life you will have.Recently, smoking has been banned in most public places. And the banning trend is stretching into the restaurants. For long, people are arguing about whether smoking should be completely banned at all the reataurants in the country. However, I'm in favor of saying yes, taking two influential factors into consideration. The first factor lies in the restaurants' atmosphere. Restaurnants are public places for people to enjoy their meals. And smoking is selfish when public places belong to all. Smoking at a restaurant not only sours one's own appetite, but has a bad impact on the eating environment, making others feel disgusting. Many people maintain that they won't step into a restaurant with a smoker inside. Thus, the behavior is expected to be banned for bringing harm to every one. For the sake of our safety, it's also definitely right to promote the banning. Can anyone imagine it that a cigarette end is carelessly dealt with in a place with oil everywhere? It can't be worse. Accidents can happen out of our expectation. Media always report restaurants' fire accidents resulting from lit cigarette ends. And we should make improvements and preventions upon the frustrating experience. In a word, smoking should be banned at the restaurants before more lives are claimed. Cigarettes are more horrible than we expect. It is time we took actions against the current situation. Only by completely banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country can we enjoy a sound eating environment.Recently, laws have been made to forbid smoking in public places. But in my opinions, smoking in public places should be allowed. First, many people has been addicted to smoking for a long period of time. They will surely feel uncomfortable if they keep staying in a non smoking area. So they have to go outside alone to smoke. I think it is somehow unfair for them to do this. These people have just chose a way to lighten the pressure. And it's really hard to get rid of it. It's not proper to treat them unequally just because of this. But smoke will pollute the air in public places, definitely. Therefore, some ways should still be taken. I think that separate the place into two places which name'smoking area' and 'non smoking area' can be a good choice. Some restaurants have already taken this. If the method is taken, smoking people can do what they like still inside the place, but not outside. And those who don't smoke or even hate smoking will be influenced little. All the people are then treated equally. To sum up, smoking is bad to some extent, but it's too strict to forbid smoking in public places.I strongly agree with the topic that smocking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some people would like to have a smock after meals, and we can always find many people smocking in the restaurant. As we all know, smocking does great harm to our health and second hand smock is even danger. As reported, second hand smock has the same possibility to cause cancer and children are sensitive to it. So when someone smocks in public places such as a restaurant, what great harm he will do to people around him. In the meantime, it is also not a good idea to sit in a fog when we have a meal. And the smell of second hand smock is not very good which we would never want to smell during a meal. So I always feel upset when my father smocks after meals, which does harm to everyone's health and broke the atmosphere. Above all, I suggest that smocking should be completely banned in most public places as soon as possible in the country, especially at the restaurants. And the smokers themselves should also consciously keep the smock out of restaurants, and make a better atmosphere for diners.Every time when I see someone is smoking, I will be always unhappy to him or her. It is not because I am unsatisfactory to himself or herself, but they quarrel between my father and my mother. My father love smoking, or said too serious a bit, he is hopelessly hooked in cigarettes. He doesn't stop smoking all day. If he has some time not smoking, he will be so painful that he even will be angry with my mother or me for no reason. For this reason, he has had words with my mother which is countless. What's worse, he doesn't just smoke at home; he even smokes in public such as restaurants and doesn't consider the others. Some non smokers are always frowning to go far away. And when time is long, the whole restaurant is filled with a serious smell which makes the other customers very upset. For this, these managers have reminded him for a lot of times. In fact, smoking in restaurants has lots of harm. First, the restaurant is where people eat. Smoking in there will make the food become so dirty. It will be a great potential danger if someone often eats in this kind of place. And second, the restaurant is a public place, if someone smokes in there, the number of people who have a second hand smoking is very large. Especially, it is a deadly harm to the waters. A survey indicates that most of waters who get a cancer is because he or she has a second smoking for a long term. So banding smoking is a very necessary measure. For our health, everyone please contributes a little. Persuading the people who are addicted to smoking to give up smoking, especially these who always smoke in public.There is no doubt that smoking is harmful. It not only does harms to the smokers but also to the people around. Smoking in public is regarded as an impolite behavior. And banning smoking in all the restaurants in the country should be agreed. Restaurants should provide customers a comfortable place to eating. And it is obvious that nonsmokers won't feel at ease when there is a person dragging away. Smoking in the restaurants not only does harms to nonsmokers' health, but also affects their emotions when eating. So it is reasonable to banning smoking in all the restaurants. The ban will make smokers feel unease when eating in the restaurants. This, however, will benefit smokers a lot. They think it to be inconvenient if they smoke, and then they have to think about quit smoking. My father smokes, he has been hooked by over 30 years. He never thought about quit smoking and excused that it is too hard for him to quit smoking. However, he gradually found that it is more and more inconvenient if he smokes because there are more and more NOSMOKING signs in public places. And now, he has to try to quit smoking. Although banning smoking in all the restaurants in the country seems to be very strict for smokers, it benefits both smokers and nonsmokers. All of us have been told that smoking is bad for health. Many kinds of harmful components are found in the smoke including carbon monoxide, tar, heavy metal and many kinds of substances. But still there are a lot of men smoking and more and more women are becoming smokers. Some people smoke just because they are sometimes embraced because when people pass them cigarettes by courtesy. And some just consider smoking as a cool act. But most people start smoke because of pressure. The have got too much work deep into the night, many of them smoke to defend drowsiness. Some of them smoke to get rid of pressure and annoyance. Maybe people just smoke for some important purpose at first, but soon they won't help but smoking out of habit. I don't think people should smoke in public, not only because smoking is bad for their health but also smoking harms other people. The smoke smokers breathe out and the smoke from the burning part is even more poisonous than the gas they breathe in. It harms many other people present who are not smoking. And the smell is definitely smoky. The best way to get rid of smoking is never taste it. One should choose better ways to get rid of pressure and drowsiness. And besides, smoking is not cool at all indeed! Smoking, one of the most efficient health chronic killers in 21st century, is nowadays drawing more and more people's attention. As is known to all, smoking is the source of many kinds of diseases, such as heavily coughing \asthma and lung cancer. It does great harm to human body, especially for newly born babies. It's recently reported that a bowl of boiled water with butt is enough to put a baby to death. Moreover, it is also harmful to the surroundings when smoking in public. Cigarettes give off poisonous gas into the air, not only affecting the plants nearby, but also harming non smokers around. Cigarettes have an even greater bad impact on passive smokers. Accordingly, many non smokers are against smoking. Governments are putting up a ban on smoking in public places. It is a measure to protect our health and the environment. But many smokers argue that this action strips them of freedom. They have the right to do what they like. It is lame, isn't it? Non smokers have the right to breathe in fresh air which smokers are about to pollute instead. If must, smokers need a private room to separate the smoke from the public. And they still have the freedom. As far as I am concerned, giving up smoking is the best beneficial decision you make. It is good to all of us.I don't share the same opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. As is known to us all, smoking does great harm to the smokers and it is even more serious for those who are around the smokers. With the rise on awareness of health protection, there are sever regulations on smoking in many public places such as hospitals, airports, etc. As is the case with some restaurants. However, if we prohibit smoking in restaurant at all, there will arise many problems and inconvenience. First of all, it is unfair for those who smoke. Just like my daddy, it is so difficult for him to quit smoking that he failed doing that again and again. I know clearly how hard it is for him to spend any one more minute when he want to smoke. So once smoking is totally banned in restaurant maybe my father will never dine out any longer. What is more, many people may try to break the rules resulting from not smoking for a long time. Thus it will cause loads of unnecessary problems. So how to solve this problem? In my opinion, we just need to set another room for those who smoke specifically then we can all enjoy a happy time together. Some people hold the point that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I completely agree with that. Smoking is a really bad habit that makes many people annoyed. When someone smokes, he influences people around him. The worse thing is that it may cause more harm to others than to himself. It is their freedom to smoke, but people should not to do it in public. When you smoke in public, you also force the people around you to smoke. It would be impolite. Everyone knows that smoking is bad for our health. You don't care your health, but they do. On the other hand, it is not safety to smoke in public place. It will be dangerous if you throw the smoked cigarette everywhere. It is easy to cause a fire accident. In fact there are seas of fire accidents are caused by smoking. Also, many people would fell sick if someone somke around them when they have a meal. Restaurant should offer a fresh atmosphere for people to have a meal. So, it is necessary to forbid smoking in restaurant. To conclude, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.It is commonly acknowledged that smoking is harmful to people's health because many harmful substances can come into smokers' lung and make it ill. To make us live better, I think smoking in public places should be forbidden. Forbidding smoking can make the air in public places cleaner. Smoking can spoil air because of the emitted CO2, CO and other poisonous gas. People need clean air to live healthily. If we don't get clean air, we will be ill soon. Besides, if we forbid smoking in public places, a great number of people won't be second hand smokers. Forbidding smoking is also good for smokers. Smoking is the main reason for lung cancer. A lot of people have died of lung cancer which was caused by smoking. Smokers are always worried about their health. The WTO pointed out that the best way to avoid lung cancer is quitting smoking. People should stop smoking unless they don't mind dying of cancer. Forbidding smoking is good for our country's economic for the government won't have to put large amounts of money on medical insurance. In spite of losing taxes on tobacco, the government will save more on medical insurance. In a word, forbidding smoking in public places is both good for smokers and non smokers. It is necessary to forbid smoking.Believe it or not, smoking has become more and more common in our lives. Nobody can deny that we can see it anytime or anywhere. Smokers believe strongly that when they feel tired or upset, a cigarette can certainly help them forget them and gain happiness and energy. Of course, we cannot easily condemn that they are wrong, just because it is unhealthy. But I want to declare that maybe we should consider others' feelings when we enjoy ourselves, especially when we in public. So, in my opinion, smoking should be forbidden in public. In order to keep healthy, not only for others but also for smokers, we really need a law to tell people that smoking in public is impolite. We should try our best to let smokers know that this kind of practice is harmful to everybody. Anyhow, smoking in public is such a bad thing that can only indicate the smoker is a indelicacy person. Of course, we all know quit smoking is such a difficult thing for everybody and forcing smokers not to smoke is also unreasonable. How can we solve this problem? Maybe we can establish some places where smokers can enjoy themselves without any worry! Smoking is bad for our health, and smoking in public is a bad symbol of our soul. At last, I want to say respecting others is respecting ourselves !In the old times, smoking is maybe the symbol of aged, cultured men. Now, with the widespread planting of tobacco, every grown ups especially male, are tend to smoke. Some of them are addict to cigarettes, so they smoke everywhere, including in public places. However, I think smoking in public places should not be allowed. First, smoking is not a good manner to others, if you always pouring out smelly smoke while others feel sick, you must be unpopular. Secondly, smoking now mainly plays the role in social interaction, not just make someone feel satisfied. Also, cigarette has a lot of harmful chemicals that will hurt your body. Every cigarette box has a sign reminding you not to smoke too much outside. In public places, people need a quiet, comfortable environment. Smoking can make one excited like coffee do, to some extent. So smoking can affect all people around you and have a bad influence. That's why I oppose to smoking in public. I think every public place should have a smoking area. This action can not only release the smokers' pressure, but also create a good environment in public places, like the old saying goes Kill two birds with one stone.Today, smoking is a widely spread habit among all the people. A few years ago, only adults smoke. But now, not only adults but also teenagers smoke. And people start smoking in more and more places. But many people are tired of this. So should smoking be banned? The answer is yes. For example, if you smoke in restaurant, you will pollute the air. Others will inbreathe the polluted air and it is harmful to their health. And the polluted air will also do harm to you. And smoking will produce a bad smell. It will make others dislike you. It will also harm to the restaurant. And smoking in other public places should also be banned. If you smoke in an Internet bar, the smell will be attached to everything in the bar. Breathing will be difficult in the bar. The next to come will feel bad when surfing the Internet. The lungs of everyone will be damaged by the smell. The most important thing is that the air will be polluted and it will influence the health of everyone. As you know, when you smoke, it will be more harmful to others who breathe in the smell. In my opinion, people should give up smoking. Smoking is harmful to not only the people but also the environment. Giving up smoking is equal to taking care of others and the environment.Maybe it looks cool to have a cigarette. However, the fume from the cigarette is more harmful for others around you. I do agree to ban smoking at a public place, such as restaurant. Today, there are too many people in China smoking and too many people leading a bad life. When they have a cigarette, their lungs will become black. And when they have one more, it will be blacker. As a result, it will maybe cause them a pneumonia, or a more serious disease. However, maybe you do not know that people nearby a smoker will be affected more seriously. Fume form a lit cigarette has much more poisonous substance than that is insoaked in. So it should be banned smoking in a public place, where there are many people. Banning smoking can weaken pollution and make a stable and peaceful living environment. When we have a dinner in a smoking banned restaurant, we will feel good though then we will have no bad feeling, which is our want to have and appreciate. I do agree to ban smoking in a public place. In recent years, more and more public places such as some restaurants and pubs announced a ban on smoking. This tendency attracts much attention and caused a social debating. Many people especially those smokers think this limit their legal rights and require no ban for smoking. But more people agree on it. I think people shouldn't smoke in public places. We all know that smoking is bad for our health, but do you know that living with a smoker is even more harmful? The scientific research shows that the second hand smoke is much more harmful than smoke a cigarette directly. So smoking in public places can do harm to others health. So in my opinion, no smoking in public places is fair and legal. The second point is that smoking in public can have bad influence especially on young people. Children lack the ability of judgment and like to imitate adults. So they are more likely to smoke when they grow up or even before they grow up. Ban on smoking can teach them a good lesson: smoking is bad, don't touch it. Smoking in public places is dangerous. It can set things on fire and cause disasters. Many people lost their lives because of a cigarette. According to these reasons, I think people shouldn't smoke in public places. No smoking makes a healthier and more harmonious society. Now at more and more restaurants smoking is being banned in the Smoking city. So it is debated if smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. However, different people have different opinions. As we all know, it is bad for ours health to smoke. So many people think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. However I think that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As a coin has two sides, smoking not only is harmful for our health but smoking little also makes people excited. If you are addicted to smoking, it is difficult to rid out of smoking. We should persuade them to smoke as little as, but not request them ban smoking. Besides, it has become traditional to give one cigarette to another at table in restaurants. So I think smoking should be banned in some restaurants where women and children would be but not all. In one word, I think Smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. People should learn when smoking is proper. Recently, many countries put forward the policies of banning the smoking in public places, which means the government begins to put much attention on this problem. In my opinion, this banner is beneficial to the citizens' health. And we all should protect this pure environment from the harm of smoking. As we all know, smoking does a great harm to lung, and will raise the rate to have cancer disease. So no matter where should we smoke and do harm to ourselves. Not only can smoking do harm to smokers, but also the second hand smoke can be harmful to the people staying at the public places, because the second hand smoke can cause a large influence on our body. If a child is on the scene, the damage to his little body is even larger. It may lead to a malformation! So how can we endure a person in a public place like restaurant smoking without any misgiving? Last but not the least, the pollution of cigarettes is also one reason why we should ban smoking. Regardless of the process or the result, the pollution is both large. When we get the step to protect the environment and advocate green products, this problem must be handled as soon as possible. After the statements, we can see the importance to ban smoking in public places! Let us pay more emphasis on the problem.Although smoking is an unhealthy living habit and many people see it as a social cancer which threats both the smokers themselves and other people's health, banning smoking in all the restaurants is quite unnecessary and irrational. On one hand, if this practice targets at encouraging more and more smokers to quit smoking, that would be too strict. Quit smoking is a long and bitter process, it's impossible for those smokers to make it overnight, banning smoking in restaurants makes their life not convenient and may hurt their feelings because I think restaurants should be a place to relax, where many people ease their pressure by enjoying smoking. On the other hand, if restaurants aim at protecting other costumers' health, complete banning on smoking is not necessary at all. Like the minority of restaurants in the world, we can separate smokers from ordinary costumers and place them in an independent kitchen. To conclude, although smoking is not welcomed in public places, we can make it too strict. However, we can set some rules to limit them, but not totally ban smoking. As we all know, smoking is becoming a widespread habit in the whole world today. We can see all kinds of people smoke on street or on bus or wherever they want. Some of them even smoke in restaurants. Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? I think the answer is yes. There is no doubt that smoking does harm to our health and we all know that smoking can lead to many diseases such as lung cancer. But why so many people still smoke like chimneys? The reason varies from person to person. Some people may think it cool with a cigarette between their lips. Some may smoke just out of curiosity. And some may smoke to refresh themselves. However, smoking is not only harmful to the smokers themselves but also a great threat to others. When we smoke in the restaurant, we unconsciously do harm to others at the same time. We should think for others so we shouldn't smoke in restaurant. On the other hand, when we eat in restaurant, we will feel awful if others are smoking. So we can't have a good mood to enjoy our meals. Imagine we are in a restaurant full of smokes, which must be very bad! And smoking at restaurant is often regarded as a bad manner. If we want to enjoy our meal, smoking must be banned! In a word, smoking does a lot of harm to smokers and non smokers. It must be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There is a growing number of people adopting the habit of smoking. However, cigar is bad for us, so it is with the people around. Therefore, in my opinion, smoking should be seriously banned in public places. Smoking cigarettes causes bad air conditions, especially in the sealed spaces, such as restaurants, library, buses and supermarkets. Smoking leads the air conditions much worse where air is not circulated well. Even if there is open enough, people who get close to the smokers will also smell the smokes, unable to breathe the fresh air. If smoking isn't forbidden in the public, more and more people's health are endangered because of second hand smoking. Smoking can also causes fir disasters. And there are more people in public places, it may cause more deaths and injuries, property loss as well. What's more, smoking in public places gives an example to persuade people to smoke, especially the teenagers. Then more and more people get the bad habit. Finally it becomes a vicious circle and damages the health of society. In a word, it is quite necessary and important to forbid smoking in the public. In order to protect people's health, to prevent the spread of the virus, to advocate the non smoking and to live a better life, everyone should try their best to forbid public smoking as much as possible.I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking is a harmful habit that does no good to either the smoker or the people around. As is known, smoking makes it easier for people to get many kinds of diseases especially the cancer. As health is so important to human beings, we should abandon the bad habit using any available way. Secondly, smoking would make the eating environment much less enjoyable. Supposing you are having a delicious salad on a fresh spring morning, and the scent of the flowers is wafted along by the breeze. You start to breath greedily, but that's the moment when someone begins to smoke. You'll be choked and then physically and mentally nauseous. Since many people in the restaurant are sharing the same bad feeling with you, it's necessary that smoking become totally banned at all the restaurants as soon as possible. Thirdly, the restaurant is a specific kind of public area, where people meet and influence each other. In that sense, smoking may affect many curious teenagers or kids who cannot distinguish right from wrong. If they go astray because of having watched too many brilliant adults smoking in the restaurant, our society would have to take the inescapable responsibility of misleading them to do so. In a word, cigarettes should not be accepted by all restaurants for nobody could afford the grave consequences it leads to. I firmly believe that smoking in public should be forbidden by law. As we all know, smoking does harm to the smokers. But in fact, it also does harm to the people around the smoker, which has been manifested by the WHO. You can throw all cautions to the wind to be a chain smoker, and that's your right. But you can't be ignorant of the people around you in public. They have the right to do their things healthily in public, and they do not have the duty to be exposed in the environment which is full of those nasty smelling. No one will think you are cool when you are smoking in public. Instead, they may look down on you. Besides what I have mentioned above, smoking may ruin those students who are not well educated. They are immature and curious about everything and they may imitate what an adult do. So chances are that they also become smokers, which doesn't seem to be a good thing anyway. In a word, smoking in public is so harmful that we must put a ban on it. Only through the joint effort from the citizens and the government can we live a better city life.Smoking has always been a complicated issue in modern society in that most people know it is harmful but it can not be thoroughly banned strictly, even in public places such as restaurants. From my point of view, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First and foremost, it is known to us all that smoking does great harm to human beings. Not only the one who smokes but also people stay around him will all get poisoned, especially when the people around are all eating, which leads to the harm to people's lungs and even cancer and it is widely known that cancer has now become one of the most dangerous killers in today's society. With the speeding up of our living pace and the rapid development of our economy, our human life has been rotten by industrial pollution day after day, which draws us a conclusion that we have to spare no effort in protecting ourselves phyically at least in aspects we can handle by ourselves such as preventing smoking as much as possible. Secondly, smoking also awfully affects our environment. It is estimated that smokers produce some kinds of poisonous subatances doing their enjoyable leisure time, which can proceed a series of chemical change with other substances in the air and finally turn out to be the contributor of our polluted atmosphere. Hence, in the consideration of environmental protection, smoking should definitely be banned in public, not to mention public places such as restaurants which should offer customers a comfortable and healthy eating atmosphere. What's more, smoking in restaurants will also influence the image of the restaurant, even the image of the city. Smoking symbolizes the terrible living habits of people and may impress everyone coming to the country with unpleasant feelings. All in all, for the sake of everyone and our society, smoking in restaurants should absolutely be forbidden all around the country.As far as I'm concerned, smoking should be completely banned at all restautants in the country. Smoking is such a dangerous and harmful thing that if a baby swallow an end of a cagarette, he is very likely to die and the boiled water from a bunch of them makes a effective insecticide. In addition, dozens of illnesses, like lung cancer, have close relation with it. Not only does smoking does harm to the smokers'health, but it is also a threat to the people around the smokers. It's called the second hand smoking. We shouldn't only think about the right of smokers, but take non smokers's health into consideration. Public places, like restaurants, is where many people gather together. One's smoking will have great impact on many other people's feeling and health. If we don't banned smoking completely, it's no difference from encouranging smokers to continue smoking, which is very inhuman. As a children grew up in a environment surrounded by smokers, I do know the significance of ban of smoking in the restaurants. The smell of smoke deprives my appetite and leads to my coughing. Restanraut shoule be a place for eating, instead of committing suicide. So, for the reason I list above, I believe it makes a difference to ban smoking completely in restaurant, or even all public places.Smoking does great harm. For smokers, they are just making chronicle suicide. Your lung is polluted and in fast decline for the input of too many kinds of poisonous chemicals, some of which are carcinogenic. Your teeth is strongly damaged and it's just a fantastic dream for you to have white and healthy teeth. According to some surveys, on average, smokers live several years shorter than no smokers. For people having to stay with smokers, their lung is likely to be damaged a lot. They share the same risk to have cancers with the smokers, if not higher. Though it's printed on the cigarette boxes that smoking does harm to your health, there are still a lot of people smoking. What is the reason? Generally speaking, people smoke mainly for three reasons. Some smoke out of curiosity, some thinks smoking adds to their attraction, and still some smoke to get rid of some negative moods. People usually smoke when they are appointed to accomplish a difficult task thus they are under great pressure, or when something miserable happened to them, such as breaking up with gf or bf, being scolded, being wronged. With more people dying of smoking, people pay great attention to it. Now smoking is banned in nearly all the public places, such as restaurants, buses, cinemas. Many a smoker tries to drop smoking and there has been social atmosphere of no smoking, which will absolutely help a lot in the final forbidding of smoking. However, there are still people smoking in public places regardless of the signs writing no smoking. On my way home in the winter holiday, someone smoked in the air conditioned train, annoying many people. While scolded by people, he stopped quickly before making more people uncomfortable. To solve these things, we have to announce the aftermath of smoking to more people and finally with the efforts of all human beings, smoking can be totally banned in public places.Smoking in public shall be absolutely forbidden. Smoking being very bad for human being's health is nearly known as a truth. All of the smokers know it as well. They could hardly get rid of it just because they are used to it. For this, many products had been produced to help smokers to get rid of smoking. But still there are large quantities of smokers. I have been suffering for second smoking for long. My father is a solid smoker. He smoked before I was born. Now it is thirty years for his smoking age. When I was in the army, I bought him two sets of product to help him get rid of smoking. But it failed. So we can see how difficult it is to get rid of it. If we got the habit of smoking for the public smoking, what an awful thing it will be! Beside this, smoking could also lead to fire. Lots of examples told us that smoking in public is a serious reason for public fire. It may cause a great loss of public possession. For example, the big fire in the International Hotel in HaErBin, October Nineteen of 1985, which was caused by smoking, led to the death of ten person. Let alone the forest fire. All in all, smoking in public shall be forbidden absolutely.It's a very common topic that should we ban smoking at all the restaurant in the country. There are many answers for every one may have different understanding of smoking. In my point of view, we should not smoke not only in all restaurants, but also in all public places. The most important thing is that smoking is harmful to health. According to some research done by many scientists, smoking can lead to many pulmonary diseases, the most terrible thing of which is lung cancer. Smoking also increases the possibilities of developing heart disease, especially for women smokers. The damage can also affect baby's health through mother. And when a person is smoking, that doesn't mean that only he is smoking, people around him is obliged to smoke, too. It equals to damage other people's life in invisible way. That's unfair to these people who don't smoke. Here are some cases in our life. If we go to a restaurant for dinner, do you want your great meal disturbed by the unpleasant smoke. When you are we are waiting for the bus, a man site beside you smoke constantly just to get over his boring time. So what do the smoker would think if they exchange their roles? To make it a better world, we should learn to respect other people's feelings. It's necessary to ban smoking in restaurant.