Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? Yes, it should. Some smokers may feel that their freedom of smoking is limited, but smoking in public places especially in restaurants may give rise to some problems. It is widely accepted that smoking does harm to our health. Smoking can increase the possibility of catching some cancers. According to some international surveys, the number of people who died of cancers related to smoking is increasing rapidly over the years. What's more, smoking influences not only the health of smokers, but also the second hand smokers'. The ban on smoking at all the restaurants can certainly reduce the effect of second hand smoking. In this way, it is a quite reasonable rule that all the customers should obey. To ban smoking in restaurants can also help educate the teenagers. As we all know, the number of teenagers who smoke is rising rapidly. Instead of telling the children that it is not a good habit to smoke, the non smoking signs in the restaurants can lead the children to recognize the dangers more easily. Of course, it is of great significance for a successful restaurant to keep a clean and comfortable atmosphere. The customers may feel uncomfortable and uneasy when exposed to the smoke in the restaurants. How can a restaurant provide a satisfactory service to its customers when the customers feel a sense of not being at home? After all, restaurants are public places to eat and enjoy ourselves, the smoke can easily affect the quality of a restaurants' service. Given these reasons, we can now draw a conclusion that the ban on smoking at all the restaurants is reasonable and necessary.


Whether smoking should be banned at all restaurants has become a controversial issue, arousing great public concern. Personally, I think it is an important behavior to ban smoke at restaurant and we should not allow this condition in the restaurant any more. First and foremost, there's no denying that smoking does harm to the smokers and in the meantime to others. Although those people have been addicted to smoking, they are supposed to pay more attention to the others' health in public. Moreover, it is common believed that smoking destroy the elegant atmosphere at the restaurant. Non  smokers don't want to get harmed by the cigarette smoke in the restaurants. They come to the restaurants for a happy meal. Therefore, I suggest that the government should create a place especially for the smokers and the problem will be solved gradually. Last but not least, educated as most Chinese people are, it is crucial for us to behave formally and gently in public. In summary, taking many factors into consideration, I hope that this phenomenon will disappear after so many people's combat. Besides, our government had better take actions to protect the environment at restaurant and solve the problem as soon as possible.


With more importance being attach to health, people begin to search for different ways to stay healthy. Of course the stress from people's daily life is more and more. So, the number of people who smoke is increasing. But, there is a problem wheather Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my view, it is needed. First, smoking causes many deaths of lung cancers. Second hand smoke affects pregnant women, children and elderly people more. Smoking is also bad examples fro teens and young adults shows that is okay to smoke. Smoking should be banned in restaurant. Then, regardless if there is a Non smoking section and a smoking section, this does nothing. The smoke still spreads throughout the restaurant. Some people are sensitive to cigarette smoke. Also smoking just doesn't cause damage to others peoples health but it is smelly. People who are non smokers do not want to smell like smoke. So, this action must be acted. A non smoking person should be able to sit down in a restaurant and not inhale unhealthful smoke while they eat. If they want to smoke they can go outside or if the restaurant is smart enough they would create a whole new room separate from NON smokers. As far as I am concerned, it is necessary that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with the point. Nowadays, there is a hot discussion about whether smoking should be banned all the restaurants. People who smoke argue that it takes away their freedom. However nonsmokers advocate it is a good rule. From my perspective, I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Firstly, smoking which will bring many diseases does harm to our health. Besides, smoking gives much gas off into air, which pollutes our environment. What' more, many people cannot put up with the smoking gas, which makes them sick. It is not surprising that smoking banned in all restaurants will promote workers efficiency. Therefore, it is very important and necessary to us to ban smoking in all restaurants. If one wants to smoke, he can smoking in private. My suggestion is that they should give up smoking. It is beneficial to both our health and environment. Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Only in this way can we breathe more flesh air in the future!Today more and more people all over the world want to give up smoking. If you're not a smoker, don't start. In fact, smoking is a bad habit, which has great harm to people's health.


Should smoking be banned at all the restaurants? About this, different people hold different views. Some people agree and some people don't agree with it. In my opinion, I agree with it, that is, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. There have been a large number of smokers. Many people have the habit of smoking. What's more, some of them are addicted to it. They can't live without it. So they will also smoke at public places such as restaurants. But nonsmokers hate it, they hate to smell it. They even complain that they inhale the second hand smoke in restaurants that would greatly harm to their health. Therefore, it is really harmful to people in the restaurant. It will also affect people's appetite. I hate them who smoke at the restaurant. Firstly it does harm to everyone. Secondly, I think it is an irresponsible behavior. Last but not least, it can pollute the clean air. Nowadays, more and more people come to know that smoking is bad for people's health. It can lead to lung cancer, and heart problem. Smokers also decide to give up smoking. Some of them also think that the law to ban people smoking can encourage them to give up smoking. Above all, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants.


Smoking has been a serious problem for too long a period. In the whole countries, measures have been carried to prohibit smoking in many public places, such as restaurants. As far as I'm concerned, I'm definitely in favor of this rule. What has been taken into consideration in this rule is first and foremost the health of people. Smoking has been criticized for decades. As is so often pointed out, smoking for a long time is likely to resulted in lung cancer. However, there are certain quantities of people who just cannot give up the "terrific" feeling of taking a cigarette, even though they are clearly aware that they are risking their health. It's not other people's business if they only smoke alone, but when they're smoking in public places, especially restaurants, more concerns should be taken in. Numerous statistic shows that "second hand" smoking is more harmful than smoking directly. Therefore, when a person is enjoying his cigarette in restaurants, where people may not able to stay away the smoking immediately, s/he is putting the people around her/him into danger, including those who never lay their hands on the cigarette. So, it is reasonable to ban this behavior which is in no regard of other people. In the second place, the smog and smell produced by the cigarette may make people feel uncomfortable. Usually, a popular restaurant is crowded with people, which has already declined the quality of the atmosphere in these places. If the smog given out by cigarettes adds to it, many people can barely step enjoy their dishes. Besides, the smell is also not pleasant to those who don't smoke at all. Take myself as an example, I can't help sneezing even by a slight smell of the burning cigarette. It's definitely a catastrophe to me if I have to put up with the smog during my dinner. In conclusion, I'm fully convinced that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the countries.


Despite of the fact that smoking does harm to health, as is known by almost everyone, there are still many people keep smoking everyday. They often light a cigratte at any place they like, especially in public situation, such as restaurants and so on. I feel really uncomfortable while a person is smoking close to me. Accordingly, I suggest that smoking should be mainly banned at all restaurants in the country. The reasons are as follows. First of all, as is mentioned above, smoking is really harmful to smokers' health and people around them as well. A number of research reports indicate that a heavy smoking is likely to lead to a lung cancer which is a deadly disease for human beings. Banning them smoking at restaurants is an effective way to control their smoking more or less. What's more, if there is no one smoking at restaurants, other customers can enjoy a meal with pleasure in a comfortable environment. In this way, customers may feel relaxed and have a good appetite, which will stimulate the income of restaurants. Neverthless, if some smokers can't bear this rule, we can set up a smoking room for them to smoke. This room must be sealed in case other customers will be troubled by it. These are my general ideas of banning smoking at all restaurants in the country. I can draw a safe conclusion that this decision will bring us more good than harm, so we can appeal to our friends to support it.


It is universally considered that smoking does much damage to human health and passive smoking causes even more serious effects to the people around. According to statistics showed by newspaper, about five percent death is related to passive smoking. Due to the terrible effects of public smoking, I hold the opinion that smoking should be banned in any public restaurants across the country. By doing so, one of the most important favorable effects is that diseases related to smoking can be cut down significantly such as lung cancer. The ban contributes a lot in creating a healthy dining environment for people who frequently eat outside, which takes a large proportion of the whole population. Secondly, prohibiting smoking in some public areas contributes greatly to the development of social culture and ideology. Like drunken driving, which poses threaten to citizens' safety, smoking in public does harm to others' health. Such behavior is against our goal of establishing a harmony society. In addition, the forceful act of complete banning raises the awareness of the harm of smoking among the general public. More and more smokers will gradually get rid of this bad habit for the interest of their own health. To conclude, it is high time for us to take strong measures to put an end to this smoking era and a complete legal system on the smoking issue is necessary for the final settlement of the social problem.


 The manners in public are a good way to show the quality of people in a country; hence, smoking, which is of bad influence for the environment and health, should be completely banned at all restaurants to keep good manners. Smoking does a great damage in the health of the smokers and people around him; for example, the second hand smoke will greatly influence the consumers during having dinner. And also, a place which is full of smoke would damage the dinner atmosphere, and have a bad effect on the consumers' feeling. So from the both sides of the consumers and restaurant, the smoking should be completely banned. Besides, as we all know, the behaviors in public decide the quality of people in the country. If smoking isn't banned at the restaurant, the image and quality of Chinese will be misunderstood. Our country is becoming stronger and more powerful these years, and also the quality of people should be improved by the efforts by all of us. However, the government and restaurants should also learn some experience from 2010 Shanghai EXPO. We can build some place for smoking, or just set a room for the smokers, which is also a concern for them. So smoking should be banned, and we should also spare some room for the smokers.


Smoking is widely believed to be a bad habit which will have impact on both the smoker and the people around. In restaurants where people come to relax and refresh, smoking, the selfish behavior that ruins people's appetite, brings health concern and shows disrespect, should be completely banned. Smoking should be banned in restaurants since it ruins people's appetite. Scientific researches show that when people say they love a dish, 70% of their joy comes from the smell of the dish in stead of the taste of the dish, which means although the food in a restaurant tastes extremely good, the smell of cigarettes can easily mix the smell up and ruin people's appetite. Smoking also brings health concern which is why it should be banned in restaurants. People are all aware of the danger that smoking may bring. However, the danger of second hand smoke is even worse. Smoking in restaurants is forcing so many people around to take in the second hand smoke which may trigger public health issues. It is not one person the smoker has influenced but close to a hundred. For the health concern, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants. Finally, smoking in restaurants is disrespectful. In a restaurant, when a smoker is talking to his company with a cigarette in the hand, his is likely to puff the smoke right in front of his company's face. More than that, the smoke would rise and go anywhere without permission. Also, smoking in restaurants is an insult to the chef meaning your food can't satisfy me and cigarettes can. Smoking in restaurants is totally inappropriate and easily affects many people. This behavior should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


 Smoking is a serious social problem in modern times. And it has been a widespread habit all over the world. It's a very serious problem because not only the old, the youth, but also middle school students have been engaged in smoking. A large amount of people, you know, die from smoking each year. Therefore, smoking is forbidden in some countries. However, some critics hold that it is not that necessary. They suggest it be allowed to smoke in public places. But in my opinion, smoking should be forbidden. As is known to all, smoking is greatly harmful to people's health, which, as several researches conducted in many countries has indicated, may cause lung cancer, heart disease and various respiratory illness. In the cigarettes hide something dangerous. Meanwhile, not only will smoking damage the health of the one who is smoking, but it will also do harm to other people around even further. Besides, forbidding smoking in public will give us back much fresher air. Meanwhile, smoking is totally a waste of money. In addition, careless smokers may cause dangerous fire, which will be a great problem to the society. To conclude, smoking is quite necessary to forbid in public.


Some people maintain that smoking should be completely banned in the restraunt. I n their opinions, smoking is harmful not only to the smokers but also to the people around. Moreover, smoking is a waste of money. When one smokes a cigarette, he/she is actually burning money. Other people do not agree. They believe that smoking helps to sharpen one's mind and make them feel happy after a fine meal. Also the government gets a lot of money from cigarette taxes and also charge a lot for those who smoke in the restraunt. In my view, everyone has the right to choose his/her own way of life, but one does not have the right to impose his/her way of life on other people. So smoking in public places should be banned especially in the hotels and restraunt. If you wanna smoke in your own home, fine. If you live with someone who doesn't smoke you should have consideration for them though seeing as how second hand smoke is more dangerous than actually smoking. If someone decided to open up a place that was strictly no smoking   but said place had many other places around where you could smoke that were just like this place. Smokers are a minority and the way I see a lot of things go is that so long as they are not getting screwed, the ruling majority [in this case, non smokers] are gonna screw you over. Now, smoking and non smoking sections are good for a person like me   who doesn't have the greatest health   but what's the point of smoking while eating anyway?


For long has smoking been a disputable social problem, and I think it's high time that we draw a conclusion and take action towards it. I agree to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country for the following reasons. First, smoking has nowadays become one of the most serious pollutions. In China, about 3/4 of population is found out to be the victim of second hand smoke. And when we find out that the rest 1/4 is who that smokes, we have to acknowledge the dangerous situation we are faced with, that is, there is the toxic gas form cigarettes in every home. Can we just stand here and see this going on? No! Second, public places can be easily polluted by smoke. So it's reasonable that we first take step to protect these places form smoke. We eat in restaurant everyday, and we definitely don't want the disgusting smoke to ruin our appetite while enjoying the delicious food. Think about it, you step into a restaurant and expect to enjoy a good meal but only to find the whole room filled with smokes, what a bad day! Last but not least, kids are most easily to be harmed by smokes. Will you want you child to be exposed to the toxic gases? So let's take action and make our world a better place!


