Nowadays, there are many college students who take part in the part time jobs. Some people think that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. To me, it is not a good idea. To have a part time job is not as important as to make a great achievement in study. Having a part time job means that you don't have enough time to study. As a result of this, the quality of education will decline and many students cannot process enough professional knowledge suitable for future work. Meanwhile, many students can earn extra money from their part time job. Therefore, they have gotten into a habit that spends their money unreasonably. Since they have worked hard for their money, they think they deserve a luxury life instead of studying after working for a whole day. How can a tired student study hard in his or her lessons?In a word, the disadvantages of having a part time job for a college student outweigh the advantages of it. We can't only focus on the working experience of a student. Instead, the knowledge in the professional field is more important when we are still students. So we should try to pay more attention to our study now rather than do some part time jobs.


Whether college students should take part time jobs has aroused great public concern. As far as I'm concerned, part time job plays an increasing important role in college life and I'm for the idea. Nevertheless, several people argue that it is a waste of time to take a part time job and obviously, college students ought to put more emphasis on their study. In addition, part time job not only takes up much of their free time but also means little to them. On the contrary, others think that it is acceptable, reasonable, and beneficial to take a part time job. The reasons are as follows. First of all, it is undeniable that college students can accumulate certain experience through part time jobs. Then, as a result of doing part time jobs, we can earn some pocket money in order to reduce parents' burden. What's more, admittedly, if you do some more work at your free time, you will find life is not so dull and you can do something meaningful to enjoy your college life. In a word, from my perspective, part time job, to some extent, is indispensable to our college life. Regardless of other people's ideas, I support my own opinion and I think it is essential for college students to take part time job.


The previous arguments always focus on the necessity of college students having a part time job. With people's more and more awareness of the benefits of having a part time job, they all support their children to have one in their universities. In today's society, however, a part time job is becoming necessary in a college school student's life. Money is needed now more than ever. A number of teenagers are entering the workforce. The modern times in which we live accommodate the need for teenagers to have their own source of income. A part time job not only enables students to promote their abilities, but also help them apply their knowledge to practice. Furthermore, students who have part time jobs can relieve that the economic burdens of their parents. Your studies should remain your main focus, but if you have the chance to earn some money and gain experience while you're in school. In my opinion, students can choose to take up a part time job according to their own situation. The most important thing for them is to keep a good balance between part time jobs and his study. Taking advantage of a part time job in the college does practice yourself. So I think it is important for college students to have a part time job if they do it properly.


Today an increasing number of college students take part time jobs. Have you ever taken a part time job?There are many advantages for us to take part time jobs. Firstly, part time jobs help us keep up with the outside world. They can gain working experience and become more independent. Besides, it's a good chance for us to put what we have learned at college into practice. Through part time jobs, we can prepare ourselves for our future jobs. What's more, we can make money to pay for everything we want. On the other hand, it can release our family financial burden. However, there also are many disadvantages. If we take part time jobs, it is likely for us to distract from our studying. We may spend too much time and energy. For example, we may lose time needed for sleep, rest, study, club activities and recreation. So that it is harmful to our health. In my opinion, as a college student we should take the right attitude to part time jobs. Although, part time jobs can open us a window to know about the society, we must keep a balance between the job and the study! However, I think I should pay more attention to school study.


Nowadays, more and more college student took part time jobs in their spare time as salesmen, waiters or shop assistants. They are engaged in part time jobs because they want to earn some tuition to help their family in the meantime to have work experiences. People wonder whether it is good for students to do so. Some people are afraid that taking a part time job will spend their too much time. It will influence their study. Some people disagree with them, they think it will be a good way to make young students know that how hard to earn the money and get the experience from it. To have a part time job becomes a hot topic, today. In my view, I agree with the latter, firstly, students can earn some money from the part time jobs to help their family. Second, we can learn a lot from it, and get the chance to show how much we have learned from the school. Last but not least, a part time job can train our ability of working, cooperation and getting along with others. In the word, get a part time job is not only good for earn money but also in study and ability! So if you have chance, try to get a part time job.


Nowadays, there's a growing trend for college students to have a part time job, such as tutors, waitress, teacher assistants, etc. Some people think it is good for students to have some practical experiences through a part time job, while others argue it's purely waste of time. However, the question whether it is important for college students to have a part time job is quite controversial, at least to me. There are certain advantages for a part time job. As is so often been emphasized, practical experience should be applied to theoretical knowledge we've learned on the class. Having a part time is an ideal method to increase one's practical skills and expand social network during the college. Besides, a part time job can be a stimulus for students to study harder. Through working, one may find what he lacks when comparing to a experienced employee. Thus, in order to have a better career after graduation, he may have a solitude goal to his study and achieve greater progress. Moreover, students who have a part time job may become independent earlier than those who don't, for they may obtain a clear view of money through earning it by their own. But the disadvantages should not be neglected. Having a part time job may occupy too much time, which leaves little for one to do his study. Instead of acting as a stimulus, in this case the part time job becomes a obstacle. Such cases should be taken into consideration since it happens all the time when there's a big project in the work for you to conduct. The lack of the ability of time management can make the situation even worse. In conclusion, whether a part time job is important to a student depend on the attribution of the job as well as the ability of the student. There's no easy way to answer the question


Nowadays, more and more students tend to have a part time job in their leisure time so that they can earn some pocket money by themselves. Different people have various opinions on this issue. Some people think that it is a golden chance for college students to practise themselves, while others believe that it is a waste of time to do a part time job. As for me, I feel that a part time job does more good than harm. Generally speaking, it's important for college students to have a part job. To begin with, a part time job will bring more social experience. Those who have a part time job are more likely to get in touch with various people in society. They can learn how to get along with different people and solve a problem in a short time. It's not hard for us to find that the students with a part time job are more active and efficient in both study and work. In addition, a part time job will show them the significance of cooperation. On condition that they would liketo do a job, they must talk to their workmates and cooperate with them. And their habit of cooperation will play an important role in teamwork on campus. However, on the other hand, if one spends so much time on a part time job that it affects his study. Then he should decrease the time on it or give it up, for our main duty is to study well, not to earn money at present. In one word, a part time job is really beneficial to us, let's take an active part in it!


Personally, I believe a part time job is necessary and enormously helpful for college students, especially for junior or senior students. At least, by undertaking a part time job, we can gain three major advantages. First and foremost, through certain kind of part time jobs, our knowledge fields are extended and horizons are broadened. For instance, a student major in engineering works as a marketing intern during his vacation to gain more knowledge on business management. Such practice is of much significance to the overall development of a future talent. Secondly, the experience of internship helps students a lot in dealing with various cases and communicating with people from all areas. Staying at school, we students contacts frequently with our fellow students and professors, but they are only a small part of the whole society. By going out of the school and locating ourselves at a complex enterprise, we are urged to meet and approach with our supervisor and boss, who are usually successful and complicated in their own field. They can be good mentors of our future career development. In addition, by working part timely, students can earn some money, which alleviates the financial burden of their family. For college students, they are mature enough to be financial independent. To sum up, taking a part time job benefits students on many levels and it must be a good choice for us when arranging for our holiday schedule.


Just as an old saying goes, one coin has two sides, part time job can bring us some convenient, money, expand our social experience, but can also waste our time, scatter our concentration, and may eventually influence our grades in the university. For me, I think the bad influence of part time job overweighs more than the advantages, and it's not necessary for college students to have a part time job. Part time job wastes our academic and free time. University is a place to study the latest knowledge, try to get involved in many fields, such as some other course besides our own major. However, part time job would take up most of the time; and if we cannot use the time in our university more efficiently, we would lose the time to improve ourselves both physically and emotionally. There are some other ways to make money and fulfill our social experience, except for part time job. For the students in great need of money to get through the university, part time job isn't the only method. We can ask for some fund and scholars from our school, also we can be a TA. So we can use some academic ways to make money. Besides, internship is a better way to get social experience. Also, part time job would scatter our focus on the campus life. For example, if we get a part time job as a tutor for high school students, we must have to prepare the classes, get to the classroom or the students' house. And all the things will bother us and break the peaceful campus life. To sum up, part time job isn't important and necessary for college students. What we have done in our university will decide the way of our whole life, and obviously we should make better use of the period.


The desire of supporting oneself is luring more and more college students to take part time jobs out of school, which has gradually become a fashion throughout campus. Young people at this age have the needs of proving that they are mature enough and can live on their own. However, when more college students are stepping out of the campus looking for real life, they don't realize that the temptations outside, the damage to their imagination and the time and energy they have devoted may actually jeopardize their mind. One of the disadvantages of taking part time jobs in college years is that students may be tempted by the material world. Different from campus life where everyone is the same, people are divided into different levels in real world. College students, being some what ego and ambitious, would soon be tempted by power and social status and forget that they are still students. Also, beautiful clothes, delicious food and luxurious cars can easily attract students' attention and lead them to chase after materials. One possible result is that students won't be able to sit in the classroom and focus on their subjects any more not to say spending years doing their researches. Also, taking part time jobs would form students into being realistic and take away students' imagination. While college students are dreaming of developing new technology and changing the world, business people in the society are caring about how many profits they can make out of the investment. Students having experienced the real world tend to consider so much more than others, including money, advertising and possibility, etc. Gradually, their imaginations would be damaged. Then, we only have a bunch of engineers in stead of scientists. After all, students' priority is studying. Since taking part time job may mess with students' mind, ruin students' imagination and take out students' time and energy, students should not take the risk. Jobs will always be there. College students do not need to be in a hurry.


 Nowadays, more and more college students would like to do some part time jobs, the majority of whom tend to be tutors. And several of them prefer to hand out leaflets for kinds of newspaper or magazines. Is this right? For one thing, we students can certainly make money in this method, so that we can relieve our parents' burden. What's more, you know, we will achieve more experience by doing part time jobs, which, of course, will temper ourselves and make us more mature. Every coin has two sides. As is known to all, university is a place where we acquire knowledge as much as we can, while people can hardly finish doing many things perfectly in the same time. That is to say, the more time we use in doing part time jobs, the less we use in studying. It will cause a negative influence in our study. All in all, as far as I am concerned, we should make a balance between part time job and study. If you really need to do some part time jobs, please keep the follow tips in mind. College study should be ranged in the first place. There is no excuse that we get a bad score.


 It is my firm belief that it is important and critical for university students to do part time jobs. A popular criticism of school is that they are ivory towers or places where study and research are divorced from the real world. A part time job related to their major gives students an exciting chance to apply the theories they have learned in school. Chemistry is a notoriously abstract, boring, difficult subject. When a student takes a part time job in a medical research lab, however, he/she might discover how important studying Chemistry is for saving people's lives. This student might then return to his/her Chemistry studies with renewed vigor. Part time jobs also help students strengthen their resumes, build important contacts with companies, and familiarize them with the contemporary state of their respective fields. No matter how hard they try, Computer science textbook publishers cannot keep up with the rapid development of new computer hardware, software, and programming languages. C. S. student who wish to maintain a competitive edge in the job market should find part time positions where they can learn state of the art techniques. After they graduate from college, they might then return to their part time employer to look for a full time position, or approach other employers with good references and cutting edge work experience. Finally, the feeling of success that comes from holding a part time job can build students' confidence. Knowing that they can do a job well and be paid for it is an important character building experience that many students put off for too long. Learning to manage the money that they make will be a critical part of their future lives. If they make mistakes handling their money in college, the results will probably not be disastrous, but will teach them valuable lessons that they will be sure to remember in the future, when they will be truly independent.


In general, I think it's not necessary for students to get a part time job. In this case, I mean it by the jobs that has nothing to do with his/her major like a waiter or dish washer in the restaurant. There follows several reasons that support my argument. Time is precious for students, especially for students who study in the university. You know, for most people, they only get one chance studying in college, so it's obvious that we should make use of every second for meaningful things, like learning knowledge, acquiring practical skills. However, doing part time job teaches us nothing. We are just trading our precious time for pocket money, which proves to be unworthy. Secondly, nowadays, most families have got financially prepared for the educational costs. So, most of us needn't struggle in the part time job to earn our tuition. Besides, even if someone's family can't afford his college tuition, there is still the college student financial aid system available. As we know, every college in PRC offers educational loan to student that is financially challenged. With this fund, they can successfully finish their study. And students can return the money after they get a real job. According to the reasons above, we hold the belief that, part time job is just optional for us. If we have got time, it would be wiser of us to learn something meaningful.


