Society has more and more challenges for college students. So it is important for us to have much experience. In our country there are plenty of college students undertaking a part time job or even more than one part time job. It's quite common to see students to be busy after classes. But why is it important for us to get these? First, I think part time jobs are a good way to count our thumbs. College isn't as busy as high school. When we finish our study, so much time is waste for playing computer games or doing other boring things. If a part time job belongs to us, we will try our best to do it. After all, that's a way to show the ability we have. Second, part time jobs can help us knowing more people. Colleges just have students and teachers. But society has quite different people. They do all kinds of work, and experience interesting things you have never heard. Through your part time job you could get good interpersonal relationship. After you graduated, you will go to society. When you need help, these people can give it to you. Finally, it is the most important one. The key point is you can get the experience the book can't teach you. Practice is the way which could check the truth. If you only can talk about how to do it, no one will believe you. You have to study what should you do. And part time jobs would let you knowing those. So college students' having a part time job is necessary and important.


Nowadays, college education has attracted the attention of society. What should the college education be? What ought college students to learn? The most common argument is whether college students should take a part time job. In my opinion, having a part time job is vital for students. As we all know, students have a lot of free time to manage, so it is very convenient for students to take a part time job. In the future, we must step into the society and face a variety of difficulties, having a job can help us gain the life experience, what's more, we can meet all walks of people and learn to know how to cope with complex relationships between us and colleagues. Else, we can make our own money and we may realize it is hard for parents to earn money. But it also has unfavorable aspect. The main task for students is study, having a job may possess most of the free time and may affect students' daily life. Taking a part time job is not a bad thing as long as we do not overstate it but stick to reality and personality. I think if we can manage our time precisely to take a job, we will be sure to get lots of benefits and get more chances to be distinguished in the future.


As a college student, we aren't very busy so that we can spend a lot of time in doing the things we like. Some students do sports, such as playing football, running. Some students play computer games, such as dota, dnf. Some students read books, such as novels, poetry. What I think the most important thing we should do in the free time is doing a part time job. College is an important place connecting school and society. We do not only learn knowledge here, but also learn experience which we can't learn from class. So having a part time job can solve this problem. In fact, a part time job can make our college life substantially. From the part time job, we can learn how to deal with work problem, how to work with others. We can also develop good habit. What is the most important; we can understand how hard the making money is, so that we can make a good preparation for the later life. College life is colorful, so we don't need to study too hard as senior high school. We should learn to allocate our time and know what we really need. Having a part time job is important to us; it's not only an opportunity, but also a challenge.


If you resolve to have a part time job, what are the purposes? Is it for the money, or is it for the experiences and the learning in the process that lures your to take one?As we know, most of us have to step into the society after graduation, and the society which will confront us is quite different from the campus life we are used to lining in. So, if money is your solitary goal and your cannot be distracted by the expand of your circle, the acquisition of the communication skills. I suggest you'd better concentrate on your study and do not bother to think of a part time job. For the simple reason, that high marks can get you a better job. But if you come to a part time job for more, you can face advantage of all that it has to offer. In the change of an excellent university student to a new employee, you may get scorn and criticism often. which will have your reflect on yourself and define who you are. Taking a part time job will give you a glimpse of the real world and make you well prepared for the future. By observing the society first hand, you learn a lot outside the book. So you can see my opinions quite clear now. Put away the money you can get let yourself develop quickly in your part time job experience!


Nowadays, quite a number of college students are taking part time jobs. But is it necessary for them to do so? In my opinion, the answer can be various, depending on the students themselves. Undoubtedly, taking a part time job is a special experience which provides youths with the chance to get close to society as well as to gain more practical skills. In the process, the students learn how to communicate with different kinds of people and how to deal with challenging situations. Besides, the money they get from the job will certainly reduce the burden of their parents more or less. However, it can't be ignored that some students fail more important things in order to take part time jobs. They spend time which should be for learning to work, thus leading to decline of grades. But the fact is that the first thing for students is still study. Also, some young people fail to spend their money reasonably. Instead, they fall into the habit of wasting money. So, it can be concluded that taking a part time job is rewarding and eye opening for those who have good self regulation but it may have some side effects if the student doesn't have a good plan. In common with many things, part time job is a double edged sword. If you want to take it, do be careful.


Nowadays many people hold a pessimistic attitude towards college students' behavior, having part time jobs. Whereas, as for me, it is important for college students to have part time jobs. First and foremost, it is a perfect oppotunity for experence lacked college students to practice themselves. Part time jobs open a new door for innocent students to touch and learn to adapt to the complex society, which can broaden their horizens and strengthen their abilities. Secondly, taking part time jobs is also an approach to relaxing. As we know, all work and no play make Jack a dull boy. Then getting along with various kinds of people and working in a group bring a fresh feeling during part time jobs. Last but not least, college students can also earn money via part time jobs, which can help to support their life and realize the hardship behind every coin. As to those excuses for denying part time jobs, it is a waste of time and has a bad impact on study. I don't think they are according. As mentioned above, taking part time jobs is meaningful, which not only strengthen themselves, but also make them mature enough to set foot in the society. As to study, what is known to all is that appropriate practice contributes to study by combining the theory to practice. All in all, taking part time jobs should be encouraged among college students.


Nowadays, as most college students have no considerable social experience, what they have learned and what they are going to learn seem to become alienated from reality. Thus, having a part time job for college students has aroused widely attention. And we do should attach more importance to the part time jobs. College students can benefit a lot from the part time job. To begin with, we can earn some money in order to lighten our parents' financial load. As we all known, the college tuition is not a small sum of money. Some students pay a lot for it, only to learn little knowledge in their college lives. Beyond that, it is also a heavy burden, especially for a less well off family. Besides, in the course of the job, we have to cope with the mixed people and say various words. Obviously, it is a great opportunity for us to gather experience, and learn the interpersonal skills. And what we learn in the part time job is for the future development of excellence. Last but not the least, we can adjust ourselves to the society in advance. When we entre society, there are many objective factors you can never change or foresee. That is to say, what we learn in the college is theoretical, and it's not enough for us to face all kinds of situations. It is because of the part time job that we learn to combine theory with practice. Apparently, we can draw the conclusion that it is important for college students to have part time jobs.


There is a controversial debate on part time jobs, including whether we should take a part time job and how much time we should spend on a part time job. It is natural that people from different backgrounds hold divergent attitudes towards the issue. People in favor of having a part time job claims that a part time job can release their financial burdens. It is common for a young man to bear a loan from the bank for some reason and support his family or himself. So a part time job even may entertain the person as well as bring in money, if the job is just his or her interest. In this way, people will make full use of our lifetime and be energetic all the time. While people who hold the opposite opinion argue that a part time job will take on a big share of our attention and may lead you to a poor health. You cannot focus your full attention on your main work. And that is why part time jobs are banned in lots of companies. For my part, I would side with the first point of view. Part time jobs do will fulfill our spare time when we have the passion to do something interesting and attracting. So seek a part time job, and be rich both in wealth and spirit.


Part time jobs are not unfamiliar to college students. Actually, many college students have part time jobs or have ever done some part time jobs. It is very important for college students to have part time jobs from many aspects. As you know, most of our college students have already been over eighteen years old, and that is to say, we have been adults. So we should try our best to be independent, and not just depend on our parents. The best way to independent is to make money by ourselves. At the same time, we can also make some money to buy something we want and do something we want to do, such as have a travel, attend some clubs and so on. Besides, part time jobs can develop our abilities and make a good foundation for our future jobs. It is known to us all that experience is very important for applying for a job. Furthermore, it can help us know more about the society and let us know what kinds of person is the society to need. Only in this way, can we make a good decision and a good choice for our future. In a word, part time jobs are so important for our college students that every one of us should try our best to do some part time jobs. It will make a good help for our present life and our future.


Part time job is a job outside a class of college. If we have a part time job, we have a lot of experience. We learn to arrange the time. We learn to arrange the money. And we learn to do job in group of office we work it. Work it's not easy right. It's not simple like have a class in university. You may do the job with a costumer's taste. For example, you take a part time job like a freelance photographer. In that part time job, you may have a customer right. And then you may have a portfolios to prove a customer if you the real photographer and can do the job in good condition and good picture. If you have a good management, you can have a lot of money from your part time job. In the other hand, some parent  do not want or disagree a college student to have a part time job. Because, they think that the student have a job, they may go lazy to get a class in university. But, the condition is back again in that student. They must be can arrange the time.


Nowadays, more and more college students are taking part time jobs. Different people have different views on it: some think it is very useful and valuable for college students to have part time jobs, others insist that part time jobs are waste of time and bring more disadvantages than advantages to college students. In my opinion, everything divides into two, despite the problems that part time job will bring to college students, it remains very important for us to have part time jobs. The reasons for this are as follows:Firstly, part time jobs provide opportunities for college students to connect with society. They will know the latest news and hot topics in talent market and be well prepared for the future career. For example, if a college student works as an office clerk, he will know more about how to behave and what to do when they are facing a complicated situation in the work. Secondly, part time job will bring some money to college students in return. As it is known to us, college tuition is not so low that every student can afford it. Part time job's wages can save for the expense and reduce the financial burden on their parents. Last but not least, part time job can develop the college students' sense of independence. At present, most Chinese families have only one child. The parents love their children and also spoil them. Many college students are single children. They are too dependent on their parents and their teachers and don't know how to live by themselves. Part time job give them the chance to become independent. In a word, part time job do a lot of good to college students and I support it!


If someone has plenty of time after his or her work, he or she can pick up a job, so it is called part time job. Some people think that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. While others don't agree with it because they think part time job takes too much time. I agree with the point of the former opinion. Part time job has a lot of benefits. First, it can prevent one from wasting time and can help him get some pocket money. Then part time job can enrich one's experience and widen one's horizon. Sometimes, a part time job can bring you something special like love and life long friendship. Also, there are some disadvantages of part time job. For example, it may take up one's whole part time and he may have no time to rest himself. And it can also bring us a lot of pressure as we have the responsibility to do the job well. However, part time job is only part time job. We can choose whether to do it or not depending on our own conditions. But part time job is definitely a good chance to challenge ourselves and earn some pocket money. So if you can keep the balance between study and part time job, you can have a try.


According to my personal experience, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Viewing from the social phenomenon, this can provide a smooth stage for students to get involved in social life when they graduate from the college. Significant reasons are as follows:First, we need to shape ourselves into competent men. After we step into the real social life, we must content with many people. By having a part time job may enhance our ability in competition. Second, taking a part time job can impart the hard side of life to us; we could learn the difficulties in making a live. At the same time, we could catch up with the capacity in dominating the work and study reasonably. Last but not least. Of course, we can earn some pocket money to buy things we like and reduce some family burden. A little income may encourage us to fight for our future. Everyone is ambitious of success in life. Based on the several reasons I have addressed, there is no doubt that it is important to have part time jobs. This can be obviously an essential element for students to get used to future life and be well prepared.


When I enter the university, I find that having a part time job became popular among the college students. Why most college students eager to find a part time jobs? However, I suppose the students who find the part time jobs and I have my own opinion about this. Firstly, doing part time job can provide us an opportunity to learn the skills which cannot learn from the school. If we have a part time job, such as being a waiter in a restaurant or a shop assistant, we may have more chances to learn how to get on well with the guests and it also provide us the experience which may help us after we graduate from school. Secondly, as we spend time on part time job, it can force us to scheme our time table well. As we known, many college students think college life is very boring because they have fewer classes than before. If we have a part time job, we will never feel boring for we should do the part job. Thirdly, having part time job can develop students' independence. When we earn our wage, we can release our parents' financial pressure. In summary, I trust that having a part time job can make our college life more colorful and we should cherish the chance to have a part time job.


College life is full of colorful activities. There are many alternative choices for college student to arrange their schedule. Though studying is still one of our necessary assignments, most college students hold the point of view that it is also important for them to take a part time job. As a saying goes Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth. College is thought to be a bridge combines the school with society. We are facing to work after our graduation. First of all, we may learn much more knowledge and accumulate social experience from the part time job out of the book. Besides, taking part time job can improve our social skills. Once we walk into society, we have to build relationship with different people. So during the part time job, we may have suffered a lot of social problem. What's more, we can make more friends during the work. Many friends of mine have taken part time jobs, such as waiter, postman, tutor, etc. They are all excited about their work. My roommate Amy told me in a high spirit when I interview her about part time job. She said, I've ever been an English tutor for a half year when I was a freshman. I took a bus to the family once a week. The day before the work, I spend a whole night to make full preparations. My student Jim was a cute boy and his parents were friendly to me. Not only can I review my English, but also I get my own paid every week. It was a satisfying job. If time permits, I suggest college students taking some part time job. And you will benefit much from it!


It's important for college students to have a part time job. First of all, we can get some money for our usually life. Maybe that won't be much useful. But our excitement for getting our own money will always be here. Comparing to earning money, the way to gain experience will be more important. As we all know, when we are interviewed in finding jobs after we graduate, a necessarily question will be asked that "whether do you have working experience?" Maybe, some of you will say that in many chances, college students usually do some labor jobs which are far away with their majors and these jobs will do never help to their future jobs. But, in another view, does the experience in the interviewer's mouth only mean the one in their major jobs? I don't think so. As far as I'm concerned, the experience during our students touching the society will also be our wealth. Earlier for us to enter society better will we know the complexity of it and better we will do in our future jobs. For most students, the college life is more relax than our high school life. The reality tells us that more and more students are addicted to computer games during their college life. If they have a part time job, the responsibility and the use of their time will help them to get out of these useless activities.


Nowadays, it's popular for college students to seek for part time jobs. There are various reasons for them to do so and the importance of it is visible. In the following, I will present my views of the importance. In the first place, with the development of the economy and society, the education fees of a student grows a lot. The companies that college students are working for can pay part of their living cost, so it may reduce their family's financial burden. In the second place, students can improve their abilities of communication and solving problems. These abilities are not only useful for hunting jobs in the future but also important for one's daily life. In the third place, students can make more friends out of school. The elder friends can give students many suggestions both in lives and works. The friends of the same age can learn from each other and exchange studying information. Finally, taking a part time job can increase one's working experience. When college students graduate, they can put this into their applications. It will improve their possibility to get offers. Above all, college students taking part time jobs have many advantages. The importance of it is known to all. College students should be encouraged to take more part time jobs!


I hold a view that it is of great significance for college students to have part time jobs. As undergraduates, we are gaining more knowledge and techniques for a better position in the future. However, the fact isn't usually the same as what we imagine. To live up our dreams, experience is also in need as well as skills. We can benefit from part time jobs a lot. First of all, while many of us have lost ourselves on campus, regular tasks can make us keep a balance between work and play. It helps us establish good working habits for further development. Though we might make errors, good learners view them as a constructive part of process. Besides, what we have learned can be applied to working. We can find out what the career is in real life, and decide whether we will choose it as our job or not when graduating. Strategies may be adjusted. We shall make sure which way to go. What's more, part time jobs help practice our communicative ability. We ought to develop a good interpersonal relationship in society. Social skills we obtain through part time jobs are vital to get along with people. It is believed that people with working experience can do their best to control anxiety during interview. In addition, the reason which seems more realistic is that, we usually lack of money. Everybody wants to be independent when he reaches adult age. We are unwilling to accept money from parents any more. Part time jobs offer us extra gains and relieve our economic pressures. No matter what you prefer to do, lawyer, businessman, or official, social practice is necessary to you. You can't avoid contacting the society when you grow up. Part time jobs give you opportunities to see the real world outside.


 As we all know, some of the college students have or are finding a part time job, like waiters, leafleteers, and shop assistants and so on. Some people think it is important, but some think it is just a waste of time. But I don't think some think part job can be a major to us college students. First of all, and it is obvious that take a part job can we have more money before we take it. We are college students, not middle school or high school students, and we are adults already. It's time for us to make money, maybe not all by ourselves but part of. And in the other words, we can reduce the heavy burdens that our parents take on their no longer broad shoulders. So that is about the money, and secondly, take a part time job can also improve our ability. Maybe money is not that count for some person, but abilities is necessary. No matter what work you will do in the future, one thing that you must have various abilities. Something likes communications in all kinds of occasions. And as a college student who has more free time to do what he/she likes, I think take a part time job can we have a rich life in university. Just think about it, what we can win only from playing computer games and surf the Internet, and then what we will achieve from a meaningful part time job. Above all I have said, I think it is important and necessary for us to take a part time job.


After the horrific college entrance examination, we 17 or18 year old boys and girls came to the campus. The world seems to be open to us. All things attract us. The activities in school are more than we can imagine. The life is full of happiness. But when we look back, we'll see it's important to have more experience and to learn more from college. And it's true that more and more companies pay attention to the social skills. So doing part time job becomes very popular among college students. What can we get so far? First of all, students can promote their study through part time job. For example, if an educational student take a part time job in a school, his experience will enable him to better understand what he learned from the books. There's more. The student can get more opportunities beyond what he has been taught in a class, and he will know something that doesn't exist in books but in practice. Besides, students can develop some other talents in other areas. At last, they will discover their sense of self worth and develop their future job hunting. The full time job will be warmed up from a part time job, and then they will gain great achievement. We'll see that money is difficult to earn. It remains us to be simple and unadorned. It's important and necessary to have a part time job, and more students should follow it. That's the conclusion.


 As far as I'm concerned, it makes great difference for college students to have part time jobs. In the best condition, you can find a job in which you can apply knowledge to practice. In this way, while you are making money, you are strengthening your knowledge as well. That may help you get high marks in tests and can promote your ability to act. Even if you cannot find such a job, other work such as salesmen or waitresses, are beneficial. They train you to be experienced, that is, through the part time jobs, you get a glimpse of the real world. You will learn how to get along with various people and how to adjust to the society. This is another essential trait. Since we've already been adults, another reason to have a part time job is responsibility. As adults, we should pay for our own expenses and weaken the burden of our families. What's more, I think a part time job can prevent you from being addicted to computers. A part time job keeps you busy and energetic and it won't leave you too much time for computers. I guess it's time that college students got down to finding a part time job. Let's go out of the campus and enter the society!


 People seldom agree with each other even in such trivial issues. It is a little bit haste to say that It is important or unimportant for college students to have a part time job. For me, I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. On the one hand, in college, we have more free time, so we can use our spare time to do some useful things. Just like a part time job. Then, we enrich our experience of life. We can also learn much experience for our future careers. On other hand, we can earn money by ourselves. Now, we are all supported by our parents. Many students do not know how tiresome their parents are. So, I think by dong some part time jobs, while they get some money, they can profoundly understand their parents. Then, they may save their money and study hard. In addition, It is a good opportunity for college students to know this society. I do not think it is early. We only have 4 years in college. So we must grip every chance to learn something. In part time job we would know many people and can look something carefully. Those are my opinions. According to my current situation, I stick to regard it as a beneficial thing.


Before entering college, I never had a chance to do part time job. I want to do part time job because it is helpful for us to learn more actually things, but not these knowledge's which were wrote in books, and did not change for many years. Another advantage of part time job appealing me to is money. When I can make money by myself, but not ask for my parents, I feel very happy. At the same time, with the help of this money, I can do many things I want to do conveniently. Two months after I was a college student, I got a precious chance to take part in a part time job. It was working in the China Telephone Company. I was very happy and try my best to do all things better. The greatest meaning of this job for me is not money, not practical experience, not a reason to spend my free time, but making more friends. When working together, we were talking about many interesting things. At that time, I was a freshman in college, so most of them were very favorable with me. Whenever I was facing difficulties, they would help me without any condition. Till now, I am working with them. We are just like a family, full of happiness and smile.


Many students seldom agree with each other even in such trivial issues as preference whether college students should have a part time job. In reality, it's rather superficial to simply say that a college student should obtain a part time job. Students can earn some money in their free time if they receive a part time job, and at the same time gain some individual experience through the job. Perhaps most importantly, we can broaden our horizon of mind through a part time job and make our college more meaningful. And we are also aware of the tough to earn money. However, there are also adverse effects of getting a part time job. The main responsibility of a college student is to pursue the course of study to the best of their ability. Therefore, as a college student, we still need to focus on our study. And sometimes the jobs some students take are not related to their major. Thus, it makes no sense to obtain such jobs. From my perspective, I am not in favor of getting a part time job, the most important thing we need to do is just study. Trying to pass the post graduate entrance examinations would offer you more job opportunities and higher salary than just taking a part time job.


Though doing part time is good for students in many aspects, I don't think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. I have reasons in the following paragraphs. There are many advantages for college students to take part time jobs while they are at college. Firstly, part time jobs will offer us students a chance to demonstrate our ability and to apply what we have learned at college. Secondly, part time jobs help us become more independent of our families because we can get money from doing part time jobs. Thirdly, the experience we gain through part time may be of great help to our future. When we look for jobs in the future, we can be more experienced. However, a part time job has some disadvantages. For example, we may lose time needed for sleep, rest and recreation. If we take part time jobs, it is likely for us to be so interested in the work that we cannot pay attention to our study. In my opinion, as a student we should we should hold the right attitude towards the part time jobs, for acquiring knowledge, especially more book knowledge, is our first important task. Although part time jobs can do us some good in some aspects, we should pay more attention to school study than to part time jobs.


 Is it important for college students to have a part time job? Of course, I think. There are many advantages for college students to have a part time job while they are at college. Yong people at college have begun to entertain a new notion of learning, the content of which includes not only book knowledge, but social knowledge and self improvement of personal experience. Part time jobs will offer us students an excellent opportunity to demonstrate our ability and to apply what have learned at college. Firstly, taking up the part time job is plunging oneself into society in which you can accumulate a wide range of experience and widen your horizon. You will not be confined to campus life. Instead, you will have the chance to meet people outside campus, to communicate with them and learn from them. Secondly, though out own work we can make money to pay for everything thing we want, even for your education and training. Last but not least, you gain the sense of independence, self support, experiencing the wonderful feeling of becoming mature and being able to relieve financial burden from your family, and even to buy them presents. I strongly believe that study is our first important task. Although part time jobs do give us some good in some aspects, we should pay more attention to school study than to part time jobs.


 It Is Important For College Students To Have A Part time Job Today there is an increasing tendency of taking part time jobs, especially among college students. It is very popular part time jobs to be family tutors, waiters and so on for them. There are many advantages for college students to take part time jobs while they are at college. Firstly, part time jobs could offer us good chances to make money to pay for everything we want, even for our education and shopping. Besides, it is not surprising that part time jobs help us become more independent of our family. Last but not least, we are able to relieve our family financial burden. What is more, we can develop our social skills and gain experience which may be of great importance to our future career through part time jobs. What is the most important thing is that taking part time jobs can open our eyes and make our college life more colorful. From my perspective, as a college student we should keep a balance between the part time jobs and studying. Although taking part time jobs bring us many benefits, we must realize studying is our first task so that we should pay more attention to it.


As the saying goes, when we enter the college, this means that we are entering the society. So when we are in the college, not only we should learn knowledge, but also we should take part time jobs. In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are many reasons. Firstly, we go to school to gain knowledge, but we seldom have the chance to put it into practice. But in the college, we have our own time, we meet more people, then we have more chances. So having a part time job makes it possible to put what we have learned into practice. Secondly, taking a part time job is a way to experience our life. It can tell us we are not children any more. We should do things on our own. Thirdly, we can accumulate social experience and learn more social knowledge to make ourselves more quickly to adapt to the future society. What's more, we can add a little to our cost of living. In addition, when we find a job, we should be careful in case of being treated. Above all, I think it is important for college students to take a part time job.


As you know, the tuition in the university is very expensive, and it will burden the pressure on your parents. In my opinion, it is a good choice for the college students especially someone who is from a poor family to take part time jobs. Taking part time jobs can relieve studentsˊfinancial burden, especially those who are from poor families. As a college student, you have a lot of spare time; you can make use of them to do a part time job. There are a lot of advantages about doing a part time job. On the one hand, students can promote their study through their part time jobs. For example, if you are an English major student, you find a part time job about tutor, and this practice will make you better understand what you have learned from books. On the other hand, the part time job can offer you an opportunity to go beyond what you have been taught in class and you will learn something that does not exist in books, but in practice. In addition, students can also accumulate work experience through part time jobs, which will benefit their future job hunting. Actually, part time jobs also act as warming up exercises for students to take a part time job after they graduate from school and help them prepare for their future careers. It is easier to find jobs for those who have work experience in part time jobs. In conclusion, it is important for college students to take part time jobs.


Nowadays, it is a common phenomenon that many university students tend to take part time jobs. And many people don't agree with this phenomenon. However, as for me, it is important to take part time jobs for us college students. Following are some advantages. Firstly, taking part time jobs can benefit us a lot, not only our tuition fees, but also a lot of experience that we can not learn from school books. We can earn some pocket money by taking part time jobs. And when we are taking part time jobs, we can know that the competition between the workers is fierce. Besides that, we can also realize that it's difficult for our parents to earn money for our study. Secondly, we can combine our academic knowledge and reality together. We will understand the knowledge in school books more clearly. An old saying goes, Practice makes perfect. Therefore, if we enjoy our part time jobs, we will succeed in the future. What's more, taking part time jobs is an important way to make full use of our spare time. And it is not an obstacle to our study. However, it is also a test for us to deal with the relationship between practice and study. In conclusion, I support the heated phenomenon that it is good to take part time jobs. And I'll take it into practice in my college years.


 Nowadays, more and more university students go out to find part time jobs on the weekends. Some people think that students can't do this because students should focus on their studies. However, other people support this behavior, because they think the job can give their good experience to adapt the society. Different people have different ideas. Some people don't agree this because students should pay more attention to their study. If they spend time doing part time jobs, their studies will drop. In addition they can gain living expenses from their parents; they don't have to earn money relying on part time jobs. Thirdly they will have less time to have a rest and feel tired if it takes much time to have a part time job. Other people support that students should find a part time job when they are in the university because they have much free time to do some part time jobs. Students should get much experience in the society. They can go out for part time jobs on the weekends. And the part time jobs can make our life meaningful and beautiful. For example, a student in our class, she often takes part time jobs on the weekends, but she makes full use of time to study at weekdays. In my opinion, students should take part time jobs on the true time. It is good to our future. However students should pay more attention to studying than take part time jobs.


I agree with the point that it is important for college students to have part time jobs. In China, there are quite a large number of students cannot afford their tuition. For the reason of attending college and daily life, sometimes they have to find one or more part time jobs. Of course, there are still large numbers of students have no problem with money. But I think for them, taking a job doesn't mean to earn money but to earn more experience. College is just like a small society. Having a part time job at college can help us enter the society easier. And I think only when we start to make money we realize the difficulty in it. We know for our parents making money is not that easy too. We are adults now and we should act as an adult. Even though having a part time job can benefit us a lot, we still should pay attention to it. Firstly, it's important to choose a job fit for us. Say we are now at collage and we can't spent all day at the work. What's more, we mustn't forget our study. Make sure our study is developing smoothly and then we can spent sometime at the job. I think most collage students may have the experience of taking a part time job, maybe long or short, maybe one kind or many kinds of. I indeed appreciate my part time job as a family teacher. Being a student for so many years, it's cool to sometimes become a teacher!


I agree with the statement that it's important for college students to have a part time job. First of all, in modern society, college students are facing bigger and bigger pressure on job hurting. Almost all the companies are tending to employ staffs with working experiences even for the new graduates. In order to find a job, college students need working experiences. During college, students are old enough to be hired; college study is not as busy as lower level education, too. This is really a good time to start working. Meanwhile, college students get paid by part time jobs; this will also lighten the financial pressure from the parents. With the income students can spend more money on there interests, which may have positive effects to their lives. At last, there must be a lot of differs between campus life and society. By part time jobs, students will learn how to communicate with different people, how to face failure and challenges, which can never be taught in campuses. Students with part time jobs will know the society earlier and better. This will make them brave, responsible and grown up. So I think it's very important for college students to have a part time job. And I hope the society and companies will provide more part time positions.


 Nowadays, it is a common phenomenon for college students to have part time jobs when they are getting education in the university. Views may vary from person to person as it has pros and cons and people may lay different emphasis on various aspects. From my perspective, I highly recommend it for it has the following advantages. First and foremost, college students have grown into an adult who must shoulder the responsibility and face the challenges in their occupations in the future. To some extent, part time jobs offer the best opportunity to learn the rules of the society and strengthen their mind when facing all sorts of setbacks what they have never confronted in their study. Moreover, they can taste the hardship of making money and then treasure every penny they get. Last but not least, their university life is enriched by the combination of study and work. Therefore, they will try every mean to keep the balance of them and make every minutes count. An outstanding student can perfectly master their time and study effectively while doing part time jobs. All in all, doing part time jobs is a step to the success of student's further career. Otherwise, because of the lack of experience and preparations of mind, one can hardly go down the path without fear.


With the time going on, there will be more and more college graduates. Obviously, the press of job hunting is heavier and heavier. For various reasons, many students are looking for part time jobs. For one thing, it's a good way to get experience of work before get a formal job, for another, part time job can reduce their financial stress. In my opinion, it's important for us students to find a part time job. Of course, there will be some disadvantages, but I believe that, there will be more advantages. First of all, we can get many things from part time job that you can never learn in any classes given by your tutor. Doing a job, it tells you how to communicate with others, even including people you never know before; it tells you how to spend your time wisely, you have much homework to do, you have an important meeting to attend, and, you have to work as a tutor in someone's home every night. Yes, lots of work, endless work. Now you should learning to make a balance between study and part time job. Secondly, it benefits you a lot when you are trying to communicate with strangers. Through the whole process, you will gradually know how to use your eye contact and body language, you know, these are very important skills if you want to get well with others, especially with strangers. Surely, having a part time job can set the stage for entering the society. Last, but I don't think it's of much significance. Having a part time job can earn you some money, to reduce financial stress. All in all, I strongly agree that it's important for college students to have a part time job.


 We are no longer freshmen in college now. There are more chances for us to do something like part time job. But whether part time job is important for us college students ? In my view, part time job is important for us. We can benefit a lot from it. First, we can learn how to communicate with different people, which will be helpful to develop our social ability that is necessary for jobs. Second, it can bring us one more skill if we take part in it. No matter what the part time job is, we have to know how to make it moving. During the process that we try it, a new skill will be owned by us. Third, of course, we can make some money by doing this. Maybe the money we make is not so much, but we make the money only by ourselves rather than get from our parents. To some degree, we can share our parents' burden somewhat. All of these can identify the important of part time job. As for me, I have a part time job. From the job, I have learnt how hard it is to make money. I also make my ability improved. Many classmates of mine who have part time jobs have the same feelings as well. In a word, we need a part time job.


 I hold the view that the students should have a part time job. Nowadays, fierce competition is everywhere in society, so preparing for the future as soon as possible is more and more important for our student. Having a part time job is a good way to improve our abilities which can lay a firm foundation of future life in society. First having a part time job can reduce some students' economic burden; the income earned by part time job can help them accomplish the study in university. They can also some money to buy what they like and improve their life. Second, part time job give the students a good opportunity to enter the society and work with others in which they can learn how to cooperate in a group and live with others, which is important after they graduate from university. Third, the happiness when obtain the money earned by their work can make them become more confident, which will make them behave better both in study and work. Fourth, students who have a part time job have to face to all kinds of problems during the work, their parents are usually not with them, and so they have to deal with them problems alone, by which they will be more independent. Fifth part time job is also a chance for students to learn how to run a company which is good to their own business. Have so many advantages, having a part time job is a good choice.


 Nowadays, college is not only a place for us to study, but also a place where we can learn how to communicate with others and prepare to work in future. So, in my opinion, it's important to have a part time job. The reasons are as follows: First, it's a good way to relieve some students' financial pressure. For some students, their family can't afford to pay the tuition every year, and it will be a pity if they drop halfway. Faced with this problem, some of them turn to their teacher for help and get some money from the school. However, the money is usually not able to cover all of their expense, as a consequence of which, they try to get money by doing a part time job. For example, a senior used to open a small store in Taobao and find a part time job near the school at the same time. Therefore, he can pay the tuition by himself and afford his family some money. So doing a part time job is able to help relieve students' burden coming from financial problem. Second, doing a part time job is a great chance for us students to improve ourselves. My part time job is to work in the piano room, which makes me meet plenty of new friends and know how to work with other fellows. Cooperating with people I'm not familiar with is truly a challenge, and I gradually realize that the skill of communication is really important. What's more, doing part time job makes me understand how important it is to get along with friends as well as strangers, and that making money isn't easy at all. So, you can guess how happy I was when I was paid for the first time! To conclude, a part time job is surely of great significance, though some of them may take much time and energy. Just manage your time and try doing a part time job, and you may benefit a lot from it!


 People used to regard the main target of students was to study, while this notion has changed greatly that part time job can bring benefits in many aspects. So nowadays an increasing number of students are taking up part time jobs. Seen from my own experience, the advantages of part time jobs can be concluded into two main aspects. First, the experience of a part time job can be of great help when you start you career as you have already acquired the skill to handle the emergency independently. And you can get in the society earlier than your peers and learn how to deal with the interpersonal relationship. When you offer an application, the working experience can be your bright points. Second, the reward of a part time job may not be so high but it is undoubtedly your first pot of gold, which is of great meaning throughout you life. The feeling of spending money earned by yourself differs a lot from spending the pocket money given by parents. It gives you a sense of pride that all that you have done has been acknowledged and appreciated, and it can also silently teach you how to treasure every penny. So, it's not surprising to see he rising percentage of part time job takers in the campus. To everyone, it is an irreplaceable experience which brings nothing but benefits.


 In my opinion, as a college student, having a part time job is beneficial for future and today. By the way, students can gain more experience and learn more what is unavailable in class. So, having a part time job is important. Firstly, part time job is good for student's today. In their work process, student will learn many life skill and principle. Some students may choose to be a tutor. For them, it not only asks for professional knowledge, but also needs patience, communion skill and ability to expressing. Teaching is also learning. In addition, there are many students deciding on doing a kind of job such as waiter, assistant. From the point of my, those jobs give us a good opportunity to touching society. With them, we can learn more about personal relations, the way to communicating with various people, etc. All in all, whatever you do, you can learn some things from you jobs, and learn how to do better. Then, part time job is also good for student's future. While we can gain so much from the job process, we can face the society more easily in the future. We can gain patience, communion skill and ability to expressing or personal relations and the way to communicating with various people, all of which are valuable. When we have walked into the society one day, we will find that we have learned so much by part time job that we can do better than our partners. However, apart from those advantages, part time job can also carry us some disadvantages. Maybe some students have not enough time to study, or some study learn some bad habits. On the whole, having a part time job can take us more advantages than disadvantages. If we can adapt it well, we can gain more. So having a part time job can bring college students many skills and ability. In conclusion, it is important for college students to have a part time job.


In my opinion, I think college students should have a part time job. First, it's a good chance for students get in touch with the society. As we all know that university is the first step of teenagers' entering the society. Having a part time job can help them step into the society quickly. Second, I think doing a part time job can make students better understand the difficulty of making money and the hardship of their parents. So it makes them become more mature than before. Third, I think having a part time job is also a way of earning money so that we can reduce the burden of our parents. And we can also buy some things we like by ourselves. Now, there are many people aging from 20 to 30. They have the duty and ability to go to work. However, they still stay at home spending their parents' money after graduating from college. If they had had a part time job and know more about the society, I think a majority of them wouldn't choose the way of staying at home doing nothing. Above all, I advise every college student to have a part time job to nourish our lives.


Nowadays, in China, there are more and more high school graduates entering colleges. This means that there will be more and more college graduates in need of jobs in the future. So I think it is important for our college students to have a part time job. It is common in china that many college students spend most of their free time playing computer games or staying with their boy or girl friends. I think it is not wise to contribute most of our time to these things. We should make good use of our valuable time in that we may face fierce competition after graduation. So having a part time job will help us a lot. As a college student, we live in school and contact with our classmates and teachers. We are not familiar with the society where we have to live and work in future. Having a part time job can help us learn of the society and contact with more people, which can accumulate experience for us so that we can be more competitive in future. Having a part time job can also let us feel how difficult it is for our parents to earn money, which can make us understand our parents better. To draw a conclusion, having a part time job is an important lesson for us in college so everyone should try it.


Nowadays, more and more college students are trying to do part time jobs out of school. This has become a common phenomenon. Some of them are to earn money, while others are to gain more experience. Maybe some people will hold the view that doing a part time job influences students' study. That may be reasonable. However, part time jobs have more positive influences in my mind. On one hand, students can learn more useful things by doing a part time job. As we know, students need to make a living by themselves one day. It is of great significance to make them learn to depend on themselves. Taking a part time job can let them know more skills which are useful in their future lives. On the other hand, students can use their own money to support their study by taking part time jobs. Most of the college students only use the money which is given by their parents. I think students will be proud of using the money earned by themselves. Also their parents will feel proud of their own son or daughter. From the reasons above, it is obvious that doing a part time job does more good effects on students. It is really an important lesson that students deserve to learn.


Books, clothes, cosmetics, food, outing all things what a college student faces have something to do with the money. In that case, more and more college students tend to find a part time job so as to pay for their rising expenses. As far as I can see, the importance of having a part time job is more than that, since it can bring many benefits to us. Helping students to acquire the ability of management is one of the profits. College students are used to such things as asking parents for allowance or buy whatever they like regardless of money. When they are out of money, it's time for them to beg parents for some again. Having a part time job will help students to learn the difficulty and uneasiness of work, thus to understand the precious of the money earned by parents, which enables college students to have some ideas about money management, for example, think twice before spending. Another advantage of doing a part time job is that it provides students a perfect situation to practice and enhance personal skills. Whatever job you do, tutor, waiter (waitress), salesperson the ability of communication and social functions will be greatly improved. Last but not least, having a part time job is a good experience to students who are stepping into the society later on, for it offers an opportunity to apply what you learn, no matter your knowledge or social skills, to reality. You can find if it works and discover the shortcomings of your own, in order to better improve and understand yourself. In a nutshell, a part time job is a lot more than just having some extra income, college students can attain quite a number of benefits, which can ensure them not only a more comfortable current life, but also a promising future.


As a number of employers from companies point out, hardly do college graduates know how to work efficiently, simply because what they learn from universities cannot be applied to their career. So as far as I'm concerned, it is of great importance for college students to have a part time job. First and foremost, every college student will start a career in a foreseeable future, thus taking an early step in the job fields can help them adjust to a reserve life that is totally different from school days. For instance, we'll see our supervisors work and get to know how they handle their projects and how they deal with people, and that's what we are never supposed to grasp from lectures or seminars in colleges. Those working experiences can benefit college students when they start their own careers. Also, part time jobs enrich college students' lives during their spare time. College students tend to have fewer classes and more free time than high school students. However, it has been a common phenomenon that the precious free time is wasted on chatting or playing meaningless video games. What a pity! So why don't we make full use of this golden opportunity and applying for a part time job? That won't bore us at least, and we can have a sense of achievement via serving other people. Finally, part time jobs can offer college students with a sum of salary, which can be attractive to those who still depend on parents economically. Technically, college students are all adults, whose parents no longer bear the responsibility to support them with pocket money. So they should earn money by themselves, pay for their tuitions and the cost of living, and most importantly to ease the burden of their parents. In conclusion, as stated above, part time jobs provide college students with working experience and money in need. Considering all these advantages, isn't it a wise idea for college students to have a part time job?


Do you think a college student should take a part time job? Do you think study is the only task for a college student? Certainly, college students should go to great length to study. In spite of this, in the new age, a college student needs to know more about job, preparing for their future. As far as I'm concerned, it's important for a college student to take a part time job. Taking a part time job is good for students. As college student, they work hard for their dream. However, lots of knowledge can't be found in books. Students need to learn about live and work in the society. When they are at school, taking a part time job is the fastest way to get in the society. For instance, a student who has a part time job has to get well with his superior and associates. Besides, a sort of tasks requires students' abilities. It's a special experience for young. In addition, as for the society, fresh blood can promote its development. The young man can make the society full of energy with their abundant imagination and creativity. In another hand, there are lots of small jobs in the society needing someone to do. That's where the college students can show their talents. When they graduate and get in to the society, they can adapt to the new surroundings easily. Without too much conflicts, they will feel ease to start their careers. The third reason is that poor students can earn some money by taking part time jobs. And as for those students whose family is rich, they can learn that it is not easy to earn money and they will cherish their fruits more. Although there are lots of advantages, students should actually know that part time jobs can take up some time. So students need to balance between study and jobs. After all, study is the most important.


It seems that every college student wants a part time job nowadays, which I think is not necessary. No one can deny the fact that doing a part time job makes you nearer to the real world. Without having their parents to depend on for advice and guidence, fresh men need to improve their abilities of living and deciding things by themselves. At the same time, gaining some work experiences and sharpening their skills before graduating can be help in this competitive society. Also, popular as the concept——part time job is, more and more students believe that the traditional kind of college life—— sitting in classrooms studying all day is just out of date. They tend to go out, seeking a chance to get an cool job. After all, making money on their own sounds extremely exerciting. However, at the negtive concern, problem arises that different from some developed countries, (where students commonly take part time jobs and from where the word part time job came)the money part time jobs can provide in China is so little that almost no one can actually live on it and keep setting aside an appropriate amount of time for learning as well. So money is not the key of its popularity. For many of us, a part time job may only add 10% to our pocket money. Another hidden problem may be serious. As part time jobs apell millions of college students, some people manage to use their passion and make traps to get them in. They often pretend to offer you an good job, talk you in and persuade you pay all kinds of procedure charge. My roommate was beguiled of 1000 yuan last term without hesitation! The part time job market is far from safe for we college students. From where I stand, part time job can provide some help for poor students and improve abilities in some degree, but is never necessary for everybody.


With the development of human being, the level of our living standard is improving very fast. College students have more allowance, but whether they need to take a part time job is a heated discussion. In my opinion, taking a part time job is meaningful to students now. First of all, taking a part time job can release the burden on the shoulder of parents. Since most of our college students are completely be adults, we should take our responsibility to ourselves and try to make live for ourselves. We need our part time jobs. Furthermore, taking part time job can help us know the society in advance. We all should live in the society and no one can live alone in twenty first century. We ought to learn how the society works and what we need to adapt ourselves to the society. Fortunately, if we make mistake when we are doing our part time job, it may cost less. Thus, part time job gives us a chance to make mistake and can teach us a lesson without much pay. Last but not least, part time job can let us know the difficulties of making living. Since we were born to the world, we depend on our parents and ask for living. We never know how hard our parents work and how heavy the living burden on the shoulder of our parents. Part time jobs can let us know these. In one word, part  time is a good choice for students in college. In my opinion, this is a chance.


 As we can see, many college students do take a part time job or more, but the others do not. It seems to be related to a question  Is it important for college students to have a part time job? While in my opinion, it depends. Suppose you are a student who can deal with your school work easily so that you get a large sum of free time. It surely is important for you to have a part time job, reasons are followed. First of all, it helps you cultivate independence as you can distribute your time maturely. And then, you can relieve, to some extent, the economic burdens of your parents if you do have part time jobs. What's more, you will learn more social abilities than others who never take. All in all, it is important for students who have spare effort to take a part time job. Suppose you are a student who can't get through your school work smoothly. It is not a good idea to take a part time job and it is not important and even harmful for you at all. The main reason is that it distracts your attention from your studies, which adds fuel to the fire. So that you may feel terribly hurry or even upset when you fail to pass exams, which beat your confidence and lead to a vicious circle. What's more, your early contact with society adds greatly to the worries of your parents. In a whole, it truly depends whether it is important for college students to take part time jobs.


Nowadays, many college students take part time jobs during their leisure time. While the others prefer enjoy their time by entertaining or learning something new. Up to me, it doesn't matter whether one takes a part time job or not as long as he enjoys his life. He who takes part time jobs can gain working experience and earn some money. And maybe the working experience will help him find a better job in the future. But I think whether he likes the job is the most important thing. If he enjoys doing the job, it will be worthwhile. And if he doesn't, he will keep complaining and gain nothing for the job. However, if someone is really poor and short of money, it will be necessary for him to take a part time job to live on. And to those who don't take part time jobs, they can do whatever they like during their leisure time. Unless they lose their way, they can also learn a lot and enjoy their lives. I think enjoying life is most important to almost everyone, more time for one's own hobbies may be enjoyable. In conclusion, what counts isn't whether taking a part time job but whether you enjoy it. A part time job can make one's life colorful, but it can also make it boring.


College students may not do part time jobs during the college More and more college students take a part time during vacations or even do it on workdays, The job they did covers the teacher, shop assistant etc. This findings indicate that there are more and more students wish to do part time jobs when be a college student. On the one hand, the students who do part time jobs could possibily make him or her get close to the society so that a person may learn more skills when do part time jobs. On the other hands doing a part time job can bring some money which will decrease the payment of the parents, it is significant for students who was bore in poverty family. However, there are something important when taking a part time job. Firstly, we do part time job needs time and thoughts, which we needs them to learn knowledge very much, If we lost time to do a part time job, we may have no time to study. We are a college students, our goal is to get to know what we need to learn or learn knowledge what we don't know. when you start to release your power means you finished learning, you are to think how to use your knowledge to create wealth instead for study further so that you have more power to release in the future. Generally speaking, I don't agree students doing a part time job. When you are a student, do it first which ranks the most important thing you should do first, I think, it is study.


Nowadays more and more students choose to take up a part time job as a warm exercise before stepping into his long time career. Challenging it might be, it brings about a lot of advantages and experiences that can help a student grow mature. First, the money he earns from the part time job helps one get to realize the old saying of no pain no gain, which enhance him of the conscience of that the tuition from parents is no easy money, thus, motivating him to study and work even harder. On the other hand, students can have a better understanding of what he learned from books through the real work if the job is related to his major. Troubles and problems often appears in practice and students can catch the opportunity to learn how to deal with the real matter and go beyond what has been taught in class because the skill he gained from part time job never existed in books. People say that part time jobs add pressure to students. But every coin has 2 sides, as long as the students can go through this whole experience, he would learn and practice how to better manage his own time and the quality of patience and endurance, which is invaluable for a individual's long term development. So part time jobs help students to promote their learning as well as to dig and develop their talent. Let's do a part time job!


 Nowadays, part time job is more and more fashion among the senior high school students and college students. In my opinions, I think it is a very good phenomenon and should be encouraged in our society. Almost of the college students are beyond 18 years old, which means that they have the ability to feed themselves. I think having a part time job in vacations a excellent chance for us to make some money. These will reduce parents' burden and make yourself feel good and successful. When using the money you earned by yourself, you would feel proud and relaxable. It is also a lesson that tell you making money is not easy as you image. You should make a lot of effort to make money which you think is so little. Then you will be more thrifty and won't use money promiscuous. The most important is that you will get a lot of experiences, which will lead you be more skillful. Experience is so important which can't be measured by money. It is so precious that will give a powerful hand to your future. We will find a job easier than those who haven't any experiences and could avoid so many mistakes which rookies are always make. To conclude, whatever for now or future, it is very necessary for us to have a part time job when we are idle.


Shakespeare has ever said, to be or not to be, that is a question. When facing this topic, I want to make a little change, to have a part time job or not, that is a problem. This topic is hot discussed by people nowadays. People's opinions vary sharply. As far as I am concerned, there are three major views. The majority of people especially the parents think it is of great importance for those young adults to get a part time job, which they think will make college students have a better understanding to the society. Most students in China have few opportunity to touch the society, resulting in the problem of high score but low level of ability. So these people encourage the college students to find a part time job. However, part of people hold the completely opposite opinion. They think have a part time job will have side effect on those students. firstly, taking a part time job will occupy too much time. Secondly, college students are too young to get involved in this complex society. they will be cheated, which is dangerous. Thirdly, these young adults may have less interest in study. On top of the two viewpoints, I subscribe to another opinion. I believe there is no standard answer. Whether it is important or necessary depends on ourselves. As we students' conditions are different from each other, when we think about whether we should go to take a part time job, we should list the advantages or disadvantages according to our situation. Whether you choose work now or later, once you make your own decision, try to suggest you that you have make a correct decision and persist in doing it to obtain what you originally thought that you will harvest.


 Some people think there are more advantages for colleges students to take part time jobs than disadvantages, others don't think so. What's your view on this? And tell why. A serious problem has arisen in recent several years that more and more college students abandon study because of their taking part time jobs, so quite a few people are opposed to part time jobs. However, taking part time jobs has at least three benefits for college students in my eyes. First, students can promote their study through part time jobs. For instance, If a law student finds a part time job in a law firm, his practice will enable him to better understand what he's learned from books. What's more, the part time job can offer him opportunities to go beyond what he's been taught in class, and he'll learn something that doesn't exist in books but in practice. Second, students can also accumulate work experiences through part time jobs, which will benefit their future job hunting. Actually, part time jobs act as warm up exercises for students to take full time jobs after they graduate, and help them prepare for their future careers. In addition, as fresh blood in the society, graduated students are often unwelcome in job hunting markets for lack of practical work experiences. It's easier to find jobs for those who have accumulated experiences in part time jobs. Last but not the least, part time jobs can partly relieve students' financial burden, especially those who are from poor families. It's a fact that students break the balance between their jobs and studies, especially when they fall into conflict with each other. But I think students should spend their spare time taking part time jobs. Only following this principle can they benefit from their part.


 I think it is very important for students to have a part time job. Most of the college students are more than 18 years old which means they are now adults and are old enough to earn their pocket money. A part time job means more than money itself. It enables us to learn more about the society and to have a step further into the real world. While doing the part time job, we can know more about the hardship of our parents. We can then know that we should be more considerate to them and should not act like a little princess anymore. We could also choose a part time job in the field that we are interested in and thus know more about how it works. Apart from these aspects, having a part time job could also lay a very good foundation for our future career. We can have the experience of doing the work ahead of schedule so that when we graduate from school and enter the job market, we could tell our employer that we already had a sample of these areas. Having a part time job is a good supplement of our dubious college life. Wouldn't it be interesting if we have a chance to get out of campus in our leisure time and get to know more people and learn more about the real world? To learn knowledge is not the only thing that we should do in campus. I think that to further enhance our social ability is as important as knowledge learning itself. Last but not the least, it is certainly true that having a part time job could make us more endurable and yet have a strong will to achieve further success. So, I really think that it is a very good idea for students to have a part time job.


 Nowadays, there is a trend in campus that more and more college students rush to find a part time job during both the vacation and school time. However, I disagree with the idea that it's important for college students to find part time jobs, because finding a part time job is not as useful as people think and it depends on one's interest and expectation for the future as well. Not all the part time working experiences can gain priority over other competitors when students graduate. Especially for those who are only freshmen or sophomore, lack of professional knowledge and specialized skills keeps them from over reward jobs. Such works as being a tutor, waiter or secretary have little impact on one's personal capabilities in job hunting. What if college students plan to study on the graduate level or go overseas? There is absolutely no need for them to find a part time job before they finish the 4 year study. In my college, most students go to work at the risk of quitting classes when they are still at school, which is a waste of time if they are determined to take the postgraduate entrance examination. Finding a part time job is one way to choose for college students. It can be a practical experience as well as a waste of time. Whether and when to find a part time job depends on one's own idea and his plan for the future.


Nowadays there has been an increasing tendency for college school students to take a part time job, causing a hit discussion between our class. We are divided on this issue. Some of us are firmly concerned that taking a part job has no good for us students, claiming that it is too early for us to step into the society. They believe study is second to none in importance for college students, and part time job is a waste of time because it takes a lot of our limited time and energy. Others, however, have a brief that it is both necessary and helpful for us to take a part time job, considering we can learn a lot of lessons that we cannot learn in books when we work. Besides part time job can earn us some money to ease the pressure on our parents. For me part, I agree with the latter point. In my point of view, we can come to understand the hardness of making money, making us to treasure the money we get form our parents. Taking a part time job does not necessarily have conflicts with study in time, concerning we have andante leisure time. What is more, it can also make our college life more colorful.


Nowadays, more and more college students are doing part time jobs during their leisure time. In my opinion, I think that it is good for them to do so. Doing part time jobs can let a college student understand the society better. They will know the unwritten rules of communicating with social people. Also, doing part time jobs is a way to spend their times. It is much better than just sit in front of the computer playing games all day. From my view, many college student don't know how to take of themselves and work with responsibility. Doing part time jobs is also a good way to train them and teach them how to work as an adult. What's more, doing part time jobs also can let college students earn more money for themselves. Almost all college students are adults now, but most of them still take money from their parents. Their expensive tuition fees and living expenses give a lot of pressure to their parents. If they take part time jobs, they can get some money for themselves and reduce the pressure which their parents take. Also, they can understand the feeling of earning money by themselves. They will be more mature than ever. To sum up, doing part time jobs is suitable for college students. It can let them experience more and provides students with more chances of social practice, which benefits them both psychologically and economically so long as they keep a balance between study and jobs.


Nowadays, it is increasingly popular for a college student to make a part time job in their spare time. From my point of view, I'm quite in favor of this kind of practice. My reasons are as follows. In the first place, we college student are adults. We have the responsibility to support ourselves financially. We are no longer children taking it for granted that parents should pay for whatever we ask for. We should get what we want by ourselves, or at least, partially. Parents won't support us financially for good, so why not make an attempt to make money independently. In the second place, to make a part time job also contribute to our process of maturity. Compared with the campus, the workplace is much closer to the society. The society will surely teach us what the campus can't. Since it is often said that the campus is a society in miniature, so where else can we learn more than in the fierce, dignified society? In the third place, to make a part time job can make us have a better understanding of the essence of making a living. We should bear in mind that money is never made easily and that it is really difficult for our parents to support a family. Since we became adults, it is no longer necessarily for them to keep supporting us financially, they just do this spontaneously. We should be grateful. All in all, to have a part time is highly desirable for college student. I hope all the college students can have a try. Should we even fail, we wouldn't lose anything.


Actually taking a part time job is very beneficial. It does good to students' health. Students can receive physical or mental exercise through part time job and they can get much experience which is helpful in the future. Though part time job can take up some time of study, to the country, part time job can make students learn to arrange their timetable more reasonably and send their life going in an efficient way. What is more, part time job can help students improve their economic circumstance and the method is very import to some students who are not rich. From part time job, students may come to learning the hardship of making a living so that they would cherish their present life. And as they do the job and contact with people around, they will adjust society earlier, if they get a social job. So I think part time job is very important to students in college. It gives college students a chance to experience the work which helps them be ready for the future, it also provides a platform to let students show their abilities and to make them realize their self worth, which can guide the students to be more confident in the late time. It can improve the spirit of the students greatly. In addition, they can get a full life.


I would certainly disagree with the opinion that It is important for college students to have a part time job. As a student, we should still concentrate on our study. Doing a part time job will surely influence our study, which is against the purpose of us attending the college. It takes us much time working thus reduces our time for studying. Besides, part time job can cause other troubles to you. When you make any small mistakes like dropping a plate accidently, you get scolded; when you meet with some tough customers who never seem to appreciate you service, you get frustrated. What's more, as students, we are not so sophisticated as the adults in society and thus we are likely to be cheated without awareness. There are many cases when college students go to find some lurable jobs and are eventually cheated of money or, worse still, violated by others. Last but not least, college is where our view towards life is forming. We can not make sure that we will not be influenced by all kinds of people we meet. Some would regret for the rest of their life if they form negetive attitude of life or a synical mind. All in all, it it really not a good choice for students to try a part time job. Study, instead, is more recommended.


More and more college students have part time jobs nowadays. Here comes a question whether it is important for us college students to have a part time job. From my point of view, we students should take part time jobs. Here are the reasons. Firstly, with the money we earn from the part time jobs, we can be partly financially independent on parents. As we have become adults, we need to live an independent living step by step. Taking a part time job gives us a chance to learn how to earn money by our own hands. Such subject helps us set the stage for a completely independent living in the future. Secondly, part time jobs can improve our ability how to administrate our time. A part time job isn't an easy work. Taking a part time job will spend us a lot of time and energy. The main duty of students is to study. So, we must learn how to balance the both sides if we take a part time job. We have to think of how much time we should spend on the jobs and how much on our study. Step by step, we can find the balance point and know how to administrate our time. Finally, we can have a chance to contact the society by taking part time jobs. College is consisted of students. It isn't like the real society. By taking a part time job, we can communicate with the people who have work many years and know more about the lives outside the colleges. So, we can learn more about the society. To sum up, part time jobs help us get advanced and widen our horizon. Moreover, we can set the stage for our future life by taking part time jobs.


Nowadays higher education is more and more popularized. We college students get much more pressure than before. Many students think getting a part time job to prepare themselves to the complexity of society is very necessary. However I do not think so. In my opinion, it is not very important for us to get a part time job. Firstly college students' main purpose to enter a college is to study more knowledge. Colleges have a lot of resources which are not accessible to people who have already graduated. College students should treasure the opportunity and focus on their study. Secondly most part time jobs are very easy and boring, for example tutor, cleaner, seller and so on. Students can not get much useful working experiences but a little money which can't support themselves at all. In fact it's a waste of time. Thirdly if students want to get more social experiences, they can not only join in some communities but also do some social investigations to extend the horizon. They needn't waste large amount of time to do part time jobs.. All in all college students are burdened with a lot of social responsibilities. Some of them are supposed to be scientists, some of them are supposed to become academicians. part time jobs are not so important


 Nowadays, an increasing number of college students take their part time jobs in their spare time. It is generally acknowledged that there are many advantages for college students to have part time jobs. It offers them opportunities to apply what they have learned in school. In addition, it enables them to be more independent of their family and builds up their self confidence. Besides, part time experiences may have great help to their future careers. Moreover, part time jobs can broaden their college lives and help them know more of society. Judging from the evidence offered, we might safely draw the conclusion that taking a part time job brings about several benefits to college students. But what is worth noting is that the college students cannot put too much time and energy in doing part time jobs but neglect their study. For one thing, the main job of college students is to study, not to work. If they have part time jobs, they may have to reduce their time for sleep, rest, study and activities. Working several hours a day consumes a lot of time and energy and may affect their studies. As a result, they may find it hard to adjust to what the college expects of them as well as their employers expect, finally they may fall behind or fail in their studies. For another, students may be cheated or hurt by their employers, because they lack of enough experience. Weighing the advantages and disadvantages, I think that college students should step out of campus and take some part time jobs. Undoubtedly, it opens them a window to know the society. The most important thing for them is to keep a good balance between part time jobs and their study. To conclude, if the schedule permits, doing part time jobs in spare time is a good choice for college students.


 Today, many college students take their spare time to do some part time jobs. In my opinion, part time job can be allowed, but not necessary. There are many advantages of having a part time job. For example, Wang, who is my senior school classmate, now is in JiLin university, has ever done a part time job in a stationer. She is an out going girl. Her parents are both civil servants, so her family is a rich family. She did the part time job not for money but for experience. During that time, she was very familiar to each kind of pens and note books. She knew clearly where they were and how much they were. She showed her patience to each consumer. She deeply experienced that working as an assistant is too difficult. She even knew that earning money is a difficult thing, too. Since then, she began to value each cent. This experience helped her understand too many things that she couldn't get from books or classes. Besides, having a part time job also can lighten our parents' burden. Maybe we just can earn a little wage, but using the money earned by our own is a wonderful thing. Every coin has two sides. There are also some disadvantages of doing a part time job. First, if the part time job takes up your much time, you may have no time to do other things such as doing sports. Then, during our age, the most important thing is to learn knowledge as much as possible. And, doing part time jobs may cause some security problems. In a word, if we do part time jobs, we can make progress in a way. But part time jobs are not necessary, we can do them later, it doesn't matter.


 Nowadays, more and more college students are used to taking part time jobs. On this phenomenon, different people have different ideas and there are quite a lot of scientists supporting it. However, as a college student myself, I don't think taking part time jobs can bring us positive effects. Many people believe that college students have more free time than anyone else, to strengthen themselves, they should take some part time jobs or even get a real job. But is this true? Why do we go to college, just to find millions of jobs? Obviously, the answer is no. We are students, we come here to acknowledge more useful knowledge, and only in this way could we get a good job in the future. However, part time jobs often distract students' attention from their studies: some students show a sharp decline in their studies because they don't have enough time and energy to pour into their majors, and few of them even cut classes. Is it good for us? Maybe we take part time jobs to relieve our parents' burden, but if we cannot find a job after graduation because of the bad exam results, will our parents be happy? So, please don't contact with society too early. To sum up, as a student, we should put our main effort in our studies and try our best to get knowledge, this is our job now. So, please say no to part time jobs.


Recently, we had a discussion on whether it is important for college students to have a part time job in our class. And different students have different views. Some students didn't think it is important. They said that, as a college student, the most important thing is still study, and a part time job would influence study, doing the job is the things we should do after graduation. But the most students thought that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. They hold the views as follows. Firstly, as a college student, the most important thing is not study, but how to study. The university is different from the senior and middle school. The aim of study has changed. We study not only to get the diploma, but also to gain more knowledge, seize the opportunity to go abroad, or devote oneself to the job better. And a part time job experience is extremely helpful to your future job. It can help you pass all kinds of face to face tests. Secondly, a part time job can enrich our life. Now, the college students are always staying at university. They spend much of their time to have classes, do their school work, and play computer games. The part time job is a good thing which is different from what they usually do. Moreover, it can increase their social experience, and they can learn a lot from the employee. As college students who probably will take part in job after graduation. The experience can help them to adapt the work quickly. More importantly, working together with the employees, they can learn how to the actual job and how to get on well with the colleagues. And all of these are very important. All in all, doing a part time job is very important for college students.


Personally I agree with this statement. Does't like meddle school or high school where students' main duty is to learn hard and try to be enrolled in a good college, college's flexible environment enable its students to develop themselves in a all around way. Many people has the opinion that studying in a college is the preparation to be engaged in the complex social enviroment and that's the idea I appreciated. A part time job will provide students a opportunity to contact society in a early time. Many students will feel at sea once they graduate from the college if they don't have a well preparation for integrating into the society. Then comes part time jobs advantage: it will force students learn to communicate with other people and to deal with kinds of situations like having conflicts with their boss, colleagues and so on. However there comes the voice that taking a part time will greatly occupy students'time and distract them from their study. As far as I'm concerned, I argue against this opinion. By doing a part time job, we can apply what we learn in the class into practise. Through this way we can have a better understanding of the knowledge and gain experience what we can't get from teacher in class. For the reason I state above, I strongly appreciate that college students should take a part time job.


Part time job is a hot topic that often discussed by college students and their parents. During the college, whether to have a part time job is a problem worth thinking. Many people hold the idea that college students should find a part time job. For one thing, having a job and making money can make a children more independent. They will learn more from the society rather than the books only. For another thing, students will make a time plan if they have a part time job which can make for their job later. What's more, using the money made by themselves is very proud and happy. So, why not have a part time job? But someone have the opponent opinion. They think part time job has more disadvantages than advantages. On the one hand, it will take them so much time to do the jobs that they cannot devote themselves in the studying which is likely more meaningful. On the other, stepping into the society may be bad for them. If they cannot control themselves well, they will be trapped into the lair full of frightfulness. As far as I am concerned, if we can control ourselves well and having a part time job have no bad effect on studying, just do it.


 Nowadays, with the development of our society, the number of part time jobs is increasing rapidly. As a result, many a college student has had the opportunity to have a part time job. From my point of view, for a college student, having a part time job is quite important. On the one hand, a part time job can help students adapt to the society better. Different from middle school students, college students are facing the pressure of finding a good job after graduation. However, most of them have little practical experience. To be more competitive, having a part time job is a good choice. Not only can a part time job enlarge a student's experience, but also make them keep in touch people of all kinds. If a student has such a chance, he will definitely be advanced then. On the other hand, students can make their own money by taking a part time job. As a college student, most of the money I spend is from my parents. They work hard to get paid, so why shouldn't I try releasing their pressure? A part time job won't cost me too much time, but it can make me realize the importance of money. I think each college student will treasure their money after experiencing a part time job. In conclusion, a part time job is quite important for college students. We ought to have one if possible.


 This time, a great many university students choose to do part time job during their leisure time. The desire for this is quite different, some for the financial aid, some for the working experience. Even, there are many people who just want to learn to how to adjust to the cruel social competition. Here I'd like to say something about my point of view. Firstly, from doing part time, you can learn many things that we can't get in book. During working, you start to find out how hard to survive, to live on one's own. This will bring a lot of benefits to our future while the others are complaining about the hard pressure. Moreover, if the part time job is concerned with your major, it will put your knowledge into practice. That's would be excellent advantage when you take part in an interview when the company takes the working experience seriously. There is no doubt that part time job will make you more independent from your parents and family. However, every coin has two sides. Part time job will surely take lots of time, not only spare time, but also your study time. So there is an annoying question which is faced with you: how to keep a balance between the work and study? Speak personally, I tend to put study in the first. For your job is student, your main task is to study, to get higher grade, not just for the money that seem to make your present life more comfortable. In conclusion, if once I am about to do the part time job, I will see does it have anything to do with my major or does it cover too much time. Anyway, study while doing the job is my hope.


Nowadays, more and more college students will apply for a part time job during their study. Some people think that it is just a waste of time. But some people take an opposite attitude on this problem. I think the latter is right. I believe that it is necessary for students to have a part time job. It is true that students cannot focus all their attention on their subjects because they should spend some time on their job. But that is not to say that the former view is totally decisive. In my opinion, no one can deny that the part time job can many benefits. Firstly, college students can learn how to get along well with others and obtain working experience when they adjust to the new job. Secondly, they can understand the difficulty of earning money and learn to save money. Thirdly, college students may realize what they are interested in and which way they long to choose in the future if they are at sea. What is more, students will understand the meaning of taking the responsibility and become a mature man. Only they experience it, they can grow up. Students today should keep pace with the development of the society. The young must strengthen the sense of competition, the sense of being independent and the sense of self fulfillment. In conclusion, it is essential for college students to hold a part time job. I hope that students can adapt to the society more easily and quickly.


Part time job now plays an important part in college students' life. We can get not only some money but also much experience from part time jobs. So, most of us are willing to do a part time job though it takes much free time. Someone say that part time jobs may lead the college students to a wrong way. They will care too much about money or profits and forget the main task of their college life. Since the students come here to learn, they should concentrate on it. This kind of idea is mostly right. The main task of students is to learn and create. We'd better spend most of our time on it. But experience is good and it doesn't come from books but life. Long time in school makes us far from the society. In order to be more than a bookworm, we should go out from books and do some part time jobs to learn from life. I have to say that more and more students now don't know how to be with others. The main reason is that they hardly spent time with strangers. If they try some part time jobs, this problem will be solved easily.


 In my opinion, whether college students have a part time job is not important. Furthermore, I persist that college students should not find a part time job. The reasons are listed as follow. Firstly, what we college students need to care is not about money but study. I recognize the famous saying from Hu Shi, the ex headmaster of Pecking University, 'what our students in college should do is just to study'. That means college students' only mission is studying, so taking a part time job will by no means affect the study. If college students have part time jobs, they will have to reduce their time for study. Working several hours a day costs a lot of time and energy. As a result, the students will find it hard to adjust to the studying agenda, and finally, they will fall behind or fail in their studies. Secondly, many students hold the view that part time job will enlarge their social experience and that will help them in future. But what would they really get from the part time job? Things are not that easy for students, the effects of part time job are usually beyond their expectation. Because part time jobs are mostly made up of small employments like waiters in restaurants or tutors teaching English to younger students. These jobs may be suitable for a under graduate. But once the students graduate, they won't take these occupations. Therefore, students shouldn't waste their time on part time jobs. At last, I again stress that it is not important for college students to have a part time job.


The part time job is a kind of jobs, the advantage of which is to provide a job for people in their leisure time. It is really important to college students. As college students, we can get ino the society much ealier by doing part time jobs. Also, the expirence of the job must do good to our futrue. Through the expirence, you will find out what kind is your taste, what really suits you. So, we can live in this moden society better. A college is different from a senior high, a junior high. We study in a college is not only to gain some advanced knowledge, but also get more life, communication, work also studying skills. Doing a part time job is a good way to train ourselves, to learn to communicate with others, to deal with some promblems in a more skillful way. These basic skills also can make our future life more colorful. We have to say, of most college students, the college life is really relaxing. They do not have as much pressure as before. But it does not mean we can waste our presious time. We must look for a meaningful thing to do, and a part time job does be a good choice. And you can make more friends. So, doing apart time job is really important to us, college students.


 Every year, hundreds of thousands of undergraduates head into the talent market, trying their best to earn a decent job. However, the number of job vacancies is far smaller than that of job applicants. Then comes a socially realistic question:What on earth is the core ability that company HRs do appreciate? From my perspective, academic knowledge, though a very essential part of an undergraduate's overall quality, only accounts for a relatively small portion. One's soft power including communication skills practical experiences, independent spirits and social network may play a more important role. In most cases, we can achieve these skills through the experience of doing a part time job. As knowledge receivers, we have beening accumulating all kinds of information, methods to deal with problems and thinking patterns from parents, various teachers and friends only to find we have nowhere to put these skills into use. Doing a part time job, you can fully keep in touch with the society and all sorts of people and learn to adapt what you've achieved in classes to real problems. Besides, you can earn your pocket money and try to be an independent young adult both materially and psychologically because you have to be responsible for what you've done and realize the fact that once stepping into the place you work, you are no longer the apple of your parents' eye at home, having no pressure. What's more, doing a part time job means you've been a temperary working member of this society, which grants you a lot of opportunities to make friends with people who may someday offer you help. We modern Chinese college students should focus our attention on something beneficial in a long run. We are not a generation that are willing to be kept in the ivory tower of college any more. We take the initiative to explore this world. So why don't you go and find a part time job to fully taste the joy and sorrow of a job?


 As is known to all, nowadays more and more college students do part time jobs frequently, bearing all kinds of thoughts. We can look at every aspect of the phenomenon: As to the college students especially undergraduate students, studying and caring about their own courses is the most important thing. It isn't an ideal social practice for the students in that long time will be taken and part time job will set obstacles of concentrating themselves on the study which should be their own profession. As to the society, it may be good since the competitive atmosphere in the recruitment markets can thus be motivated. As a consequence, we can offer more opportunity for the college students to help them prepare themselves for the working period. As to the college, the phenomenon reveals the fact that some courses involving social practicing and starting a career should come out. Both society and students need them to create more thinking about the real world. In a nutshell, it isn't a yes no question but a complex phenomenon that reveals a lot of potential problems of our mode of college education. Some students really need earn their living while some just want to practice their thoughts on the real jobs in the society. Anyway, it depends on personal situation to judge the reasonability.


Part time job, which was virtually known as a waste of time, has now become a vital part of college students' life. An increasing population of college students spend their leisure time being involved in several part time jobs. It can be concluded three more reasons to explain this prevailing phenomenon. Experience is so precious for college students. In campus, students can't put them into a real social surroundings which truly tell them how hard to live in the city. They regard it as a good test of their capacity and make sufficient preparation for their future.. Personally, college students want to behave independently through this to prove that they are an adult. Students are supposed to be faced with more challenges in interpersonal relationship. What matters is not part time job itself but a practice of economic and even mentally independence I think. In universities, part time job gradually has been an index of college students' social practice performance. So it is no wonder why more and more students have a part time job. It is encouraged. To summarize, part time jobs function as a bridge to link the universities with society. It is truly important for college students to have a part time job. Actually, the benefit is mutual. Now, a great variety of stores and companies receive college students. They provide them opportunity to work while finding good human resources for themselves.


There is a phenomenon that college students often take part time jobs. In my opinion, it is advised and necessary for college students to do part time jobs. First and foremost, everyone have to start to go to work sooner or later. By doing part time jobs, we can learn how to deal with relationships among colleagues, how to handle tough tasks asked by the boss, how to keep good moods when meeting unfriendly customers. We are certain to grow up and know the society better through part time jobs. In addition, many people think that studying is the only burden that students should bear. Doing part time jobs will probably waste limited time and make scores drop down. I strongly disagree on this view. Sitting at a desk for several hours and keeping reading and writing can not guarantee high scores in every test. College students can walk out the classroom to breathe fresh air and have a relax during part time jobs. Last but not least, college students can use the extra money they have earned, other than given by parents, to buy things and entertain happily with a sense of achievement. In a word, doing part time jobs is really a good and necessary way for college students to study outside class and know the society better. Come on, try it know!


Part time job means a certain period of time put apart from studying text materials to students. Some people oppose the idea that college students take part time jobs because they are abstracted. However, I strongly recommend students participate to such experiences. Doing part time jobs, on contrary, has positive effects on their self development. We often hear someone regard schools as ivory towers – a pretty elegant comparison. It is true that schools, maybe due to their location in suburbs or some other reasons, depart from the core of a city, a country or even globe. We students learn what books show us, learn about elites' ideas or stories, and accept the rules of a certain fields but we can hardly have chance to trust and testify what we learned is reliable or applicable in real situation. Part time jobs add meaningful experiences for us to handle problems which are much more complicated than that learned from class. From success or failure, students improve their critical thinking ability and down to earth spirit at the same time. Lacking such experiences, a graduate will feel confused and helpless when they start a job and a new life. After the first step – do it, just do it, whether you succeed or fail, you will become more and more confident and visionary. Actually success will occur more and failure less. In addition, confidence building makes student willing to take responsibilities to take another tougher task. A virtuous cycle is constructed which bring benefits to work, family, even their whole life. Finally, Part time jobs also strengthen student's resumes. Having done a similar job implies the interviewee knows what to do and how to do the job. Interviewers take this into great consideration. An experienced candidate means less training process and cost which interviewers prefer. Practice makes perfect. We need opportunities to transform our knowledge into our competence. Part time jobs provide us with such opportunities. We take them, improve ourselves, do well jobs and feel better.


In my opinion, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Some people hold the opinion that college students will not have so much time to study if they take a part time job. I doubt as I am inclined to believe that can students can really absorb something precious that can hardly been gained from the textbooks by taking a part time, such as social expericence, the ability to corpoerate well with other and so on. Students may probably get exhausted from studying mentally. So why not go outside and do a part time job? This will not only enable you to forget about all the painful things in the university and also provide you with a great chance to meet more people in different careers and a new, special horizon to think about the world. It seems appealing to me. Some people may think part time work to be tiring. However, I have a complete different idea towards this idea. We can just take the part time job for a chance to exercise, just like sports activities. And I think a student has the desire to improve himself by doing a part time job, he will never feel tired and on the contrary he will try his hard to do it. What's more, we can get money from taking a part time job and this is the first step that we learn to rely on our own and it's really meaningful for our future.


 To have a part time job has been popular to college students now. Some students have the view that they can earn some money by themselves which can decrease the burden of their parents, and they can gain some experience to work so that they can do the other work better in the future. But another part of students don't agree with them. Because they think they are still students now and the most important thing for them is to learn more knowledge and try to get a great mark. It will cost a lot of time to do part time jobs and they can only get a little money. College students should put their hearts into their majors, but not part time jobs. In my opinion, college students have two school, one is what they are study in and the other is society. They should learn knowledge not only in the university, but also in society. So I recommend college students can do some part time jobs if they have enough time. Society is the best school to us all and we must know how to adapt to society well. For college students, doing some part time jobs is the best way so that they can develop in all round way.


Nowadays, college students become oridinary. Some of them are in rich family, but some need to be afraid of their charge. In my opinions, I think that whichever your family background is, chossing a part time job is necessary.. First of all, a part time job is not only a simple job, but also a kind of improving one's ability. For us college students, after we graduate from unniversity, we should to face society. So, having some philosophy of life is a big advantage. In the process, we can get many chances which are helpful to our later development. Learning how to get up with many kinds of people sounds really pretty. Then, a part time job doesn't take you so much time, So we needn't worry that it can affect our study. Of course, a part time job can help you earn some money and you can share the economic pressure with you parents. A frend of mine who ever chose a part time job says, a part time job let him be confident and sunshine, it changed my life and help me to be open. Every coin has two sides. A part time job maybe surely affect our time schedule. But in other hand, it is improving our ability to arrage personal affairs, isn't it? After the explanation, wo can safely arrive the conclusion that chosing a part time job is really a very good things. So I call for every college student to do a part time job. I believe that when you start to do it, you willn't regret a little.


To live a meaningful college life, not only should we study hard, join different kinds of clubs and organizations, but taking part time job is also an essential aspect if you really want. You will benefit a lot from taking part time job. And I think the advantages of part time job are just as follow. First of all, you can improve your comprehensive ability by taking part time job. During the part time job, you will meet different kinds of people; maybe they will bring you a variety of problems. How to communicate with these people and solve these problems, I think it is a unique opportunity for you to exercise yourself. You can improve your sociability, organizing ability, cooperative ability and so on. Next, you can make many friends during the job. With a lot of problems to solve, you have to learn how to cooperate with others. And in the progress of cooperation, you will obtain a deep friendship with your cooperators. A loyal friend is more precious than gold. They can bring you sunshine when you are in the darkness. Besides, you earn some money by your hard work. For some students whose families are a little poor, they can pay their normal expenses to ease their parents' financial pressure. For others, maybe they can buy something they want. You will enjoy the achievement that you can buy something using the money you earn by yourself. It is great happiness. Above all, the experience of taking part time job will be a precious treasure in your life. Several years later, when you have to find a job to make a living, you will get more chance if you have the experience. I believe your college life will be rich and colorful by taking part time job.


As a freshman, I have to admit that taking a part time job is extremely appealing to us. However, I don't think that it is essential for us to take a part time job. First of all, taking a part time job needs too much time and energy. Unlike a hobby, which can make us feel relaxed and happy, a job requires responsibility, attention and takes up a lot of time. It is unwise of a college student to earn some pocket money at the sacrifice of his energy and time, for it may lead to a drop in his or her academic performance. More importantly, we can hardly enhance our abilities through taking a part time job. It cannot be denied that most of the college student's part time job is being labor, such as washing dishes, severing as a waiter or waitress. What we can get from this kind of work is no more than a tiny bit of money, because this kind of work doesn't involve any thinking or cooperation. Last but not least, it does no help to make you more competent when you apply for a job. Actually, there is no company which regards washing dishes as a kind of working experience. From what has been discussed above, we may easily draw the conclusion that it is not a must for college students to take a part time job.


As we all know, college education plays a very important role in helping college students to gain working knowledge and abilities. In college, students have much more flexible time than middle school students and can spend a colorful life. Some students choose to study and some choose to take part in some parties in their free time. In my opinion, it's important for us college students to have a part time job. Firstly, having a part time job can help students to gain some money so we can pay our college fee and living expanses on our own instead of tending to their parents for financial support. This can also release our families' financial burden. Secondly, we can gain much social life experience and working knowledge, which will help us getting a better understanding of the out campus world and more advantage while looking for a good job after graduation. Nowadays, most companies value the working experience a lot while inviting applications for jobs. So if you have more working experience, you will have more chances to get a job while competing with other applicators. Thirdly, having a part time job can help us students to nurturance the good habit of austerity. Most of us live rely on our parents before attending college. We don't have a chance to experience the hardships in making money. However, when we get a job and can make money ourselves, we will realize the value of money and learn how to spend it more wisely. This will be very useful for us when we step into society. So if you have enough time and want to make yourself adapt to the society more easily, looking for a part time job is a good choice.


Based on my own experiences, I believe it is both rewarding and beneficial for us college students to work outside in our spare time as long as we maintain an adequate balance between study and part time jobs. Part time working experiences can bring us great benefits from various aspects. To begin with, students are enabled not only to better understand what they've learned from books but also to gain more practical skills from the society such as the ability to communicate and cooperate with others. Your potential can be fully developed through the process of dealing with various difficulties while working in the society. In addition, part time jobs help students accumulate working experience which will benefit their future job hunting. As more and more well educated graduates are flocking to the job market, companies pay more attention to the practical experience when selecting the proper employees they need. Last but not least, part time jobs help to relieve financial burden of college students especially those from poor families. Working outside in their spare time proves to be a good way to earn tuition fee as well as the cost of living. However, while we are taking a part time job, we should not forget that study is our main task at school. Only in this way can we acquire the useful knowledge and skills both in and out of schools.


 I agree with the idea that it's important for college students to have a part time job. Because as an adult, college students must have the ability of making a living by themselves, they should not depend on their parents any more. To take a part time job can relief their parent's economic burden. On the other hand, it can also help them prepare to enter the society as well as make them more independent. For example, one person hasn't taken any part time during his college life, and the other has experienced several jobs. When both of them hunt for the same job, the company must accept the more experienced one, for he need less time to adapt to the working tempo. From this example, we can also find that whether one have a part time job also influence his future. To a certain degree, I also prefer to take a part time in my spare time. We are not kids any more, if we get used to being carried by our parents, we can never grow up and can never become independent. Maybe someone will say that part time is just a waste of time and energy and will have negative influence on their academic performance. But I can make a promise that doing part time will just teach you more things that you can hardly learn in the class. After all, I completely agree with the idea that it's important for college students to have a part time job, and I even think it's necessary.


Finding a part time job during college As a college student, we may face many challenges and new responsibilities. Especially I choose to live in the university rather than at home. We have much more time and freedom, and also we have to learn to how to budge our time accordingly and meaningful. Doing a part time job can be a perfect way to achieve these goals and develop our skills. First, working part time can be easily done, if we really want to do it. A university can provide so many chances that most of us can find a part time job, we can be a tutor, a shop assistant, a librarian, or a bicycle keeper. And a part time job can help getting the necessary funds that we need. Without help from parents, we cannot even afford tuition, room and board, or living expenses. Another benefit of part  time work is the opportunity to gain some working experience and to develop our people skills. If we work at the school cafeteria, you know that this had nothing to do with our major, but to give it more on our resume, We all have to enter the society sooner or later, doing a part time job now can help in future. Many students do not want to give up their free time, for both studying and social activities, so they view a job as a last resort. However, a job is not an option. We have to work, and if we doing a part time job we can be better prepared for the future.


 Judging from the current education in China, I don't think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Of my perspective, I think the most important thing for a student, even a college student, is studying. Every other matter can't be the excuse for it. From the examples of those well known people, we can notice that those great people's success had nothing with whether they had done the part time job. I don't deny that doing a part time job can give us hands not only on making money but also on accumulating working experience, however, it also has a negative impact. Having a part time job can weaken our study. All of us students go to the college for gaining better education, not money or something else. So a part time job is not necessary, of course except the guys who are really in bad conditions. For most students, a part time job can cost them a lot of time and sometimes maybe they should skip classes to meet the need of the director of the part time job, And absolutely the study will be influenced. The more time you spend on the job, the worse marks you will get. In general situations, this is true, So don't try it facilely. Furthermore, doing a part time job in the college might expose us to the society fulled with money and deal too early. In the brains of everybody, at a certain time, there should be something particular. And when we are college students, we should own dreams, ambitions in our brains which can be easily ruined by the ugly things we see during the part time job. In short, studying, at least now, is our most important case. We shouldn't abandon what we are supposed to do just for a part time job. Don't emphasize it too much. Do all that you should do firstly.


I believe part time job is not necessary for us college students. Firstly, in the college, acquiring knowledge is the main point. College is not the end of the study, on the contrary, it is just a new start of life. We need to study and live with our own. Most of us are not short of money, because our parents could support our basic life. So, finding a part time job and affording our life are not the most important things. Also, part time job in college can not bring us a lot of money, while, if we study hard, we may use our knowledge to create much more wealth in the future. Secondly, the society is much more complex than we considered. What we have learnt about and our experience are not enough, we may possibly be cheated when we try to find a part time job. What's worse, our equity could be encroached on. That's not worth the candle. Thirdly, if we want to do the part time job for working experience, we can choose the student union or some other organizations founded by college. It's safe and efficient. Also, we can ask for volunteer work, we ought not to think too much of money. Volunteering is always a great way to get progress for us students. Having taken all into consideration, for some whose family has financial burden, part time job may be a good choice. But for most of us, I think part time job is unnecessary. Studying hard is the most important thing, without 'one of'.


I agreed with it is important for college students to have a part time job. In my opinion college is such an important course. Because when we graduated from college. We may face the choice to go to institute or to become a fresh graduate. It is very precious to have a chance to get a part time job. Because its experience will become a great reference when we have a job in the future. But don't forget our duty, we are students. So we should choose the job wisely. First, we have to know clearly that the part time job not only just for the money to release our financial pressure but also get some experience to let our vision widely. Second, don't spend too much time on the part time job, we are students not workers. Don't spend too much time on the job. We should make a balance between study and job. Third, choose a job which can give you more experience, inspire. Like school's librarian instead of strain store staff. Part time job have a lot of benefits. Apparently, we can earn more pocket money, making new friends and most of all we may find a way about what we want to do in the future.


 As is known to all, part time jobs never fail to appeal college students. A part time job can always teach something that you can not learn in class apart from giving you money. Time and intelligence can be fully used, ability and courage can be practiced, and you are bound to be fully rewarded. So as far as I'm concerned, it's important for us college students to have a part time job. For one thing, part time job offers you a golden opportunity to intercourse with a lot of people who you seldom have access to make friends with and who you can surely learn much from. This is very important for us, since we're highly likely to be locked in the ivory tower. It is often the case that we bury ourselves in books and tests and even isolate from the society. In addition, doing part time jobs, to some degree, makes students aware of something like duty and thrifty. I used to spend lavishly. But since I have done some part time job, I fully recognized that earning money is truly not an easy thing. Besides, students can gain a sense of achievement by earning money themselves which does good to their mental health. Last but not least, students can really learn a lot of skills and get self improvements. To sum up, the advantages of doing part time jobs far overweigh the disadvantages. With a little bit of caution, you can acquire money, friendship, practice and fun in the same time. So why not?


 I agree that college students should do a part time job. However, most students ignore the importance of a part job due to serious reasons. In my point of view, there are several reasons why we think it important to do a part  job. One fairly reason is that doing a part time job can help us gain more experience and give us a chance to make our knowledge into practice. In our part time job, we can have access to society out of university rather than be buried in books. In addition, many college students can't live without their parents' support. Most of them even waste money forgetting their parents' difficulties of making money. So if we make money by ourselves, we will feel the happiness and hardness of working and appreciate our parents. Meanwhile, some students think a part time job will take up most of their spare time so that they have no time for study and their favorite activities. To some degree, I think if we arrange our time accurately and make full use of our time, there still can be enough time for us to do other things. On the contrary, we will spend less time for computer games or something boring and then spend more time doing a significant job. Doing a part time job can make our college life more colorful and unforgettable. In a word, we should have a try.


Nowadays, more and more students took part in some part time jobs. Some of my friends also took some part time jobs during the last summer after the college entrance exam. However, in my opinion, taking part time jobs is really not a brilliant idea. First of all, some kind of part time job is really a waste of time. For example, one of my friends who was accepted by a famous university decided to send leaflet during her part time. But as I think, no matter what happened, I really don't believe that a person graduated from that kind of school would have another chance to send leaflet. So he is just wasting his time. And someone would say that except for this kind of part time job, Other kind of part time job might be a kind of exercise. Unfortunately, I disagree with it either. As a student, the most important thing for us is studying. No matter how much part time job you did, the most important thing is still your studying skills. And another thing is, it can release the pressure of their family. I think, for some students whose parents are not as rich as others', this might be a way. But it's just a way, not a perfect way. Not to mention those who can afford the cost of college. After all, as I just said, you have to put your studying time into pieces to participate some part time jobs. It will certainly affect your studying. So for those whose parents can afford their college life, I think it's better toyou're your mind in studying to make more money for your parents and yourself. So I think this is it, my opinion of part time jobs.


When asked about whether college student should have a part time job in their leisure time, people's perspectives diverge considerably. From my point of view, i hold the idea that the benefits of doing part time job overshadow the risks of it. Among countless factors which contribute to my standpoint are the following reasonable ones. Initially, doing part time job will expand one's horizon and enrich one's knowledge. There are many things we cannot learn from our books and studies. in part time job. Not only can it deepen your understanding of your major, but also it can accumulate experience for your future job. Due to the accelerating rate of college graduate, the competition in employment get more ruthless and relentless. so it is crucial for gaining the job to have a woke experience. Secondly, it is self evident that doing part time job can abbreviate our parent's burden on affording our studies. The average fee of the Chinese college is around 10 thousand yuan, which is relatively high for most Chinese families. I can think of no better exemplification and illustration of Hong Zhanhui, owning the honor of :THE MOST MOVING PERSON IN CHINA,, He came from a poor family, so poor that he cannot finish his college only depending on his family. It is doing some part time jobs in his leisure time that allow him to sail through his college. It is college that helped him out of the poverty and gave him a opportunity to achieve his wild dream. Admittedly, doing part time job, to some extent, will adversely affect the normal study. It will make you feel harder to concentrate on class, make you get tired easily and make you have less time in studying. However, the benefits of doing part time job overshadow the risks of it. So I reinforce my standpoint that it is beneficial for us college students doing some part time job in the leisure time.


 Nowadays it is common to see that more and more college students take a part time job in their spare time. At the same time, it causes people from all walks of life to heatedly debate over whether the phenomenon is a blessing or a curse. However, in my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job for three reason. To begin with, it is a good method to accumulate the work experience in order to prepare for job hunting after graduation. In the contemporary university, many students are grumbling that they are lack of the opportunity of practical work. Therefore, they take a part time job and seize the chance to know more about how the company works and how to survive harsh competitions. During the work they confront a great number of challenges and their abilities will be improved. Moreover, part time jobs can alleviate financial burdens on parents and promote them to manage the money. Currently it is inevitable for students to spend money in many ways to keep daily life and they also don't want to aggravate the burden on their parents, so they get the pays through part time jobs. Additionally, they come to learn to balance income and expenses by themselves. In addition, many students can apply knowledge to practice through part time job. For example, some students majoring in Japanese tend to seek the work related to Japanese, such as Japanese tutors, Japanese interpreters. It is a good chance for them to challenge and make further progress. Based on the three forceful reason, I believe part time job is important for college students. Although it brings a lot of benefits, I still suggest that college students should balance study time and work time.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job, and I have 3 reasons to account for it. First of all, as college students, having a part time job can enhance our abilities in various fields. College life should not only involve learning lessons but also provide students for a space to find out their interests, bring themselves into play and practice their abilities. I had a part time job this summer as a private tutor, and I do feel that it does good to me. So having a part time job is essential. Secondly, having a part time job brings benefit to college students by showing them the society. Students can learn to get accustomed to working and gradually know about the society. It is obvious that it can't be learned in our lessons. Last but not least, having a part time job is somewhat a symbol of growth. Only by working can you realize how hard your parents are. In addition, parents will be happy if they know that you can pay some of your tuition yourself. That's not a problem of money, but consideration and independence. For all these reasons mentioned above, it is important for college students to have a part time job. Try to find one right now!


Of all the changes that have taken place in college campus during the past thirty years, perhaps the most far reaching has been the growing emphasis on students' capacity of making money. Some state that contemporary students should make money as early as possible in order to get used to the marketization. At the same time, more and more scholars plaint that gone forever are the days when students devote themselve to pursuing knowledge, claiming that college has become a place where the youth learn to adapt to society in advance and once the admiration towards money and fame become a head long trend, our development of science will decline. Each student has his/her own choice, and whether participating in part time job or not depends on individual situations. But as we discover so many students spending so much time doing part time jobs rather than studying while their jobs has no relationship with their majors, a question is raised:what should a student do first? It is difficult for the average student now to imagine a time when college students were trusted as genius to do advanced research. As higher education embrace more and more people, college students are no more than well educated labors, but education prices have beening keeping rising. So it is quite easy to understand part time job is more and more popular. But as well known, colleges contain various learning resourses, making it the most admirable studying enviroment for scholars in China, and quite a few masters said the college period was a golden time for studying because that's a pure time for thinking as well as learning. Unfortunately, the college campus is no longer that peaceful because so many students are engaged in their job. But please remember, we have at least thirty years to make money, but no more than ten years to study in college.


I totally agree with this statement. Personally, I think university is a transition between narrow study and the more open society. In recent years, a large number of graduates fail to find a job after their graduation. One reason is that they seldom take a part time job at university so that they haven't accumulated any job experience. As we all know, a lot of job hunting advertisements show that experienced hunters are usually needed. A adult with one year or more of job experience is easier to acquire a suitable job. To fit the demand, we college students had better take at least a part time job at our free time. What can we do if we take a part time job?From my point of view, the common choice is to be a tutor. We can make the most use of our alreay acquired knowledge. We can teach a high, middle school student or even a pupil, we can teach them maths, Chinese, English and so on. Apart from a tutor, a job in a small restaurant is OK. There we can experience the tough living and working conditions so that we won't spoil the better job if can we get in the future. To sum up, I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. However, we should still focus on our major. Only if we get a high degree, can we make full use of our knowledge.


Nowadays, with the competition for a job become sharp, more and more college students choose to find a part time job in order to have a better beginning of their job career. Then, as college students, should we just follow others. No, before we make the decision, we should have a analysis of the part time job. First of all, let's have a look at its advantages. As we all know, doing a part time job can develop our ability. More important, we will get precise experience of working which can have a great influence on us. Next one may be the most important one. Before we have a part time job, we are not a true independent man. Having a part time job forces us to face the society and to be responsible for what we do. It is a large step in our life. So, there is no doubt that we can have a great development. However, it can have a negative influence at the same time. By doing this, we get experience of working but loss time to study. When we graduate, we can get experience easily but how can we have such a great opportunity to study. In a word, our campus life is the right time to study. After analyzing of the part time job, it's easier for us to make a decision. In my opinion, having a part time job is important. We should seize the opportunity not only to prepare for our job but also to become independent. All we should pay attention to is having a suitable arrangement between study and work. It's time to make the change. Let's do something to put our campus life more wonderful.


 With the growth of willingness to gain more knowledge and experience, students, usually college students, choose to do part time jobs. There can be considerable benefits, which will show significance in the future. However, the importance depends on how the job is and whether the student can really handle it. Part time jobs are supposed to be beneficial and be related to where the student majors. If not, it should at least help promoting student's skill of communication, self management and thinking ability. Part time jobs which only mean low salary and no promotion are not as important as the students' study, isn't it? To students who lives in a hard live and need financial support to his or her study, a part time job can be appealing. To others, just make your own choice. Whether the student can keep the balance of study and part time jobs is far more fatal to his life. Part time job is important. However, compared with study, part time job is just an aid part, not a key one. There are countless students who succeed in their career without an experience of part time job, not high scores. To those who cannot even handle their study, I don't think it necessary to do a part time job. As we can see, the importance of doing a part time job depends on many facts, and differs to everyone.


 Nowadays taking a part time job is popular among college students, some people just try it without having a consideration about whether they really need to so. For me, I think take a part time job can be better for someone, but it is not necessary for every college students. Part time job can always be attractive to those college students. First of all they can get salary, which means that they start the first step to be independent. Second, they think they can get much experience and so called skills. And, it can also be a way to spend spare time. Usually part times faced to students are just waiters or waitress, write or tape some documents, help promote some products. Could it help us that much just like someone imagined? Maybe money attracts many students. For those who are not very rich it can obviously be helpful. But such works may be not supervised or even dangerous, maybe what you take can't match what you have done. Students get paid for times or hours, with not much money, sometimes even get no money, just some useless things or meals. Do we really need or care about the money? If no, than it is unnecessary. As for experience and skills, I don't think each part time job can give us much. Some works doesn't have much meaning. Everyone can do these works. No experience, no technique, it doesn't matter, you can learn what to do in a few minutes, even there's no need to learn. How much can we learn from such easy works? Maybe not much as supposed. So, part time job can help college students in some aspects, but it is not necessary for us. Before taking a part time job, we should think carefully.


I cannot agree more that it is important for college students to have a part time job. In high school we have no time to do a part time job. We must study everyday in order to enter a better university. But as a college student, do some part time job is good for us. Here I have three reasons to support my view of point. First, taking a part time job, we can make money, so we can buy something we like. It can bring us the extra pocket money and cultivate your independence. Just economy independence is the true independence. Second, we can make friends in a part time job, share our happiness and sadness with others. The third reason is the most important one. Part time jobs can broaden our vision and we can practice ourselves, develop our interpersonal skills from various social practice, improve abilities and lay a foundation of the social work. Of course, it's in the foundation of you have free time. It depends on your character, your condition of life and your major, I think. If you are a person who like to study and research and you are not worrying about the tuition and your major is something like math and science, you'd better focus on the study. A part time job is only a supplement which gives you a kind of rest.


