Having a part time job during university, it provides lots of personal and social benefits. Not only university students can take the advantages, but also the society. Hence, no matter what, it is essential for whose students to have a part time job. For students themselves, on one hand, they get many of individual advantages. They earn money for their daily lives that learn to become financial independent. Also, teenagers can experience the real society before graduation. It's a rare opportunity to build up their own network, which benefits them a lot in future. Moreover, it's easier for them to set up targets after having working experience. For commercial society, on the other hand, the higher education level had, the higher salary offered. Due to lack of liquids, but, it's hard for small companies to employ educated elits. So, undergraduaters are suitable choices for these campanies. They are not only well educated, but they also have more creativity than adults who work for many years. Meanwhile, teenagers have a chance to practice their creativity and critical thinking. All in all, based on the points I have mentioned above, it's worth and important for university students to have a part time job.


I think there are several reasons it is important for university students to get a part time job, and I outline two of them below. The first is that part time jobs are a valuable way to see how what students have learnt in class applies in the real world. Classroom education, especially at the university level, tends to be academic and theory oriented. There is often little opportunity to see how these theories apply in practical usage. A part time job in the same field as the student's degree will allow them to learn from professionals who apply these concepts on a daily basis. This will be a useful contrast from university classes, which are almost always taught by researchers. The second benefit of obtaining part time employment alongside higher education is that it gives the student opportunities to pick up skills that they will need later when they enter the workforce, but are not taught in traditional university curricula. These include interpersonal skills and effective communication. University education is primarily designed to test whether the theoretical concepts taught have been learnt with sufficient clarity. When students enter the workforce, however, they often need to apply these concepts in concert with their colleagues. This will require them to communicate effectively and clearly. A part time job will definitely give them an opportunity to exercise and improve this set of skills.


Is a part time job important to university students? As a university student, I do not have a part time job. But I do think a part time job is quite essential to an undergraduate. There are several reasons behind. Firstly, university fees are high. Having a part time job, a student can earn money in order to pay for part of the fees in the university. This can ease the strain of the bread winner of the family. Secondly, having some working experience before graduated can be an advantage when you apply for jobs in the future. Employers in all companies will prefer to employ a person with rich experience than a person with none. Thirdly, having a part time job can practice the time management skill of a student. If you can do well in academic result and at the same time doing well in your part time job. You will absolutely be an expert in time management. As a result, a part time job is important to a university student. If you your academic result will be affected by having a part time job, it is better you stick to your studies rather than having a part time job.


It is true that having a part time job is one of those important things of University life. Student with part time jobs can often earn extra money and get different experiences through various ways. With a part time job, students could earn their own money, rather than keep getting financial aids from their parents. They can be financial independent and get involved in own fiscal planning and management. On the other hand, part time jobs are relative to different skills training and experiences. Students could have specific skills been trained by taking part in different types of jobs. According to the job nature, they may have experiences of being a tutor teacher, a waiter or waitress, a salesperson and of course anything you can imagine. Most of the experiences can help in future occupation, but one important point is does it related to your study or future planning? However, many others may claim that part time jobs are time consuming, and students at different stages of study should put academy at the front. From my viewpoints, University students should have good time managements, if not, part time job is a good chance for them to learn; also, nowadays we concern on multi competencies, and that's why we have to study in University. Having part time job is a fantastic way to earn, and that should be proposed.


Nowadays, it is very common for university students having a part time when they are still studying. Tutor is one of the favorite jobs that they usually choose. However, why there were so many students spending their time on job rather than using the time to study? What is the importance of doing a part time job? Experience is one of the university students want to gain in a part time job. In today's society, working experience is one of the important things that are required. For a fresh graduate of a university, part time jobs are the only method to gain experience. Money also is one of the reasons that students concern about. In Hong Kong, university school fee is around 42000 per year which government have already paid lots for us. It stills a large amount of money for a normal family. Besides, there still have to spend money on other different things. For example, the meal, transport. If the students having a part time job, it can lighten he financial pressure that his family affording. Some people against this statement since they think the academic result of the students may be affected the part time job. It's sad as the space time for revision must be decreased. However, it also provides a chance for students to train their time management skill. If the students manage their time in a intelligent way, it will be easy to keep the academic result. No pay, no gain. In this case, what we need to do is use the least pay to gain the maximum gain. A Part time job for university students is one of the good examples for it. Because of it I agree that it is important for university students to have a part time job.


The university students are becoming better and better in finding ways to enrich their campus life. Apart from joining sports teams and student societies, having a part time job is certainly among the top choices. The importance of part time job is recognized by a great number of people, me included. Most students go to university to prepare themselves to blend into the society in the future. Being successful in the society calls for skills of working and cooperating, which can be developed from part time jobs. For instance, one can learn how to set the working agenda and get help from colleagues. Without these skills, even if the student gets a good occupation upon his graduation, he/she will possibly feel it difficult to get used to the job, and thus his/her performance will not be satisfactory. Another advantage of having a part time job is that it offers some money, which the student can use to make their life more colorful. Such advantage is embodied by the experience of my friend Bill. He likes travel very much but he lack the money to do it often. However, that limitation is eliminated by the part time job he found. With his salary, he managed to travel to many places such as Singapore and Tokyo. Of course the salary can also be used to purchase a piano or football according to the interest of students. In conclusion, having a part time job brings a large number of benefits. Though it might be a bit difficult to find a satisfactory one, the outcome of the part time jobs is worth all the effort.


Stepping into university, it symbolizes that students are getting near to adult's society. Besides celebrating for having independency from family, it also means students shall possibly be responsible to their own financial situation. Based on different reasons, many students would apply for part time jobs. Some wanted to gain in work experience. Some wanted to earn money for luxuries. And some needed money to reduce financial pressure of the family. It is fair to say that their reasons are understandable. However, no matter how fancy their reasons are, it is for sure that having a part time job could affect students' study due to fully packed schedule and disturbance in study. For university students, they shall equip themselves in order to face the upcoming challenges when he graduates. Regarding to the term "equipping", some part time jobs actually helps students learn many and let themselves to get ready for their future careers. But, on the other hand, some only give students salary but nothing else. I sometimes questions the students what they really expected from the job. I disagree if they expect for money only to have a part time job; but encourage them to get themselves ready for challenges.


It is not uncommon to find lots of university students are working hard on both their studies and part time jobs. Many of them work the appropriate number of hours of their part time job and find the balance to maintain their studies. There are several reasons for why it is important for university students to have a part time job. The firs reason, actually, is that money is much more needed when they get into university. Because most of the university students want to be financial independently, which means they want to have their own source of income. In the light of this, many will choose to have a part time job instead of asking money from parents. Having a part time job, in my opinion, is a precious chance for university students to learn more about the society. Just as many said   university is a step stone to the real society. Students can discover much more than what they learn in the school and definitely can get the memorable experience of how the real working industry is being. Besides, they can get along with other people, who is having different opinion, life experience and even in different age. This can help them to explore more about the society. Students, however, need to maintain the balance between work and study. They need to control their time and effort to both work and study seriously. A part time job, I think, is crucial for university students.


Taking up a part time job would have more disadvantages than advantages for university students. For university students, the utmost important task for them is to gain academic knowledge and learn how to deal with the real world situation. Therefore, one should consider whether a specific activity benefits university students according to these two criteria. Certainly, some will argue that part time job is just aiming to equip students with the experience to handle problems occurring in the society. However, part time job will not be the most efficient way and rather, it causes dramatically shrink in the students time devoting in academic study. For most families in Hong Kong, covering tuition fee to finish university by the family will not be problematic. Most students do not carry heavy financial burden so that part time job is not necessary for students to earn money. Alternatively, students could choose to take part in internship provided by the university in order to approach the world outside university. Compared with part time job, internship could be more well designed in terms of improving personal leadership, communication, cooperative skills. Thus, university students are recommended to reduce their time involved in part time job.


Whether it is important for university students to have a part time job or not really depends on particular students. If the living standard of a student's family is not sufficient to cope with the basic needs, the student may find a part time job to supplement his/her family income, as university tuition fee in Hong Kong may still be unaffordable to some families, despite the fact that the students have already be subsided by the government. However, for students from ordinary families, that is, money is not of their utmost concern at this moment. I would say that the students should reverse more time to enjoy their university life. They could make use of their free time to join more activities and know more friends so that their social circle can be expanded, and at the same time developing interpersonal skills. They could try different things such as organizing an event or an orientation camp for other students. From that, leadership experience can be accumulated and it is useful for their growth. After all, most students will go to work after their graduation: there will be lots of chances for them to work and hence they need not to start working too early. Although some may argue that previous work on internship experience is important for their first graduated job. I will argue that employers look more on your interpersonal and communication skills than the so called little "working experience" when you are finding the first job. All in all, university students should enjoy their life and accumulate more experience before starting to work.


Someone believed that having a part time job for a university student is important, but I cannot totally agree. Certainly, life and study in university is quite different from one's previous education experience as more individual motivation is required and less rigidity to decide one's own learning activities. Having a part time job will be a good choice as students can earn their tuition fee and gain some experiences which can make their resumes more impressive and attractive. However, for the students who want to be involved in academic research, having a part time job may not be that essential and even at certain circumstances, can be counterproductive. I shall concede that they can gain some experience in team work, time management and communication skills. But these can also be acquired by doing research projects in the laboratory. Furthermore, working part time can have negative influence on their academic performance as people's energy is not inexhaustible and there will be inevitable time conflicts. After all, their results in academic are far more important than working experience. In addition, at the university level, most students are not expected as experienced or equipped with apt skills. Most of the time, they are not likely to be on the appropriate positions where they will be after graduation. So a part time job won't be efficient to tell them what their future careers look like.


It is common for university students to take a part time job, besides attending lectures or doing lab experiments. Actually, I agree that a university student should take a part time job. First of all, most of the university students do not come from a very well off family. Many have to support their own lives in the university, if not have to even support the lives of their families. A part time job certainly will gain the students extra pocket money. They then don't have to rely on their family so much on enjoying their university lives. Also, part time jobs give hands on experience on working in society. While studying in schools for almost twenty years, university students have never tasted the harshness and cruelty working a realistic environment. A part time job gives them a preview on what they are facing after they graduated from the universities a few years later. Furthermore, part time job is a good time killer. In university, students no longer have the incredible workload on taking open examinations; neither will they need to attend lecture hours as long as they have done in secondary schools. Most will just have no idea on how to spend these extra free hours after getting into universities. A part time job can fulfill the needs of them. They can remain on doing something meaningful and beneficial, rather than idling their time away, or spending their time aimlessly. In conclusion, there are many reasons on the good side in supporting university students to take a part time job.


I believe that it is important for university students to have a part time job. There are some reasons. First, as university students must pay the expensive tuition and use money for lunch or transport fee, so, they can do a part time job to lighten the burden of their family. Moreover, having a part time job can get some experiences. The university students can choose the part time job that can help them to prepare their future career. These experiences can widen their view. For example, if they be a tutor of the primary student or secondary student, they can learn how to teach children and how to prepare material for the children during the lessons. In addition, being a university student is not same as a secondary student, so, doing the part time job is a addition task for university students to arrange their time table. In the university, there are some job for them to do, for example, being a librarian or being a helper of some program. They should use these few years to learn how to arrange their time table that not same as secondary school. In conclusion, having a part time job is important for university students.


The biggest difference between high school and university lives would be the freedom. In university, students may have more flexible time tables according to their preference than in high school which most of time, the classes are assigned to students. Furthermore, in university life, students can have more chances to experience things other than learning academic knowledge. Having a part time job would be the one which will teach university students many things that school cannot teach them. Therefore, it would be necessary to university students should have a part time job unless once in their university life. From part time job experiences, students may be able to improve effectively their communication skills and inter personal skills. These skills would not be able to be taught but students should learn by themselves through their experiences. Many companies would value these working experiences since the one who has knowledge on working as a team and able to communicate well in an effective way and who does not have would have differences. By having a part time job, students may not only have pocket money but also can have unique experiences. Therefore, university students should have a part time job.


As far as I am concerned, it is very important for university students to have a part time job. The reasons why I argue are as follow. In the first place, you can apply the knowledge you learnt in the classroom to practice if you have a part time job. Secondly, it will be a good chance for you to improve your soft skills, such as communication skills and time management skills, when you do the part time job. This can, in return, enhance your study back at school. Absolutely, this will benefit you a lot when you really find a job after graduation. Besides, you can earn the allowance from the job, which will lighten the financial burden from your parents who support your study. What is more, gaining working experience while studying in university, you may find jobs after graduation more easily. Some people may disagree that they believe having part time jobs will result in worse academic performance at school. I think, however, this is not the case. Multi tasking is what we definitely will encounter when we join the society after graduation. Instead of escaping from the challenge, it is better for us to practice as soon as possible.


In recent years, mankind achieved a stretch of unusual peace in human history. Stability led to an explosive increase in the number of students studying in. It is common practice for students to have a part time job when they are going through their university years. I agree on this practice if and only if the part time job is needed or will help the student in their future career. The most common scenario where a student will need a part time job is when they need to earn some money to support themselves through their studies. The financial background of different students may vary significantly. For this reason, I am for students to pick up part time jobs to cover for their expenses. However, students must be able to balance the working time with their academic responsibilities in order for the student to do well. Another scenario whereby I will support a student to pick up part time job is when it is career related. It is important for students to make full use of their university time to improve themselves and add value to their own set of skills. Taking up a part time career related job will increase the student's chance of getting a good graduate job. It is to me highly recommended Other than the above two reasons, I feel it is not advisable for a student to pick up part time work as the time available should be fully utilize by students to gear for the real world after graduation.


It is now common that university students have a part time job, even the classmate sitting next to you may also has a part time job. The reasons that they get a part time job may be support of family, support of their own life style, savings for future, return the borrowed money, etc. From my point of view, it is not important for university students to have a part time job. First of all, the part time jobs having by the university students are usually not related to their studies. They usually choose the jobs that are usually easy and can earn money fast. For the example of my friend, he is also a university students, he asked me if I had any part time job and he told me that he had already got a part time job of be a tutor to teach a secondary school student. It only helps students to earn more money to support their school fee and expense of daily life. Someone may argue that having a part time job can make students to gain more experience and prepare for future. I don't deny this claim but for most of the time, these working experience are not available for us to prepare our future. As we can see, the kinds of part time jobs are usually the tutors, restaurant waiters, these works are usually not being chosen by students to be their future job after graduation. They will choose the jobs related to their studies or the job they interested in. Therefore, I do not agree with the statement that it is important for university students to have a part time job.


