Everyone must have known that smoking is very dangerous. It has given many bad effects to the smokers and people around them. Smoking could give both active smokers and passive smokers many diseases. It can grow cancer, and many other health problems. Smoking inside the room is very dangerous for passive smokers. Usually, passive smokers cover their nose or get out from that room as fast as possible. But, in some places like restaurant, we can't get out directly when there are people smoking near us. We eat in restaurant usually for a long time. If people near us smoking, it gives many people bad smoke. Smoke that produced from smoking is very dangerous for our health. If we inhale them in a long period, we could get serious health problems. People should think about others. They shouldn't smoke in front of other because it could give both active smokers and passive smokers many diseases. It can grow cancer, and many other health problems. If they themselves can't stop smoking in front others, I think restaurant should ban smoking for the sake of all people. Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. So, people who eat in that restaurant eat calmly.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I am agree with this statement. In Indonesia there are restaurants everywhere they and I notice many customers smoke while they are in the restaurant. Restaurants becomes with place of choice for people to let go of hunger as well as a place to relax after so many hours through rush. Restaurant becomes a place that is convenient for consumer. Leisure can be supported from the cleanliness. Besides, in the restaurant is also not allowed to smoke. Lot of restaurants that visitors will not be comfortable with smoke. Comfortable atmosphere will disappear with the smoke from cigarettes. As recommended by the government, smoking can also damage health. Smoking is dangerous because it can cause serious diseases, for example hypertension, lung cancer, etc. If you want to smoke can be created for a special room where space only serve targeted specifically for people who smoke only. That way will not interfere with consumer convenience in the restaurant. The longer the space created specifically for the smoking, then smokers will decrease over time, so the advice not smoke can be carried out in total. This is because the consciousness of people not smoke has increased.


Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Personally I agree with this statement for several reasons. Smoking bans in restaurants are important to ensure a healthy environment. As we already know, smoking is not good for our health. Too much smoking can inflicts acute diseases like cancer. Even though it is dangerous, many people also tend to smoke. Even though the smokers know the effects, many smokers can not stop smoking because of the addiction. By banning smoke completely, it can help them to stop smoking. This complete restaurant smoking bans can be the first step of reducing number of smokers. Smoking bans in restaurants also important for the sake of non smokers. As we knows, many non smokers are feeling irritated because of smokes. Not only their comforts are disturbed, their health also faces great dangers. Researches have stated that passive smokers are affected more than the active smokers. Passive smokers tend to be affected on public places like restaurants. So I think it is essential to ban smoking in the restaurants. I think smoking should be banned on the public places. And smoking bans in all restaurants in the country can be the first step to make a healthy environment. It can help to reduce the number of smokers and bring ease to the non smokers.


In my opinion being a smokers harms our body, and absolutely I hate smokers around me. Despite my father is a smokers and I really stay away from him when he was smoke. I'm pretty confuse by the people smoke around the places like terminal, mall, bus etc. In my mind, I always think about them, did they realize people among them? Definitely they never think about that and they don't have any respect for this.. I have a lot reason why we should not smoke. First, smoking just affect our health and we must spend a lot of money to buy some cigarette, and definitely we know being a smokers damage our lungs. And you can get some disease like cancer and reduces the length and quality of your life. And the others reason is you are out of respect for the people around you, and that is pretty disturbing. When you smoke, you not only harm yourself but you also harm all the people around you. So you must be selfish. If you love yourself especially for man, please stop smoking!! Think about the people around you, who love you, likes your friends and your family. I'm sure they won't to see you suffering or sick because of that thing. You just spending your life, your money, and the important thing is you will spend much money for medicine if it going worse. So you should think twice for decide to stop smoking. Because we had dreams for our life.. And from my article, I am really disagree about being a smokers and for some people didn't have any respect for their self and others people.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking has a lot of bad result. Smoking is bad and extremely dangerous for our health. People usually going to restaurants for food not for smoking, they want healthy food not a bad food. Perhaps not only banned in restaurants but also in the public places. Many people feel disturbed when they are eating they also disturbed by the smoke flavored. Because they can't smell the food. Smoking should be completely banned because there is no benefit from smoking only bad for our health there is no gain from smokers but only pain. Second hand (passive smoker) smoke is more dangerous than active smokers so that it is so detrimental to people around. Many people have suffered from the cigarette smoke, people with severely damaged lungs and heart because of smoking and passive smokers. Small children are vulnerable to cigarette smoke bad for their growth, health, lungs and heart. Smoking only doing a lot of harm to people around especially when they are eating, because some article said that when we are eating we also inhale the smoke.


In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants at all the country because a restaurant is a general place for people to eat and have their meals.. It is also a favorite place for everyone to hang out with their family or friends. So many people exhaust their time at restaurant. If there is someone that smoke, it will disturb the convenience of people. The smoke of the cigarettes will certainly pollute the environment and endanger the environment, the smokers and even the other people who do not smoke. Some people especially ladies cannot stand the smoke of cigarettes and the smoke will certainly harm them. They may not enjoy the meal or even have difficulty breathing. Also, cigarette is bad for our healthy especially for secondhand smoke. Smoke which arises when a person smokes a cigarette, or cigar is more hazardous to a passive smoker who inhales the smoke being in close vicinity of the active smoker. The smoke being inhaled by the former is unfiltered thereby causing more ill effects. Several pulmonary diseases such as cough, bronchitis, asthma and last but not the least carcinoma of lungs may occur as a consequence of smoking. So, to keep our body health, not only restaurants that should be banned, but the other general place too.


Smoker is one of many people that really annoying cause of its smoke. Its smoke not only can damage theirself, but also can damage all people that near them. Because of that there is two kind of smoker, active smoker and passive smoker. Person that smoking usually smoke at any place that they want even there is a smoking area. The most often place that they smoking and the most annoying too is at restaurant. Because when we eating we will disturbed by their smoke everywhere. Because of that smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country. Smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country not only because of their smoke that fly everywhere. Even there is a smoking area, it still annoying too cause sometimes restaurant put the smoking place and no smoking place too near. So sometimes we still can see the smoke, even we don't see the the smoke, it still can be dangerous because it's viruses still there and can in to other people body and damage their lungs or their other organs. So because of that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country, to keep other people's comfort. And decrease the total of smokers in this world.


In Indonesia smoking is not forbidden for most of people and most place. People can smoke wherever they want in public. But in certain place, such as malls, restaurants, hospitals, and school forbid people to smoking. In my opinion, smoking in public places must be prohibited because of the disturbance they cause to others. The research says that passive smokers are 80% likely to suffer cancer than active smoker. After knowing the fact, people start to think how to overcome this kind of problems. For example, shopping centre usually provides smoking area for the smokers. Hospitals are strictly forbid smoking inside the hospital because can cause unfriendly environment and cause more bacterium and virus. Next the restaurant which will be explained more. I will divide the restaurant into three levels, the small scale, middle scale, and large scale restaurants. Small scale restaurants usually allow the customer to smoke inside the restaurant. They didn't separate the place for the customer who is smoking and who is not smoking. Middle scale restaurant such as KFC, Pizza Hut, and McDonalds sometimes give the smoking area for the customer. For the example, they provide the outdoor seat for the customer who smokes. In this scale, usually after the customers enter the restaurant, they will be asked whether they smoke or not and will direct them to the smoking area if they smoke. For large scale restaurants, usually already forbid the smoking. They don't have the smoking area to prevent disturbance for other customer.


This is very important for us to follow it, because not just that smoking is dangerous for the smoker, which it could cause a lot of decease such as cancer, heart attack, and etc. It could also harm people near to the smoker these people usually called passive smoker, and these poor people will suffer more than the smoker because they directly inhaled the smoke from a cigarette. Not to mention that a cigarette have some substance that are addictive. Maybe it is as addictive as a drug. But it still makes people wants more. In some restaurant in this country the still allowed the costumer to smoke, well I think that is not a good way to develop a restaurant. Because their smoke sometime can be very annoying. And not to mention that it could also change the taste of food from that restaurants. It is true that a restaurant have provided a special room for those who are smoking. But, that alone won't really help to banned people to smoking. That will only give them a special privilege, or something like a special room for them. A way to stop them is not give a smoker an option at all. No smoking area. If only every restaurant want to applied this, But sadly no. And that is why smoker still exist


As we know, smoking is bad for our health. But, there are still many people smoking. Once they began smoking, they hardly can stop. It's because the smokers become addicted to it. When we addicted to something, it's hard to get it over. People who don't smoke also can get the effect from becoming passive smoker. Passive smoker inhale cigarette's smokes although they don't smoke. One of effect from becoming passive smoker is lung cancer. So, to protect other non smoking people, the government set a rule that prohibit smoker to smoke in public spaces, such as mall, university, etc. According to the rule, the mall and other public spaces have to provide some places where the smoker can smoke. At restaurants, there's place that signed as smoking area. Although the area is separated but it can still affect people who don't smoke. This is because there are no glasses separating the smoking area with no smoking area. So, we can still inhale the smokes. Let's take an example when the restaurant is full and the waitress places someone who smoking near our table. It will annoy us because of the smoke. So, I think it's better for the restaurants to not allow smoking in the restaurant.


I agree smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. As we know, smoking is not good for our health. First of all, cigarette contains nicotine that can damage our lungs and make us hardly to breathe. The government also gives warning to the smoker to make less the smokers. We can see the warning in every pack of cigarette, and it is said that smoking can cause cancer, hypertension, and also disturb fetus. Smoking not only inflict to us, but also to other people. Smoke makes the no fresh air and sometimes people that not usual with it can cough when she or he suck in it. If smoking is not banned, it can annoy other people that do not smoke that usually called passive smoker. The smoke of cigarettes is more dangerous for passive smoker than active smoker, because the smokes that are aspirated by the active smoker are not good for our health. We must keep our health because we are the next generation on our nation. Besides, we must keep our environment better and make the air still fresh and free from smoke. Those are some reason why smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


The idea of banning smoking in all the restaurants in the country is impossible and would be very difficult to accomplish. Everybody knows the hazards and the damages that smoking can do to your body but this statement is just realistically impossible. Restaurants can try to ban smoking in their place, however the rate of individuals that smoke in this country is so high that it would be very difficult to completely ban smoking. Some places are able to prohibit smoking, and individuals are able to comply with their rules. However, smoking is something an individual consider routine which makes it hard to completely ban in a country to not be able to smoke in a restaurant. People smoke during meetings, people smoke after they eat, and people smoke to network. Believe it or not, smoking is a very good networking tool that individuals do to increase success in aspects of their lives. Although health is not one of those aspects, people in this country are so accustomed to smoking that the degree of difficulty to ban smoking in restaurants is unachievable. A way to reduce smoking within a restaurant is to maybe open a smoking area with a good exhaust so when one has the need to smoke, they are able to go into the room without disturbing the others beside them. In conclusion, the idea of banning smoking in all the restaurants in the country sounds like an ideal statement that would greatly increase health for others; it is realistically impossible to achieve. That is why I disagree with the statement and suggest that reducing smoking in the restaurants is a more realistic goal that the country should have.


I think smoking is a bad activity that can disturb our body and another people around the smoker. Peoples usually smoke after they eat food or drink a cup of coffee. It is the reason why restaurant didn't banned smoking at the restaurant. But, many people who not smoker banned smoking because it give disadvantage to their body as the passive smoker. In my opinion, I disagree with statement that Smoking should be completely banned at all, the restaurant in the country because it disadvantages the restaurant. The most disadvantages for the restaurant is decreases number of costumers because it decrease revenue of the restaurant and the restaurant can be closed. But, if the restaurants do not banned smoking, they also decrease revenue of the restaurant. So, the resolve of this problem is the restaurant must make smoking area and rule to the costumer. Smoking area is important because people who smoking can enjoy their cigarette and people who not smoking do not get the effect of the smoke from the cigarette. The restaurant not only make smoking area but also make a rule because if there is not a rule the smoking area not useful. It is a simple rule. If the smokers want to smoke after eat or drink something, they must choose smoke area.


Merely, as other people think that smoking is not a good thing, I have the same mind. Smoking brings many bad effects to the person who does smoke or the people around as the passive smokers even for the environment. The main reason why it is should be banned, absolutely dealing with the health of the smoker itself. Cigarettes or tobacco that used contain lots of chemical approximately fifty items are known and a hundred are not, which are absolutely not good for heart and lung. Those chemical such as nicotine, tin, carcinogens etc can make those vital organ have to work harder than normal even damage the system of the organ. Especially, the chemical named carcinogens which may cause cancer. Second, the previous bad effect also can be happened to the person around the smokers. Since they do smoking indirectly, they breathe the smoke and the bad chemical go through out nose, throat to lung. They do not do smoking, but they have to pay for the bad effect of smoking. The last thing is it is not good for environment also, those chemical may cause the air pollution and make the ozone which is sort of tissues, a hole or tear the tissue. Then, it may result in global warming. Therefore, smoking should be banned, especially in nowadays where earth is damaged than ten years ago which is proved by global warming, the big universally enviromental matter that every humankind face as the people of the earth. I do agree with the government programme to forbid smoking in public places such as mall, university etc. and provide a certain room for smoking. Indeed, we cannot erase smoking instantly, yet, we can omit it little by little that may lead in a big change.


Cigarette is a thing that contain a lot of poison. Many opinion said that smoking make the smoker fresh, peaceful and become more patient. Truly, all of that was cause by the poison called nicotine inside them. But, that feeling just happen in a short time period, when are smoking. Nicotine also make the smoker being addicted. If they become addict person, they will smokes every where they are, at car, at home, event at the public place like restaurants, malls, bus, office, bars, etc. Cigarettes not only impact on the main smoker, but also give effect to people around him. In this case, people who were around the smoker are called passive smokers. There are many observations about passive smokers, it is related about is the passive smokers threatened or not. The result is the passive smokers even more threatened than the main smokers. It can be imagine, how big the danger brought on by smoking and what percentage are all around us. For the examples, there are many smokers inside public places such as restaurant. You are inside there too, you can imagine in the place that you should have some healthy food but you also have the smoke from the smokers. You will inhale some of poison and make your body unhealthy. So, the conclusion is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is all are for the sake of health together.


I agree with the statement above regarding the prohibition of smoking in public places like restaurants because it would be very annoying person who is around smoker are what hope do we already know and understand the dangers of what will be caused by smoking, although we do not smoke if you breathe in smoke from cigarettes we are indirectly become passive smokers and to be affected the same with active smokers so that that ban smoking in all public places is very good. From the research I did turned out to smoke a cigarette can spoil the taste of these foods, because before we eat food we can assess the taste of food with a delicious smell which increases appetite, can we imagine if that delicious smell is mixed with the smell of the other will cause people to be reluctant to eat at a place that made rules that prohibit visitors smoke inside the restaurant so indirectly the owner of the restaurant to give comfort to the visitors. But in reality are no longer effective way because a lot of visitors who still smoke inside the restaurant was probably due to the lack of socialization to the visitors about the ban, perhaps because it is now a lot of restaurants that create a special place for smokers to smoke more active in order not interfere with the visitor which is in the restaurant.


Smoking is dangerous to health, so smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country. It do not have any positive effect for the restaurant. Smoking cause many kinds of diseases like cancer or impotency. Many people die because smoking. It only can disturb the costumer on the restaurant. Many costumer will be the passive smoker. The smoke from the cigarette will poison the food too. Many ladies and children also hate the smell of cigarettes. Passive smoker is more dangerous than the active smoker. Passive smoker is a person who indirectly smell the smoke from the cigarette of the active smoker. The smoke is the poison, so the passive smoker is smelling the poison from the cigarette from the active smoker. Smoking is dangerous to the smoker and other customer in the restaurant who are not smoking or passive smoker. The food that have been served, will automatically poisoned too because of the cigarette smoke. So the food will not be healthy again. There is a solution if smoking did not want to be banned from the restaurant. The restaurant must have a smoking room, so smoking allowed only in the smoking room. So they will not cause trouble to other customers who are eating.


Smoking is a practice in which a substance, most commonly tobacco or cannabis, is burned and the smoke is tasted or inhaled. This is primarily practiced as a route of administration for recreational drug use, as combustion releases the active substances in drugs such as nicotine and makes them available for absorption through the lungs. It can also be done as a part of rituals, to induce trances and spiritual enlightenment smoking is one of the most common forms of recreational drug use. Tobacco smoking is today by far the most popular form of smoking and is practiced by over one billion people in the majority of all human societies (citation needed). Less common drugs for smoking include cannabis and opium. Some of the substances are classified as hard narcotics, like heroin, but the use of these is very limited as they are often not commercially available. The effect of smoking on human health are serious and in many cases, deadly. There are approximately 4000 chemicals in cigarettes hundreds of which are toxic. The ingredients in cigarettes affect everything from the internal functioning of organs to the efficiency of the body's immune system. The effects of cigarette smoking are destructive and widespread


In the past, smoking in the public area, especially in the restaurants, was something that you could see anywhere because there are no rules or cautions about it. Many people smoke in the public area without any hesitation and it is be something common in people daily life. Recently, it became hot news because one of government organization said that smoking in the public area is not allowed. That condition happened because that organization thinking about effects of smoke. As we knew, effects of smoke are so dangerous to our body. Not only it can cover our lungs with toxic, but also it will be carcinogenic that can develop to be cancer, decrease our lifetime and lungs capacity itself. Moreover, effects of smoke not only attack the smoker itself, but also people that surround him. And the effects itself is more harm to the passive smoker (people surround the smoker) than the active smoker (the smoker). In my opinion, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Not only because it damage our body, but also there are few fire cases in the restaurants that caused by fire from the butts. And it will be something risky if because of little things like butts destroy all of materials and damage people's life.


Smoking is one of the most deadly silent killers, yet millions of people pretty much unaware of this sad reality that plagued our world. It brings harms and diseases to the active smoker and worse consequences for those passive smokers. Even worse, the younger generations nowadays started to smoke, thanks to those advertisements that depict smokers as macho men, adventurous men etc. and the lack of government's interference to restrict underage people from smoking. Smoking is okay but only in limited places, and the governments recently build smoking rooms in public places. But the only few the smokers who ever used in this facility and still smokes in everywhere like they are the only people who live. It is clear that smoking should be banned from the public places, especially restaurants. People who smoked at the restaurants will pollute the air with their smoke, not seeing the harms they brought to other non smokers. Who non smokers who would like to enjoy their feasts with the aroma of tobacco smoke? Smoking in the restaurants is egoistical actions that took the rights of the non smokers for being healthy and breathe fresh, clean air by force. In my conclusion, smoking in the restaurants should be banned in all restaurants across the country since it brings nothing but diseases and sickening smoke.


Smoking is not a strange thing to our life. As we know, many people in this country like smoking for their hobbies. It will be habits for many people in this world. Usually, they smoke without see the situation and condition. They smoke at all place include in the restaurant. Whereas if there is smoke in the restaurants, it will disturb people's breathing who comes to the restaurant. Although the customer only passive smokers, but it also dangerous like active smokers. In this era, sometimes people's think that they don't smoke anyway, it will not seem likely handsome. As we know smoke can make many disease to our body. Smoking in the restaurants not only disturb many mature people, but babies, children and the elderly who come to the restaurants. We can imagine how if the baby draw on smoke of the cigarette. It also happens to children or old people. So, we must protect our healthy with our methods. One of the method is we must make a new rule for each restaurant in this country. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It must be banned, because we can see the dangerous of smoke for passive smokers or active smokers. Usually in the some restaurants, they provide a special room for smokers. It also better that management's restaurants don't provide any room for smokers, because if they provide a special room for smokers, it doesn't change the situation.


Smoking is a bad habit that give no benefit at all to the one who smoked and the people surround him who smell it. Recently, the smoker is not only a men, but also a women. Although it has already banned by the government to smoke in public area, there are a lot of people who still smoking in public area, such as Hospital, mall, airport, terminal, even restaurant. Restaurant is not a correct place to smoke at all, because that is a place where food should not be contaminated with kind of killer things like that. People can be disturbed, even get sick because of that smoke. The smoke contain a lot of killer material inside, such as Nicotine, CO2, etc. And not only that, Smoking can cause impotency, cancer, lungs disease, even dead. What a horrible damage that caused by a selfish habit of smoking people. I think Smoking should be banned at all of the restaurant in the country before it getting worst and causing a dead. The world will be a better and comfort place, if the smoking people can stop their habits or at least they can do it in a right time and in a right place.


Smoking is very dangerous to all visitors who were in a restaurant. Diners are reluctant to return to the restaurant because of the discomfort that is felt when eating there. I am against smoking in the future that I was not comfortable being in the same room with someone who smokes, especially when I was eating, such as there was someone who smokes a distance of 1metre from me, I choke and cough. It makes me lose appetite due to unhygienic food anymore. The restaurant owner could go bankrupt if their customers a little reluctant to come back to the restaurant just because of cigarette smoke. And, the authorities or government can give punishment to the owner of the restaurant, especially when it established new rules regarding the ban on smoking in public places. Risk of cigarette smoke causes or contributes to serious health problems. Cigarettes contain many harmful chemicals. Form of gas and hazardous substances which amounted to thousands. Examples: Tar, Nicotine, Carbon Monoxide. For human's body, these chemicals are dangerous or cause an increased risk of various diseases and disorders in the human respiratory tract, even death. Such as asthma, heart disease, lung cancer. Smoking as a waste of money. Nicotine in the human body or the effects of opiate addiction that triggers an increase in consumption. So consumers are encouraged to continue to look for or purchase. About cigarette price of about $1 per pack. And obviously it useless waste of money income just to buy the poison. Consumers must spend a minimum of $1/day. So, love the people around you when you smoke. Smoke on the places that have been provided, and distanced himself succumbing to smoke just better than forcing others to breathe your smoking.


The idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country is good for health and environment but it is nearly impossible because nowadays smoking is one of a life style especially in Indonesia. It's true that some restaurants already have banned smoking at their place, the restaurants who done that must be the elite one, so the customer won't have problem if they don't smoking, but for the middle and low economical restaurant, they will lose some customer if they banned smoking in their place. Even though I am not a smoker but I know some reasons why smoking is very important to them. Some of them said that having conversation while smoking make them more enjoy, open minded and think clearly, and they usually do that at restaurant. Another reason is because smoking after eating makes some special pleasure for them which also take place at restaurant. It's funny actually to believe that kind of excuse but some research say that the chemical things inside cigarette make the smoker tense more relax and stabiles their mind, another experts say that smoking can make angry people to relax and think more clearly. We all know but smoking is a bad habit and dangerous not only the smoker but people around them, but since it is a life style now, it is nearly impossible to rid all of them instantly. So, the all the restaurants should prepare some smoking area for them. Some restaurants already applied that, for example at airport lounge, and many else, most of them run it successfully.


I agree with this statement. Because not every people smoke. I know that for smokers this statement is so difficult to accept, but we have to see the bright side for this statement. People who smoke are not going to smoke at the restaurant again, and that will make the restaurant atmosphere healthy. The smokers should be understand about that statement, because that statement are made because some reasons. People which are not smoke shall prevent the smokers to stop smoking, because it will make them unhealthy. Many people will have bad illness because of smoking. For some reasons the government prevent their citizen to smoking at the public places, that is because the government want to keep their country clean and smoke free. Smoking can make our world suffering, because of the smoke that cigarette had are contains so many toxin that could be dangerous for human, plants, or animals that lives on the Earth. Why restaurant. I think smoking inside a restaurants is dangerous, if at the kitchen have a gas malfunction, smoking will make it worse and smoking can trigger an explosion. As we can see all bad effects of smoking at the restaurants, we must forbid smoking at the restaurants.


Smoking is one of the activities that loved by the ones who like it, and hated by the ones who dislike it. For some people, smoking can relieve stress, especially when they smelling the smoke. Also, they feel like uncomfortable if they don't smoke for a long time. But, on the other side, smoking can be really annoying since the smoke polluted the surrounding air. This is why, most government banned smoking on some public places, like restaurant. And yes, I agree with this. There are some reasons why I agree with that. The first thing, the smoke can make other people feel uncomfortable. Why this is, I have already explained before. Also, inhaling smoke from smokers, known as passive smokers, is far more dangerous than if you smoke actively. Second, for the smokers itself, smoking can be dangerous for their health, as you've already knew. It can be from damaged lungs to the worst, death. Since the past, the disadvantages of smoking have already wide spreading all around the world and the Internet. For conclusion, I strongly agree with statement that smoking must be banned at all restaurants in the country. It makes other people feel uncomfortable and not good for health too.


Everyone knows that smoking is a bad habit, it can cause many bad things. In some country smoking in public area is banned to reduce the effect. In Indonesia there is some reason that make hard to banned. In Indonesia smoking is more than just a habit, but it is something that everyone must do it. There is a lot of children that smoking, they do not know that is a bad habit that can cause cancer, etc. Some people know about it but they still smoking. The government try to reduce it with make a rule that not allowed to smoking in public area in the exchange the government make some place to smoke, but there is still so many people smoke in public area. In other side most of Indonesia people is working for cigarette company, if smoker is reduce the company must reduce the employee. That make more job for the government to do. In the fact cigarette can cause many bad thing. Cigarette can make other people around the smoker get the same bad thing. So government must make the rule more restrict that make smoker stop they bad habit, and the exchange for the employee of cigarette company is a new job.


Smoking ban in a restaurant is good way to forbid people who's smoking for not smoking while they are in a restaurant. This is for keep restaurant clean, smokeless and ordorless. Also, to respect the others who do not smoke. As we know that smoking is dangerous activity for active smokers also for passive smokers. Dangerous particles inside cigarette smoke can fly in the air for many hours. Inhaling cigarette smoke for a short time can irritate the lungs and reduce the amount of oxygen in the blood. While inhaling for a long time or being a passive smokers, even more dangerous. Actually, not only smoke which can make worry. Residues which are stuck to the hair and smokers clothes, as well as pillows, rugs, and other goods also cause a risk, especially for children. Cigarette smoke causes or gives contributes to serious health problems, including Lung Disease, Heart disease, Cancer. Cigarette smoke increases the risk of heart attack and other heart problems. Cigarette smoke also damages blood vessels, interfering with blood circulation, and increases the risk of blood clots. Therefore, in each restaurants have to apply smoking ban. Because every restaurants have to maintain the cleanliness and hygienic of each foods and drinks. Because food that does not hygienic or clean will cause diseases for each consumers who come to those restaurants. For the last, I agree with smoking ban in a restaurant. It is kind of important thing that restaurants can do.


Some of the richest people in Indonesia come from cigarettes factories. That's not the one. But the most income for Indonesia also comes from cigarettes factories' tax. But, is smoking is important for Indonesia? Actually no, especially smoking in the public place can be considered as a murdering. There is a lot of disease which can be caused by smoking. Neither smoking directly nor indirectly is not good for healthy. One of the public places which must be smoking banned is restaurant. As we know, restaurant is a place where we eat some food and smoking is not healthy. Usually, cigarettes' smokes enter human body from its respiration organ. But when we are eating there is a chance cigarettes' smokes enter our body from our mouth which will continue to our digestive system. It will be more dangerous. Because the smoke enter our body from two way, nose and mouth. And we also know that smoke can make cancer. It means we can have lungs cancer and digestive system cancer in the same times if there is a smoker in the restaurant. According to those facts, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Indonesia. It is the most income for Indonesia but it also brings a lot of disadvantage such as disease. Not only for the restaurant, but also in the other public places must ban smoking.


Yes, I think the government should ban smoking at all restaurants in the country. Because, smoking is not good for customers, and that is not good for employees as well. Cigarette smoke may interfere with the convenience of those who do not smoke. It is also very repulsive to other people who are closed by the smoker. Cigarette smoke contains hundreds of toxic chemicals including arsenic ammonia, hydrogen cyanade, formaldehyde, benzene, and vinyl chloride. It is known to cause cancer, coronary heart desease, and respiratory problems. The greatest risk in passive smokers, because they are most widely smoke inhalation rather than the smoker. Non smokers should not be subject to such a disgusting habit, because this is very dangerous as like explained above. Want to ban smooking in public places especially in the restaurant is not about depriving the rights of the smoker. Smoker will still have the right to smoke in their own space. The right to harm another person slowly and delibrately never be perceived of us. The smoker should have more respect for people who do not smoke, I guess. So, smoke from cigarettes smoked by the smokers is not inhaled by non smokers. We have to keep healthy each other, I guess.


Smoking in restaurants is very disturbing, especially for those annoying guests who were enjoying dinner meal. Smoking is said to be very disturbing because of the smoke generated from cigarettes is disturbing to health. Smoke also causes pollution caused to other visitors who come to the restaurant. For that to all restaurant owners are encouraged to establish or build a separate room for smokers. The room was usually called ""Smoking area"" where it has a place of exchange of air, so the smoke generated by the smoker can be immediately replaced with new air. Actually cigarettes have nicotine and tar content is very high, so are called upon to all levels of society to reduce the emphasis on the impact of cigarette wherever located Smoking in restaurants is very disturbing, especially for those annoying guests who were enjoying dinner meal. Smoking is said to be very disturbing because of the smoke generated from cigarettes is disturbing to health. Smoke also causes pollution caused to other visitors who come to the restaurant. For that to all restaurant owners are encouraged to establish or build a separate room for smokers. The room was usually called ""Smoking area"" where it has a place of exchange of air, so the smoke generated by the smoker can be immediately replaced with new air. Actually cigarettes have nicotine and tar content is very high, so are called upon to all levels of society to reduce the emphasis on the impact of cigarette wherever located.


It is true that smoking is being a habit for many people nowadays. Men, women, old people, teens, executives, suburban, and even a 4 year boy (as seen on TV / newspaper few time ago) are enjoy to smoking. People who do smoking called active smokers. They breathe about 20% of smoke that they produce when smoking. Passive smokers, the people who do not smoking and be around the active smoker, breathe 80% of smoke that active smokers produce. Smoking is bad for us. I am not just talking about health. We already knew that smoking can cause many disease such as cancer, impotency, and also bad for pregnancy. In my opinion, smoking is just like burning your money. You buy cigarettes and burn it for nothing. Smoking is also wasting time. Well, I admitted that not all people like to do nothing but smoking to spend their time, but this habit is also popular. Some of them do their activity while smoking. This is also not good since they can affect passive smokers around them. Restaurant is one of popular public places. Nice place to spend time with family and friend. It will be many people there. Imagine if there are smoke around you while you talking, eating, and enjoying your beverages. Breathing such poisoned smoke while you wanted to relax. It is just uncomfortable and bad for many people health. In conclusion, I agreed that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. For many reasons, smoking may be good for the smokers themselves, but more reasons about smoking's side effect should make us realize that smoking is a bad habit.


Surrounding environment is not healthy anymore, be it water, weather, etc. The development of motor vehicles was fast enough. Also add water pollution around us plus the pollution from cigarette smoke. Speaking cigarette that problem occurs pros cons how best way to reduce health problems from smoking. Cigarettes are not only harmful to people who suck but also threaten the health of people who inhaling the smoke more known with the term passive smoking. Many say passive smoking is far more threatened than active smokers. Current health government therefore emphasizes how we can reduce pollution due to cigarette smoke by banning smoking in public places such as restaurants, malls etc.. Ban smoking in public places is very appropriate because the government encouraged cigarette smoke not only harm the health of people who suck but also for the convenience of people in the surrounding and environment. People who come to the restaurant must be told not to smoke so that they not harm other customers who are eating in the restaurant. Several danger of smoking include lung cancer, impotency, heart disease and still many others. So I agree that restaurant must not allow customers to smoke while they are in the restaurant.


Smoking is unhealthy for our body. Not only for the smokers, but also people who smell the smokes. Smoking causes people becoming addict. Smoking can also kill people slowly. Smoking has been banned in public areas such as toilets, town parks, shopping malls, restaurants, airports and bus terminals. Smoking has been tried by not only adult people, but also teenagers. I agree with the statement which says Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Why? Because restaurants are places that many people come to eat. People do not eat smokes, they eat food. Smokes can cause lung cancer which is a silent killer. Babies can get lung cancer if they smell smokes for a long time. In my opinion, smoking in public areas such as restaurant can cause people angry. The people feel uncomfortable because of smokes. Even the restaurant has ACs to clean the air, the ACs cannot clean smokes. Mostly, smokers do not care people around them. Several restaurants have places for smoking areas but it is not used. The smokers do not use the places to smoke. In conclusion, smoking must be banned before it is too late. Not only causing lung cancer, but also causing people becoming addict.


I don't think if smoking is a good and healthy habits. In fact, there are many dangers and losses caused by this simple habit. If we think deeper, we will not even find the slightest benefit from smoking. In our daily life, cigarettes have blinded the eyes of many people with the pleasures that only a moment. Even worse, today's cigarette had threatened the life of teenagers who should not be friends with cigarettes. Smoking will only reduce the capacity of human life. However, people who smoke as though ignorant of the danger. They think smoking is a loyal friend who is very entertaining. Cigarettes can damage important parts of our body, slowly but surely and in the end, will only lead to death. Not only are active smokers who feel the impact but also the people who always inadvertently inhaling cigarette smoke or called passive smoking. Cigarette smoke is inhaled in large quantities by passive smoking can also damage their organs even more severe than active smokers because cigarette smoke is actually more dangerous than the cigarette itself. Just imagine if in a family there are children who often inhaling cigarette smoke from their father, who is often smoked in home. It would be very endanger the children's health. Many things that we can do to save people from the dangers of cigarettes. Starting from the smallest things that just good but very affecting. For active smokers, start from yourself who wish to no longer touch the cigarette and looking more healthy habits. In addition, those of us who do not smoke, we should avoid or do not stay in one room together with people who are smoking so we do not inhale the cigarette smoke.


Smoking is something that has a lot of disadvantage, especially for our health. Its smoke damaged our important part of our body, which causes a serious disease like lung cancer. Other than that, to buy a cigarette they will need money, Smoking is also addictive, and for the first time try people will sure try it again because smoking makes them feel happy and relaxed. In a public place smokers must respect the others that not smoke, by not smoking near them and smoking outside the place. For example in restaurants, the customer target was a whole family that contains parents and children, also their purpose in a restaurant is to eat something or drink something. Talking about food, food must be hygiene to be served and the area must be free from pollution, so the customer will be satisfied with the environment and they can enjoy their food. If in a restaurant there are people who smoke some of the customer that not smokes will complain to the manager. Some restaurants have the special separated place for smokers and not, so the people who are not smokers can enjoy their meal without worrying to smell the smoke from the other table. But that didn't solve the problem a lot, smoke is a gas that can move freely in the room, so it will disturb other people in that restaurant. So it is important to completely ban to smoke at the restaurants. Because, smokers will disturb others who didn't smoke, they can't enjoy their food because they are not comfortable in the place full of smoke.


Restaurants is placed everywhere in the world. Busy lifestyles force us to make restaurants do their job properly. Sometimes people don't have time to cook and prefer eat at restaurants. Or maybe they just want to explore new taste of food. There's no doubt that restaurants become our need. Restaurants in the country become people's favorite public places. But too many people who don't understand about ethics in public places. They often smoke while others are eating. As we all know, become passive smokers are more dangerous than active smokers. Many researches have proved that. Passive smoking is the inhalation of smoke, called secondhand smoke or environmental tobacco smoke, from tobacco products used by others (Wikipedia). By inhale tobacco smoke, passive smokers may have cancer risk of heart disease, lung problems, cognitive impairment and dementia. To children, tobacco smoke is more dangerous. It causes sudden infant death syndrome, asthma, allergies, and more disease. That's why government must take serious step about this. Restaurants are totally public places. Everyone goes to restaurants. It may infect many children in the country. Who will continue our country life without them? Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Let's save our children. Let's save our mother earth. Let's save people who's dying become of smokers.


In my opinion smoking should definitely be banned in public places as it not only has deleterious effects on the non smokers present there but also may cause allergic coughing to many people, especially in the restaurant, it is not good if a meal to inhale cigarette smoke. Besides annoying people who were eating, also can damage the health of yourself and others who breathe it. Besides, many youngsters are fascinated by the act of smoking and try to imitate it which may later develop into a habit. Smoke which arises when a person smokes a cigarette, or cigar is more hazardous to a passive smoker who inhales the smoke being in close vicinity of the active smoker. The smoke being inhaled by the former is unfiltered thereby causing more ill effects. Several pulmonary diseases such as cough, bronchitis, asthma and last but not the least carcinoma of lungs may occur as a consequence of smoking. Even the advocates of smoking in public areas disapprove of the practice when it comes to their offsprings. Witnessing the elders smoking kindles similar desire in a youngster thereby giving birth to a new generation of smokers. To avoid these evils of smoking and ensure a healthy platform for the youth it is not only our duty but need of the day to condemn such practices if not completely then at least socially.


I agree and also disagree. Why?? Because for information, cigarettes company in our are one of the largest income for the country and the cigarettes company have a lot of employees, if the country choose to banned or shut down their business will bring quite big effect for the country economic and the safety to. Because if the country choose to shut down them, where all of the employees should go to look for a new job to support their financial live and also how the country economic can face it. But in the other condition, smoking is not a healthy habit to for the people. But to stop all the smokers in our country is not an easy way to do. Because almost every single step we do everyday, we can see almost all of the community hold the cigarettes and lighter to light up their cigars. And the other fact that we already knew. Smokers can be divided into 2 categories, the first is one is the active smokers they are the real smokers and the second one is the passive smokers they are the people who want or don't want if they stay near with the smokers, they must inhale the smoke that came from the active smokers. On the other hand, pity for the people who are not really a smoker. They must inhale the unhealthy smoke that came from the active smokers. This is an unfair condition, but in fact that's what happen in the community life here.


Smoking has become a lifestyle for most men even some women today. Not only adults, but teenagers also smoke in their early age. There are three main factor that cause young people smoke which are environment, prestige, and sensation. Firstly, they smoke because they are doing what everybody is doing. By seeing their parent and friends smoking, teenagers think that smoking is a common lifestyle. They don't realize that inhaling smoke causes damage to their respiratory system and may cause various respiratory diseases, such as TBC, and bronchitis. Secondly, they smoke because of prestige. One's friend won't approve a boy as a gentleman if he does not smoke. Smoking has been a requirement so that one can be called mature and becomes a man. Last of all, they smoke because smoking brings certain sensation such as relaxation, and enjoyment. They smoke several times and they found it was fun. Later on, they get addicted to it and cannot live without smoking. I conclude that smoking has been a lifestyle to young people because it is done by many people, it brings prestige to the smokers, and it brings certain sensations. Having said that, in my opinion smoking should be banned at all public places including restaurants.


Smoking becomes one of thing that is needed by not only man but also woman to stimulus them in getting higher stamina. Although they know about effects certainly some disease will be occurred if it is consumed continually such as: getting cancer, heart attack, impotent, pregnant disturbance and others dangerous illnesses. But they are still tempted to suck the cigarettes. Actually the one who get big loss is passive smoker the people who inhale a smoke produced by active smoker when having the cigarettes. Many of them never realize the dangerous effect and they seem like never care about the problem moreover smokers burn the rolled leaf everywhere they want. Based on the condition, nowadays government gives new policy about the problem. Active smokers are not allowed to do smoking in a public. But most of them do not care about the rule. The public place is mostly looked smoking activity is at a restaurant. Many of smokers opine that there will be nice sensation if they consume it after eating a meal while drinking a cup of coffee. Nevertheless many of passive smokers use the same restaurant, they still enjoy with the sensation of having cigarette. The situation makes many people argue that government has to ban smoking in the restaurant. I don't agree with the argumentation with the reason of human right. And I offer the best way to solve the problem by providing a room that is specialized for smokers to smoke the cigarette.


To begin with, I disagree with this statement, because we must look around the design of the restaurant. If it is in the outdoor, we should not to banned the smokers, than if it in the indoor with air conditioner inside, the smokers must be respect to other guest and smoking at the outside. But, there is many restaurant in Indonesia that the design is indoor with air conditioner inside the room, but there is a sign "smoking room" that means that room is free to smokers to smoking. But, maybe I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country, because must be there is special room to smoking like smoking room and there is a sign that not able to smoking to this room, so the smokers that wants to smoking will not smoking in there but in the smoking room. At least smoking is not good to our health, smoking is can make our lung broken, smoking can cause many diseases an makes heart attack, impotency. It can make passive smokers feel dizzy and not comfort to eat in that restaurant. The smoke of the cigarettes is not good for the people in the restaurant who are enjoying their meals. From the reason above, smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country.


Nowadays, the increasing of smoker amount is becoming our vital problem. Even smoking can cause a lot of disadvantages, they still won't stop smoking. As everybody has known, by smoking, it can cause a lot of healthy problems, like cancer, the change of your teeth color, impotent, and much more. It also can affect the passive smoker ones. Only by breathing the smoke, we have the same chance like an active smoker to have a healthy problem. Then what we can do as a passive smoker to prevent it? What we can only do is hoping the government will make a rule that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. It can help us so we can breathe the fresh air even though only in restaurant. At least, we can have a meal without smoke around the restaurant atmosphere. In some cases, smokers are still around. If that happens, we might ask the smoker not to smoke at that time or we go to another place that has no smoker in it. To conclude this essay, I restate that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. It is because not every people smoke and not every people like being around the smoker.


Smoking should not be banned in restaurants in a country. It is very difficult to ban smoking especially in Indonesia where the most income come from cigarette's taxes. Smoking has become a habit for people. Since it is impossible to ban smoking in restaurants, I will propose an alternative solution for overcoming smoking. First of all, the government can make the law of providing smoking rooms. Restaurants must provide smoking rooms for the smokers. This is important for both the customers and the restaurants. The customers who want a free smoking area will not be disturbed by the smokers and the smoke of the cigarettes itself. It also helps reducing the number of passive smokers. on the side of the restaurants, the customer will still enjoy the service and will not be annoyed also. Thus, it will bring advantages for the customers and the restaurants. Secondly, the government may increase the taxes got from the cigarette companies. By increasing the taxes, the government will have more money to provide smoking rooms in public places. For example, in smoking rooms can be built in the pedestrian area. People are not allowed to smoke in open air, so the government must provide smoking rooms built with the money they get from the taxes. It is the responsibility of the government. Finally, the government can also do seminars of smoking. As I said before, it is impossible to stop people from smoking. However, we can still save our next generation by reminding them that smoking is unhealthy. As a form of reminder, government can conduct conferences or seminars related to the bad effects of smoking. The target of this event is not only children and teenagers. Working people, parents, and even smokers can still be persuaded to avoid and stop smoking.


Smoking is a habits of many people in the world. It is a bad habits, because suck a cigarette can cause many damage for the body. Cigarette consist of toxic matter, like nicotine ; tar ; and the other toxic matter. We know that a cigarette is disadvantage for us. It can cause bad impact for the body like Impotent, lung cancer, pregnant disturbance, any other. Smoking is not only can damage for the active sucker but also for the passive sucker. The passive sucker also can be impact from the active sucker because the smoke spread out everywhere. Now, the government provide area for the smoker. For example in the public area like terminal, station, airport, etc. Although the government provide smoking area, many people still smoking not in the smoking area. Smoking in the restaurant should not be banned, but in the restaurant should be announced in everywhere like giving warning board for example : "No smoking in this area". The announcement must be given in the right place in the restaurant like in the door or in the wall. Then a consumer can see that in the restaurant must be aware if want to smoking.


We know that smoking is always banned in all of the place actually. Why? Because it has many bad risks for all of the aspects of our life, even though in the restaurant area in this country. And I think it is done properly. Restaurant is a place where the people want to enjoy their meals with their family, brother or sister, friends, etc. without some interruptions, just like there are much smokes in their room. Because in the restaurant it self there are many people, not only the people who like smoking. Furthermore, we can see what the bad risks of smoking are. For the passive smoker or called secondhand smoke (SHS) has the same bad risks as the directly smoker, that are lung cancer, heart attack because it interrupts the circulatory system, fetus interruption, and etc. So we can imagine it, it will very interrupt if it is done in the restaurant area. The visitors restaurant could not enjoy their meals for their healthy because they smoke passively from the directly smoker, even one people. So for the restaurant managements have to make some regulations for this thing. For example, they can make a poster which written "No Smoking", or prepare a smoking room for the directly smokers. Because it will give many more bad effects for the healthy than the advantages.


How About Smoking in Restaurant? People used to not smoking at the restaurant. Because restaurant is the place for people to eat or have their meals. We want to all delicious dishes but annoyed by smoker. Actually smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Smoking cause heart attack, impotency, cancer, disorder pregnancy, and many other causes. Maybe they do not know the smoking effect so they keep smoking (or they possibly know but act as if don't know). Most of the smoker don't care with other people. Don't stay cool and don't want to know that they make many people die faster because of their s smoke. But smoking is one of the man's habit 5 years later I think. It is too hard to stop it. We can't say forbid for the smoker to enter the restaurant. If we use that method, our restaurant bankrupt under two month. Because almost people are smoking now. But, that is one way to solve it. We can use no smoking sign in some place only, but we must give smoking area. That used in restaurant. Almost all restaurant in this country. They have no smoking and smoking area. That is really useful. Make no smoking people feel better and can eat comfortable.


According to research that the cigarettes have many chemical substances that cause carsinogen. Examples of chemical are nicotine, tar, and etc. That substances can give bad risk like cancer disease and the other lung disease. That substances can affected in our health. I am agree if the smokers banned to smoke at all restaurant in the country. Because many smoke that produced by cigarettes, and the smoke which contained by small toxicity particle can disturb activity all people in around there. In there include old people, young people, and child. It is very dangerous to because all people in around there will get higher precentage to received cancer disease and the other lung disease. Restaurant must be kept away of smoke. The restaurant should completed by smoking area. So, the smokers also have a special place to smoking without give bad impact to other people. The government must solve that problem. Government must make a rule for all of smokers to do not smoking in public area. Government must give some punishment for people that is not apply this rule. Government must make a rule with the goal is reduce a high rate of smokers growth. Government also often give a learn about disadvantages of smoking for young people, and anyone. So, they can change their lifestyle be better. This hope will becomes a reality, if the government, society, and individual cooperate together to through the change be better.


Secondhand smoke contains hundreds of toxic chemicals including arsenic ammonia, hydrogen cyanide, formaldehyde, benzene, and vinyl chloride. It is known to cause cancer, coronary heart disease, and respiratory problems. There is no risk free level of exposure to secondhand smoke. i agree if all restaurant should be completely banned for smoking. Besides it if the restaurant not application for example in the pub discotheque it impossible for application this rule so in the conclusion it better the pub give smoking area in this area so not missing human right for active smoking and not give suffer a loss for passive smoking because effect for passive smoking it more dangerous than active smoking However individuals who smoke should realize that smoking in public places can be a source of great inconvenience to people who are around. Hence it is imperative that they should refrain from smoking in places where others are present. It is the only way to deal with passive smoking in an effective manner. Parents who smoke at home should be aware of the consequences that their action can have on their children, and so should not smoke in front of them. In conclusion, my opinion is smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country and all the public places too.


Smoking is an activity that is very difficult to be in residence by a smoker. I personally do not believe that smoking is good for health. Common efforts to stop smoking is often less effective. And even more bizarre, smoking cessation is often produced results just the opposite, actually strengthens the habit of smoking. Regarding smoking in public places should be completely prohibited, such as restaurants, I strongly agree because smoking in public places will lead to people who do not participate will be exposed to smoking negative effects of cigarette smoke such as respiratory disease and also interfere with the comfort of public places. Even smokers already know what the impact of smoking such as cancer and heart disease and respiratory disease but still smoke, it's good if you are the smokers want to smoke in public places should use the places that already provide the government such as a room for smoking, it's good to smokers, to get out and make a deal with smokers and smoking is in a place that has provided this is also to maintain clean air enjoyed by non smokers. That's better, more thoughtful, and fair, instead of demanding others to get out of a dependency that is difficult on the left.


I agree if smoking at all restaurant and other public facilities banned. Because smoking is not good for our health. Besides that, this activity also can disturb other people. For example if you in the restaurant and there is someone or some people smoking beside of you, I think you will be disturbing. Secondhand smoke contains hundreds of toxic that very dangerous for our health. Like toxic chemicals including arsenic ammonia, hydrogen cyanide, formaldehyde and many others toxic. There are many disease caused from smoking activity, there are lung cancer, cardiovascular, bronchitis, and asthma. Bans on smoking in restaurants can substantially improve the air quality. If smoking will not banned, I think the air quality in the word will so bad. Laws implementing bans on indoor smoking have been introduced by many countries in various forms over the years, with some legislators citing scientific evidence that show tobacco smoking is harmful to the smoker themselves and to those inhaling. Our government is also bans smoking in our country. Such as make wanted in the package of cigarette. That wanted contains if smoking can causing some disease such as lung cancer, cardiovascular, bronchitis, and asthma. But that wanted is not useful, because some of Indonesian people don't know about the dangerous of smoking. Additional rationales for smoking restrictions included reduced risk of fire in areas with explosive and flammable hazard, cleanliness in places where food, pharmaceuticals, semiconductors and other flammable things.


Smoking gives a lot of disadvantages, not only for the smoker, but also others around smoker. Why? Because we all know cigarettes made from ingredients harmful to health, for example, nicotine is highly damaging to the lungs and cause addicted black sediment. This addiction will make people who once smoked continued to smoke and cannot stop it. For people around cigarette smoke from the air and inhaled into the lungs, inside the lungs is bound by the alveoli, which causes black sludge that is often dry cough, if left too long it will be serious consequences especially for women who are pregnant. It would be a bad impact on the baby conceived. Smoker more susceptible to heart because the circulatory system is not smooth. Indeed, in Indonesia's largest cigarette including commodities and the largest revenue to the state because many kinds of cigarettes are produced. To be sold into the market, these cigarettes have no permit from customs duty. Not only that, the cigarette factory itself is very integrated with the life of the workers, one factory of cigarette have one thousand workers. If the cigarette factory was closed for health, the consequence is the accumulation of more and more employment. Cigarette factory is also very beneficial for academic or non academic. Those provide scholarships for students who excel and the best athletes this country. Where they will develop if cigarette factory enclosed. Many events in Indonesia supported by cigarettes In essence it is impossible to ban people from smoking and smoker should care about the people around who do not smoke.


Smoking is not a good attitude in this life. First, it can harm your health and other people health. Since there is some component that becomes a toxic to our body, smoking is not a good thing. First you start smoking you have been planted cancer seeds in your body. The effect maybe cannot be seen now but it can be seen in the future. You will hard to breathe, become tired quickly after you walk or run or do some exercises. Besides, it also can harm other people health. The smog of your cigarette is more dangerous than the cigarette itself. The smog can give the same impact to other people even though that people never touch or use cigarette. The smog can cover and make the lung dirty or sometime it can also cause lung cancer. Then, smoking is not good example to children. Some of the children will start smoking and they will come with reason base on their parents or brothers who also smoking. They will imitate what their close relatives do including smoking. It will give them a bad attitude and example for their future because once they start smoking they will face the difficulties to run from it. For smokers do not harm yourself and another people around you, even though it is only a small thing but it can give a big bad effect in your future, in our future. So, say no to cigarette from now and live healthy.


I hate smokers. Smokers and its smoke are horrible. I do have my own reasons as the foundation from my opinion. I am a biotechnology student, and I know what is inside the cigarette itself. I am reluctant to imagine that smoke is entering my body and interrupt the whole system inside because cigarette smoke contains four thousand chemical compounds, 200 of them are poisonous which 43 of of them triggers cancer. There are two categories of secondhand smoke. First, the mainstream smoke, the smoke that comes out from the mouth of the smoker, after previously smoked and passed through the lungs of the smoker. Second, the sidestream smoke, the smoke that rises from the base of the cigarette before it is runs out. The toxic chemicals from the smoke of this type are more harmful than mainstream smoke. The sidestream smoke contains carbon monoxide five times greater than the mainstream smoke. Carbon monoxide itself, as we know, is a toxic gas that is quite effective in crippling the ability of blood to absorb oxygen. That's just one of many effects that can be caused by cigarette smoke for active and passive smokers. Imagine if you as non smokers are affected because of irresponsible people who smoke selfishly. That is why smokers should be banned completely not only at the restaurant, but also in other public places.


I think smoking shouldn't be banned at all restaurants in the country because it can disturb another customer who having a lunch or a dinner in that restaurant but is very hard way if you want to banned smoking. It is very impossible if you banned the people who smoke because now days the cigarette company is the biggest company in Indonesia and in the some of the country. They have very big a career opportunities so if you banned smoking it's means that your country have a big unemployed degree because like I said before that the cigarette company is one of big company in my country. So If you are a good people I think you should go to the outside of the restaurant and find a place where you can smoke without another people feel disturbed because we all know that the people who inhale a residual smoke from the smoker who called passive smoke is more dangerous than the own smoker. I think In every country if the people have a self aware it's means that smoking shouldn't be banned in all of country. The way to get a self aware from the people who smoke is tell to the smoker how dangerous if they are smoking between crowd people.


I am not very agree with statement that smoking should be banned at all restaurant. There are some reason why people agree and disagree about this Reason why they agree, because we all know that cigarette contains many dangerous chemical like tar nicotine and many more. That is make smoking have very bad effect for our body. Reason two passive smoking, passive smoking means condition when we are indirectly smoking cause someone else smoking near us. Passive smoking have more risk to get cancer or eve death than active smoking. So many people agree that smoking was banned to all restaurant because many people became a passive smoking. Reason three makes some people lost their passion to eat. Because some people dislike smell from cigarette's smoke. Reason why they are not agree. Reason one cause there are so many smoker on this country. If we banned at all restaurant, that can cause restaurant lost many of their customer. Reason two, cigarette have a very high tax that means cigarette was a most valuable Indonesian devisa. And last reason that if we banned smoking that can makes many people very angry about this. So I think I am not very agree with this statement. I think we can makes other way that did not have a big risk at least do not have many pro con. There some way, like elite restaurant have a new kind of cigarette that was sheesa (I am not sure about this spell) sheesa can are not have bad effect to our body and do not have a bad effect for other people.


Smoking is an action of taking deep breath from a cigar and exhales it. Smoking is kind of relaxing for some people. But it really annoys the non smoker people if there are smokers beside them. In the first time when cigarette smoking was invented, people only smoke to make their body's temperature normal in the snowy place. It doesn't matter as long as smoke is not your daily needs. But, now many people smokes just to look cool, not to its function. Smoking also has many disadvantages. Some of them are that smoking may cause heart attack, stroke, impotency, pregnancy disorder, mentality/physically disorder for the babies, and many more. Smoking is also increase the spending for all heavy smokers. Imagine that a heavy smoker smokes 2 pack of cigarette a day. For example, a pack of cigarette costs around $4. So, their spending for a day is $8. In a month they spend $240 only for smoking. It is around 2 million rupiahs. In a year, they already spend $3600; it is around 36 million rupiahs. It was very costly. In the other hand, passive smoker that doesn't smoke also gets disadvantages from smokers. The risk of getting the heart attack and other disorder is higher than the smoker itself because their body doesn't have a tolerance for the dangerous component of the cigar. As a conclusion, I agree that smoking should be banned because the disadvantages are too many and it also attacks other people.


Smoking at public zones not yet become a big issue. But now these topic is become a big issue related to human right. People believe that smoking at public zones such as at restaurants can disturb other unsmoker people to become passive smoker. They believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Many reasons are considerate for smoking banned at all the restaurants in the country and public zones in general. First reason is human right. People believe that smoking at public zones is include in human right problem. Smoking at public zones can disturb unsmoker people to become passive smoker that very dangerous in health. There are facts that passive smoker is more dangerous than active smoker. So that people believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants and other public zones in the country. Other reasons is health problem. As explained before, passive smoker is more danger than active smoker. It because danger materials which inhaled by passive smoker is more complex. So that passive smoker get more health risk. It make sure that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In conclusion, with several reasons, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants and other public zones in the country. Government should make the law related to the problem.


Smoking are very popular these days. Adults are used to smokes, everywhere and anytime. Sometimes they smoke just because their habit and become addicted, even they smoke at restaurants. In my opinion, smoke should completely banned at restaurants. What factors are influencing for this banning? It is because it can bother other customers, for instance children and women. In the restaurant, there are not only smokers, but also family. Maybe they are going to the restaurant with family, with their children and wife. When they smoke at restaurant, it can bother his wife, and the other customers that don't like smoke. Of course we all know that passive smokers (they who breathe the smoker's smoke by accident) have a higher risk of getting various disease than the active smoker(the smokers). So, when we smoke in a public place, especially in restaurant, we make other customers getting worse. People says that smoke is only for the adults. Yes, we all agree about that. However, in restaurant, there are children too. How can they smoke with children in front of them? This could lead that child looks smoking is cool, and looks very adult, then they do it. This is really a great threat, because we don't want our kids to get sick, because the wrong habit. This is not the child's fault, but the smokers. We have to prevent our child for smoking, at least until they know the risk of it. For conclusion, we should really banned smoking in the restaurant completely. We can try it by giving a suggestion to the smokers to smoke outside. By this small effort, you have one great step to give your child a better future.


At present, the smoke is not unusual. In every country of cigarettes is a very good already at the meet. A variety of shapes, types, sizes, materials, prices, etc. In fact, cigarettes are very harmful to health, have been many studies that prove that the cigarettes are addictive substances that can cause cancer, heart disease, respiratory diseases, digestive diseases, and adverse effects to give birth. Therefore, many restrictions on smoking, for example in restaurants, malls, hospitals, etc. I agree with the statement that smoking in public places such as restaurants are prohibited. Because the restaurant is a gathering place for all people from children to the elderly and even babies could also be there if there are families who brought her baby. It may not be a problem for the smoker but what about the people around him. People who are passive smokers certainly more dangerous. Therefore, if the restaurant wants to allow people to smoke in there, there should be a special place in its own right for the smokers. Probably still in a restaurant but there is a separate room as the room smoking. The government should resolute to give the sanction if that place collide, for example the restaurant will pay fines. Research also reveals the dangers of cigarette smoke on biological and chemical aspects of the human body. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned. Research says passive smokers is more harmful than active smokers. People would not feel comfortable if there is eating and near with smoker. And should be a cigarette factory too good to closed. People will get used to not smoking in public places and the longer it will reduce smoking.


Smoking has made many problems. It has no benefit at all. But many people still like and love smoking, though it has no positive effect at all. Smoking make many disease for them who love smoking, like lung cancer, and many others. Smoking also disturb the others who are close to the smoker. They can have a same disease like the smoker, even it will more complex than the smoker. They called passive smokers. The passive smokers will fell very disturbed by the smoke, especially for them who sensitive to the smoke, they can feel pain and breathless. So that, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Moreover, smoking should be completely banned at all public place, not only at restaurant. Where many people are, smoking should be forbidden because it is very disturbing others. But it specialize at restaurant, because restaurant is the place for eating and it will so bad even if just one person smokes there. Smoke can disturb our respiration, so we cannot enjoy our food for sure. It is why smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Nowadays, there are many rooms which is specially built for the smoker. That room can be found at many places, like malls, airports, and many other public places. By this room, it will minimize the disturbance of smoke for passive smoker, and also make the smoker will feel free to smoke. Although there is some people who are lazy to go to that room. So that, it is good if the government apply the rules for smoking and the penalties for them who break that rules.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant ? For this title. I don't need to think a lot to share my opinion, I absolutely without any doubt agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant. Smoking as we know is very dangerous activity that will affect in long period time. The cigarette producers also put the bad benefits that is contained in cigarette. From that we know that smoking is a dangerous activity. Now I'll talk about smoking in the restaurant. First, not all the restaurants visitors are smokers. In the restaurant there are so many people from many ages. From adult to old age peoples. So, I think that smoking should be banned. Because the smoke from cigarettes will produces bad side effects from people that don't smoke, so they can be the victim of smoking. They can cough, hard to breath, etc. The air condition will be not fresh again and it'll disturb the air flow in the room. With all the uncomfortable things than can caused by smoking, banned smoking will be the very best way. But if it's not possible than the restaurant must create a smoking area for the smokers visitor, so they'll not disturb people who don't smoke


I strongly agree that smoking should be banned not only in a restaurant but all places especially the public one. Besides it is not good for health, it may disturb other persons who don't smoke. Lots of smokers does not care about their surrounding, they smoke wherever they wanted to without care how much people are bother with it or not. In restaurants and cafes, there are lots smokers disturbs other customer who does not smoke, as a reason, lots of non smokers complaint and decrease their oftenest going to restaurants and cafes where lots of smokers will be there. If restaurants and café do not prohibit it, they will lose lots of customer. Although restaurants or cafes separate the smoking and non smoking room, it still may bother. Restaurant which does not have a smokers tend to look clean and not messy, it will invite more customer than usual. If restaurants do not want to lose both smokers and non smokers customer they should provide a special outdoor room for the smokers, so that both the customer feels comfortable with the environment of the restaurants and café. For example, in Singapore, there are some restaurants that have a special place for smoking. It would be pleased for smokers to smoke freely.


I definitely agree that smoking should be banned in all public areas, such as restaurants, malls, etc. It's because the smoke from the cigarettes can cause the inconvenience, bad smell, and health problems to the other people around the smokers. First of all, the smoking habit in public areas can cause the inconvenience for other people. The smoke from the cigarettes and which the smokers exhale can make other people feel horrible when they inhale it. Besides, it is not such a great thing to be exposed by the smoke from the smokers continuously. Secondly, the smoke also can cause bad smell in our body. The smell of the smoke usually sticks in our body, hair, and clothes. It is not a good thing to keep sniffing the smell of the smoke all day long because we cannot change our clothes or take a bath immediately. Especially, if we only become the victims of the smokers' bad habits. The third reason is because the smoke can cause health problems. The smoke from cigarettes contains a lot of dangerous chemical substance. It is even more dangerous to people who directly inhale it, or we can say them as passive smokers. Though they do not smoke at all, but they have more chances to have serious disease, such as lung cancer. Because of the three reasons above, I believe that smoking should be banned in public areas. It is because the smoke from cigarettes can cause the inconvenience, bad smell, and also health problems to the other people around the smokers.


Smoking is useless activity. It just wastes time to do some thing. For example, we have time to do our task, but it wastes because we smoke for a moment. We throw much money to buy cigarette. We just enjoy that activity for the moment. Smoking does not give us anything. It can give us many problems, such as it can give us some diseases. It just wastes our money. Smoking can give us some diseases. There are many chemical materials in cigarette. It is very danger for our health. There are nicotine, tar, arsenic, and carbon monoxide. The diseases of cigarette are cancer, respiratory tract infections, osteoporosis, and asthma. It can make people die. Cigarette can break almost of our body. It can make stroke our body. Smoker can bother some people, especially when we are in the cafeteria or public area. It can make cough or sneeze. It is very disturb people, especially for passive smoker. The smoke can make people be angry. Even though, the government make role for smoker, but some people forbid that. Every restaurant has made room about smoker. They make that to protect passive smoker. So, the passive smoker can more health than active smoker.


I agree if smoking is totally banned in all restaurants in this country, I also agree if smoking is banned in all public places. Because cigarettes are toxic, poisonous to the smoker and people around him. In cigarettes contain of harmful substances such as nicotine, TAR, etc. These chemical substances can cause cancer, respiratory problems, impotence, etc. This is a disease that will suffer when smoking. More dangerous, active smokers inhale only 25% of these toxic substances while the passive smokers (people who inhale the cigarette smoke but not smokers) inhale the smoke exhaled breath of smokers activism and contain 75% of substances that poison. So people who around smokers who smoked more easily infected by diseases caused by smoking. It's means that smokers not only damaging himself but also to poison others. This is the evil cigarette, did not participate breathe but allowed to have negative impacts. For this reason I agree that in a public place should not be smoking. The smoker will only smoke spread poisonous to people occupy in the room he was, especially in the restaurant. All food will be injected toxins from cigarette smoke. So, the poison is not only enter through the respiratory system but also digestive system. Imagine how dangerous cigarette. Even cigarettes also contain opium that makes people can not get out of it easily. So that he will further poison the body of the smoker. Smoking is the right of every person but healthy also is the right of every person. For the two rights were not violated, then in every public place should be there is smoking room. So, smokers can still smoke without bothering others.


Air pollution issue is becoming popular in the media. This kind of pollution has a very broad area that includes smoke from cigarettes, smog from motorized transportation, smog from factories, and even waste of burning garbage. One solution which has been applied in several developed country regarding the smoke from cigarette is not to let people smoking at all restaurants all over the country. This law may seem to deny the freedom of human rights if people have a narrow point of view. People who disagree with this law must think too much about themselves that they can not see other's rights. It is true that the decision to smoke or not is up to the individual himself, but I doubt that those who decide to smoke realise that their decision has annoyed other's health. People who smoke generally have already known about the risk of smoking and they take it as a consequence once they do it. They do have a choice whether they take that risk or not, but what about others? Do they have a choice to inhale the smoke which produced by those who smoke? When this law enforced fully in all over the country, the healthy people may stay healthy. They may have their right to choose.


Many people have the habit of smoking cigarettes. They smoke at home, at the office, in public places like the station, the airport and also in the restaurants. They know smoking is a bad habit but they cannot stop it. They say they cannot think without smoking, they cannot work without smoking and they get a headache if they do not smoke. They do not care about others, people in their surroundings. Nowadays, there are many restaurants which allow their customers to smoke. It is because, the owners want to get as many customers as possible to gain the profit. However, not a few restaurants went bankrupt because of smokers. That is why there are two reason why smoking should be banned in restaurant. First of all, smoking harms people's health. Not only the smokers who will get the disadvantages, but also the people who is near the smoker. Their smoke can cause more harm to the non smokers rather than the smokers themselves. The smoke can cause heart disease, and many other diseases. Secondly, smoking causes air polution. There will be very little oxygen in that area, and it will make that room inconvinient. Those are the reason why smoking should be banned in restaurant.


I agree if smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country, because the smoke can make the passive people have a bader health than the active. Many doctors have launched that information long time ago. Nowadays, many restaurants have put no smoking icon at their places. This is for keep fresh air in the place. And for the smoking people, don't smoke near the passive. In some restaurant, they have some rooms for smoking people called smoking area, with good circulation air in the room, so the smoke cannot be breathed by the passive. And I think not at restaurant only that smoking should be banned, many public places have to ban smoking too. Like at the bank, airport, mall, and other public places. They have to preserve smoking area for the smoking people. And add some security men for keeping the place free of the smoking people. If they find some smoking people brake the rules, they can warning the people so the people cannot smoke again in the public places. The last trick we should do is put the danger of smoking can make us cancer poster at the public places, so the smoking people can think twice before they do smoke.


There are no healthy cigarette in this world. Every smokers die because of lung cancer or other tobacco related illness such as heart disease, emphysema, and bronchitis. Cigarettes contains many compounds that very toxic for our body. How can people especially young teenagers say that smoking is cool? Only stupid people can say that because they know that smoking is not good for their health but they still doing that. One day, they will regret it later because not only will you possibly die, but along with that they will get sick and wont be very pretty. Nails will turn brown, lips will turn black, etc. Why did they still smoke even they know that smoking is very bad for their health? Because millions of people are addicted to smoking, and thousands more become addicted every year. he reason why people get addicted to any type of tobacco product is because all tobacco products have nicotine in them, which is the addictive ingredient (American Thoracic Society). Every time a person smokes a cigarette or chews tobacco, that person ingests nicotine. So as you can see smoking is bad for you, your health and your appearance. And this is just some things that can happen. So if you want to be on oxygen or have tracheal tube for the rest of your life then that is your choice but for the people that want to stop smoking do something before it is too late.


Okay, now i want to write down an essay about smoking. But first, i have to tell you that my english is very bad. So, im sorry if i confused you with my word. :D There are no healthy cigarette in this world. Every smokers die bacause of lung cancer or other tobacco related illness such as heart disease, emphysema, and bronchitis. Cigarettes contains many compounds that very toxic for our body. How can people especially young teenagers say that smoking is cool? Only stupid people can say that because they know that smoking is not good for their health but they still doing that. One day, they will regret it later because not only will you possibly die, but along with that they will get sick and wont be very pretty. Nails will turn brown, lips will turn black, etc. Why did they still smoke even they know that smoking is very bad for their health? Because millions of people are addicted to smoking, and thousands more become addicted every year. he reason why people get addicted to any type of tobacco product is because all tobacco products have nicotine in them, which is the addictive ingredient (American Thoracic Society). Every time a person smokes a cigarette or chews tobacco, that person ingests nicotine. So as you can see smoking is bad for you, your health and your appearance. And this is just some things that can happen. So if you want to be on oxygen or have tracheal tube for the rest of your life then that s your choice but for the people that want to stop smoking do something before it s to late.


Many people still smoking even though they know that it is not good for health. They burn their cigarettes in many public places, including restaurants. They do not realize that their habit gives disadvantages to other people. Smoke of cigarettes is compounds of poison that can make people in the restaurants suffer from many diseases, such as lung cancer and pharynx infections. It can also reduce quality of the food and drink served there, because the smoke flies through the air and stick into the food. It is also impolite for us to smoke in front of other people who have their lunch. Further, it is easier for the people who have their lunch at a restaurant where other people smoke, to get disease from smoke than people who meet other people smoking at the bus stop, because usually when people have lunch or dinner, they open their mouth more frequently, so it is easier for the poisonous cigarette smoke to enter their body and start infect their lung cells. In my opinion, smoking should be banned, especially in the restaurants, because it disturbs others, make people unhealthy, make food served there become not good for health, and it has no specific benefit.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in this country, well I think smoking should not be completely banned in every single restaurants in this country. Because believe it or not I think more than 50 % (percents) of peoples (former residence) in this country still need some spaces for smoking. When smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants it will reduce their customers. It is better if all the restaurants still make some special room for smoking area for their customers. It will be good for the smokers, and also not seriously harmed for people around them (smokers). With this every customers that still need to smoke can do their activity, and customers that no need to smoke( not smoking one) can do their activity without feeling disturb for the customers that smoke in that restaurants. But as my experience, in other country that have growth so well in their economic in the world, Our neighbor, Singapore. We, smokers ( I am also a smokers !) do not have some or much space for our activity, smoking. In every single high and fabulous (magnificent) buildings that they have in their country, even flat for living, shopping centre, their giant hypermarket they do not provide smoking area in their buildings. We must go outside the buildings to do our activity. We are not allowed to smoke there, smoking seriously harmed. They also fine people that breaking that rules 1. 000 SGD.


I agree with the statement smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country. Why do i agree with this statement?. There are many reason why do I agree with this. As we know restaurant is a place to eat and there are many people come to restaurant to have lunch, dinner, or breakfast. Not only for one person. Smoking in the restaurant will disturb other people around the smoker. The people will not enjoy the food because they smell a smoke. A delicious food will be undelicious food because they are disturbed with the smoke. Beside that smoke make the restaurant room will not fresh and always smell smoke. Although the owner or waiters give fresh spray to the room, the smell of smoke still stay in the room. It will make the consumer who do not like smoking will lazy to come to the restaurant. Last reason is the effect of the smoke from the smoker. As we know smoke from smoker will give effect for people around the smoker not only for the smoker. Or we call passive smoker and active smoker. Passive smoker is a victim from active smoker. The effect from smoker is lung diseases, asthma, and cancer. So, if smoking still allow in all restaurant in the country I very disagree. It mean I agree with that statement.


Smoking is the act of inhaling and exhaling cigarette, tobacco, or other drugs. Based on the method of smoking, there are two types of smokers; the active smokers and passive smokers. Active smokers are those who smoke cigarette directly, while passive smokers are those who inhale smoke active smokers exhale. Researchers say that passive smokers' health could be damaged more than active smokers'. Children and pregnant women are two examples of passive smokers that are damaged the most. For children, it's because their organs, especially respiratory system, haven't developed well and relatively easy to get broken. Pregnant women should not be exposed to cigarette's smoke because they immediately affect the heart and blood circulation. In Indonesia, this sentence is printed on every cigarette pack as warning label: Smoking can cause cancer, heart attack, impotency, and problems during pregnancy as well as affects the health of the newborn. It should be clear that smoking is not good for our health. That's why the government should protect non smokers or passive smokers from smoke's damage. Maybe it's still too extreme to ban smoking in whole country, but at least, smoking should be banned in public areas such as malls and restaurants. Thus, government has declared rule that said smokers must smoke in a smoking room. Those who want to smoke while eating could sit in a special room designed for smokers or those who doesn't mind inhaling cigarette's smoke, whilst those who want to avoid the smoke sit in a non smoking room. But again, to fully protect our young generation from health degradation, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.


Smoking in any place, public places such as restaurants, malls, gas stations, or certain buildings there are actually rules that must be obeyed. Although there was no written or picture for smoking ban, we have to appreciate about all around us. Many restaurants that actually have unwritten rules not to smoke. Therefore, in many regions expect visitors to understand it. in addition to comfort those who are in the room, also there are things that can be dangerous. For example, material flammability in space, or people around who may be allergic to cigarette smoke. That's very disturbing comfort when eating at restaurants. Not to mention there are pregnant women, small children, or parents who did not hold the cigarette smoke. Besides not good for others, also in our own health. Start right cultural health of ourselves, keep clean by not throwing cigarette ends at any place you like because it is very likely to cause a fire. So life is a healthy beginning by reducing smoking. In order for our heart clean and healthy. Reduce periodic defects on the inside of our bodies and keep any content of our food. Since starting healthy habits that we make. Therefore I also support the idea of banning cigarette smoking at public places including the restaurant.


Restaurants are places where people enjoy their breakfast, lunch or dinner. A place where a person enjoy their time with their family, friends, or even business partner. They all come in a very good mood, wishing that they could eat something delicious and not feeling hungry anymore. But sometimes, it doesn't go well because they feel annoyed with the smoke from someone who is smoking nearby. For them who are used to the smoke, they will feel fine. But how about the person who don't like it at all and even get sick because of the smoke? In some restaurants, they have already parted non smoking place and smoking place, but some have not. Such restaurants will force their guests who don't like smoking to sit together with the other guests who like smoking. In Jakarta, smoking in public places have already being forbidden. But in other city, the rules haven't been applied. For example Surabaya. We still find so many restaurants with smoking guests everywhere. Such thing should be banned already. The smokes from cigarettes are harmful to others. It is more harmful to them who don't smoke at all than to them who smoke. Not only harmful, smokes from cigarettes can annoy other people. Sometimes it makes the others cough or even cannot breathe. Such conditions will make the restaurant less comfortable than it has to do. People will no longer find it comfortable and they will not want to come anymore. To anticipate such thing, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Or at least, the restaurants must provide a smoking room part from a non smoking room. Therefore it will no longer disturbed or annoyed anyone.


Smoking should be banned at all restaurant because a passive smoker will got a bigger chance to got disease. In a restaurant, we usually find a smoker and they just sitting in the room with their smoke filling that room. Many people in that room are passive smoker and in this situation an active smoker just one person while the passive smoker are many person. Indonesia has many smoker and it is impossible to make all places to become no smoking zone. Government had made a plan about smoking area to hold the smoke to go outside. But, this plan doesn't really works. Many smokers just smoking outside smoking area these days. And they make Indonesia hotter and hotter. Smoking can make the Global Warming goes faster and end this generation very fast. It's better to end smoking not just in Restaurant, it's better to end the smoke and help our world to be a better tomorrow for our generation and our children. Who will stop these if it's not us? Who will help our world if it's not us, it is our time to make a better world. Let's get these things done. Let's heal our world. For a better tomorrow.


I agree that smoking must be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants is a public place, there are many people there from kids to old people. It is also a place for eating, not for smoking. We do not know who are smokers there. Smoking is very dangerous for health, especially for passive smokers, three times more dangerous than active smokers. Smoke from active smoker contains dirtier ingredients than original smoke from the cigarette. It may cause cough, bronchitis, asthma, etc. So it is not fair to the passive smokers. But, prevent someone from smoking is not fair too, because smoking already become habit to active smoker. Some active smokers prefer smoking than eating. The owner of restaurants can make a smoking room. So, active smokers can smoke in that place and did not pity another people around them. I read from many media that passive smokers is really dangerous rather than active smokers. Somehow, passive smokers can get a mucus in their lungs. And it can be detected by x   ray general check up. So, better we need to protect ourself and priority other people health by not smoking everywhere or if not, the active smokers need to smoke in smoking rooms.


Smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country because can make other people mood about food lose. If some people lose their mood about food they can't eat their food normally. After that they will not come to that restaurant some day if they meet the smoker in that place. The other reason is because the smoker can make other people sick some day. In fact the other people whose breath the smoke from the smoker has a big chance to have sick because of smoke. The sick because of smoke is like cancer, impotent, infect the lung, and the other kind if sick. Usually the restaurant which have smoker is little people will come. Or only the smokers will come to that restaurant. Because usually people will get out from the smoker when they eat something. Usually if the smoker come to restaurant they just drink and not eat that reduce the income of the restaurant. To make the smoker will not come to the restaurant they must give some notice that say no smoking area. Or they can give some notice about how dangerous of the smoking and the effect to other people importantly if they eat in the restaurant.


Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. I am agree with this statement. We know in the cigarette there is many addictive material which one can made many diseases for our body. Smoking in public area not only danger for our smoker but also many people around them. Beside that, can make our lungs has many hole. Smoking is a tradition not only for Indonesian's people but also people in the world. I don't know why they have a bad daily activity like that. It is a government's homework about how to handling smokers to smoking in special area. If you smoking in public area it like you kill people around you. Because cigarette can make many disease and make a pollution. If you smoke in the restaurant, can make all of food can be contamination. Beside that, cigarette is a biggest donate for our country. If smoking should be banned, so this country has less income. If a cigarette factory is closed, society around that haven't a job. The cigarette factory must make some activity with our society for save our earth, for example plant the tree, clean up the garbage in the river and the sea, etc. So, the cigarette factory not only produce the cigarette but also save the earth. So smoking in the restaurant should be banned, the owner of the restaurant make a special area for all of smoker. So, at now smoker must stop smoking can be spent your money to benefit thing and make the air free pollution. So far as we know, now is global warming, we must save the earth from pollution. Because we know that if the earth has broken cause pollution, etc.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is not good for your health and others. In the restaurants, non smokers want to enjoy all their food to satisfy and eat for a good health of their body. Why should smokers bother them with their smoke? Research shows that 80% non smokers is easily to get sick than the smokers. We usually hear this "Smoking cause cancer, heart attack, impotent, fetal disorders of pregnancy". It is not good for health. With cooperation from restaurants in the country, we can decrease the bad effects of smoking. If the restaurants allow their guests to smoke, please make a smoking room so it will not disturb the other guests. I have some experience, my uncle is a very heavy smokers. By smoking all the times, his wife got a breast cancer and need to do some a surgery. First, it will waste a lot of money. Second, you do not want your family get hurts. By 10. 000, 00 rupiah, you will make all worst. If you want to smoke, avoid the people. Respect the other by smoking on another place like in the smoking room in the restaurants. In other country like Singapore, the price of cigarette is higher than in Indonesia. The bad effects of Indonesia's Cigarette are more dangerous than the other country too. So by avoiding them, we can save our life and people around us.


Tobacco related diseases are some of the biggest killers in the world today. Smoking one cigarette a day results in a risk of heart disease that is halfway between that of a smoker and a non smoker. Among the diseases that can be caused by smoking are mouth cancer, lung cancer, heart attacks and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Many governments are trying to deter people from smoking with anti smoking campaigns in mass media stressing the harmful long term effects of smoking. Passive smoking, or secondhand smoking, which affects people in the immediate vicinity of smokers, is a major reason for the enforcement of smoking bans. This is a law enforced to stop individuals smoking in indoor public places, such as bars, pubs and restaurants. The idea behind this is to discourage smoking by making it more inconvenient, and to stop harmful smoke being present in enclosed public spaces. Critics of bans in the restaurant suggest ventilation is a means of reducing the harmful effects of passive smoking. Many restaurant organizations claim that ventilation systems can bring venues into compliance with smoke free restaurant ordinances. Additionally, restaurant smoking bans may help stop young people from becoming habitual smokers and I therefore fully support this idea.


