Is important for college students to have a part time job? I think that has much opinion to answer it. The part time job is a job that can do in partial time. So the college student can do part time job when they has spare time (if they want). There are many reasons why the college student do part time job (if they do). The first are they need more money to having fun, pay the studying cost, etc. the second are they need to get job experiences for the future. College students need more money if they need it, because sometimes that the college student's money that given from their parent are not enough to solve it. So they will search a part time job. Why part time job? Because their study time can't be compromised with the regular job and they will need a part time job that has unusual work time. So they can combine their studying with working in a part time job. After the college students graduate from their university, it will be difficult to search a job. Because the Company that need worker will ask the job experiences related with the new job. So if they have not any experiences, they will be difficult to search job. So, job experiences from part time job will be very helpful. I prefer to agree with the statement that college students must have a part time job. It will give you an experiences about the future after you graduation, except if you didn't plan to work in the future.


It is important for college students to have a part time job because it has many advantages for the students. It will make the students become an independent people. The students will get income to pay their living cost from salary of their job. They will not bother their parents and spend their parents' money so much. Moreover, the students will be discipline because they can manage the time well, they know the time when they have to study and when they have to work. In the part time job, the workers may not be late to come to their job. So, it forces the students as the workers to be on time in their job. Not only that, it also can develope the student's knowlegde skill. The students can develope their knowlegde when they are having a part time job. So, after getting lesson from the college, the students directly can apply it in their job. Furthermore, the studebts can use their time well, they can avoid from wasting the time, such as playing, shopping, and many others. And their time just for useful activity. So, having a part time job for the college students is very useful and important. And all the students in the college should provide their time for having a part time job.


I agree with it is important for college students to have a part time job. As we know, the cost for college student is too much (in this case, we can say expensive). It's easy if the parent from that students is rich people. But, how about the students with contrary condition? So, part time job its better solution for this situation. The student can help the parent to don't lost the cost too much. In the other hand, the students have new experience beside their daily activity(studying). The students must be smart to split their time. Because they add new activity for their time, studying and have a part time job. It's proudly can get their money by themselves than they must ask money from their parents as requirements in college. In my opinion, they are independent student. If all college students do that, I think the parents don't worry about financial problem. And for that student, it can be a start before they work at company after they graduate from that college. Maybe we can say its training to get a new skill for a job. So it's positive think for that student. In this era, nothing to say shine for do a something. If we can, why not? We can learn from college student who have a part time job. They get money with themselves, so they help they parents. And I think they make proud their parent with what they are doing.


I don't agree if college students have a part time job and in my opinion there are several reasons. The first reason is because it can broke focus of students in studying. The second reason it is so difficult to balance both of them   studying and working Consequently, one of them will become victim. Because when students have problem, it certainly will affect on the other side. If the reason of students working to get experience, surely there must be consideration before because working and learning are the side that is difficult to put together. As a college student, I don't agree if college students have a part time job. Especially if the students who ca not manage their time well. because it only can broke focus of their self in studying. Moreover, it is so difficult to balance both studying and working. Consequently, one of their choices will become victim. So, the students cannot studying as well as usual. When they have a problem, of course it will affect on the other side. Even though they give reason working to get experience, surely there must be consideration before because working and learning are the side that is difficult to put together.


I was lucky enough that my parents paid for my whole college education. But I'm in line with that statement because with have a part time job we can help our parent and we have much money to buy everything we want. Beside, by doing the part job, we can get many experiences that may useful in the future. Because experience is the most important thing to get job. Moreover we can be more appreciate the money. Know that how difficult to get money. But we must can manage the time for studying and doing the part time job. Because we have to have much care about time. Everybody know that Time is Money. Managing the time is the important thing if we wont get something loss. So have part time job is important for collage student. Because many advantages that we can get from it. If we believe can do it then why not? But we have to remember that study is number one, although we have a part time job we do not lazy to studying because we can get science, experience and we can use to live in society beside as student. We have to smart to manage the time so we can take the advantages. Talk more do more and get more.


It is true statement. Part time job is the job that usually choosed and done by the college student. For example as private teacher, shopkeeper, seller, etc. They follow this job on the part time on their day which they don't doing everything after they had studied in the university. It has many benefit for them. A part time job can give many useful, experience, knowledge, proudly, and the important is money. College student as the young man who needs some money to go on their lifes without ask from their parents. They must begin to independence to follow their necessity by self. As know, they have many necessity to pay their study, to buy something that need in their day, or eat, and other thing. They can show to their family that they can do and become active people for training theirself to fill on the society in the future and useful for around. Therefore, with that, it can expression their skill that they get from their studies in university or other skill they have over there. It can make creative and contribute for our government. Finally, it's very benefit things for the college student to have a part time job to make they be active and get some money to fill their life.


College is then highest places to learn in formal education. College students are people who study in college. College student should not have part time job for better graduate. They will not focus with their lecture every semester student in university have many lecturing maybe about 24 credit point. It is maybe about 11 lectures. It will disturb the students if they have part time job. Part time job will disturb the students mind and make student not focus with their lecture. They will not have many times to do their assignment. We know that lecture start in the morning and finish in the afternoon. I believe the students will feel tired because Monday until Friday they get many lecturing. Of course the lecturer will guess the students an assignment. The students which have part time job will do not know about he problem in their college. The function of collegian as stick holder our beloved country. If the students did not know the problem in their college and know how to solve, I cannot imagine how to be our beloved country or our college in the future. I think college student should not have part time because many reasons they will not focus with their lecture. They will do not many times to do assignment and they will do not know about the problem in their college.


A part time job can be alternative for college student to earn money. Students who have a part time job is independent student because they aren't only study their lessons in college but also work for get salary. They can use free time to spend a part time job so they can pay their finance in the college. They want to earn money from their self without must hope money from their parents. It is important for college students because I think college students because I think college students must can be independent person before they graduated from their college. With have a part time job, college students can get a new experience in the out of college. They will use that experience after graduated from their college to do a job better than other people. They hope after graduated they don't be awkward in the working environment because they already have a job experience before graduated. I really believe that college students to have a part time job will be a success person. Because they can use their time for study and work hardly. They have already through their experiments for earn salary theirself without depend to their parents for get money. They can defend in their life without have to get money from their parents. That's why many company look for people who have many experience in the part time job in order to be awkward when they work in the company and they can do the job very well. In this global world, every college students are hoped can use their skills, it's not only hard skills from their college but also soft skills from their experience in the out of college.


Nowadays, many college students have a part time job beside their main activity in college. Part time job it self is job that doing at half time in the day. College students usually do their job at free time that they haven't study activity. Many job is available in various field such as home teacher, shop keeper, work in restaurant, hotel, and entrepreneur. Have a part time job for college students have many advantageous. College student can get salary that can used to many daily need. They not only get money from their parents. They can buy something by themselves. For example, they can buy books that they needs, they can pay their school fee and other daily need. Other advantageous of college students have a part job is they can get experience. With have a part job college students know the real life that very important to be known by college students. Many college students only know the theory of their study but they didn't know the applications in field. There are facts than many unemployed graduate is happen because they just know the theory of their study. They didn't know the application of the theory. In conclusion, have a part time job is very important for college students. It can give a money by themselves, not only from their parents. Experience is the other advantageous from having a part time job for college students. College students must manage the time between work and study.


I think working part time was very important for students because they can divide his time in study and work. Unlike students who work while in college. many work part time for the student if the student is fond of the job. In working part time, students also taught to work together within the existing work in the office, thus educating a student to become a good worker, because of course very different from the work. was working part time when in accordance with our interests then going to more enjoy. And most important of here after college certainly does not become unemployed again because it can work. And even if to a new job, more adaptable because it was familiar with the work. In work part time, students also get a salary from the job so that educate students to become an independent and did not bother parents. To be able to share time in study and work, the student must get rid of laziness to perform all the work. It also discipline in the division of time in study and work for all jobs run smoothly, without any obstacles so that makes a worker can perform the job well.


It is important to college student to have a part time job, especially for those who already at sixth or seventh grade. We cannot earn a lot of money from doing a part time job but it can give us an experience, so when we finally graduate from college, we are totally ready for the work world. Because in my opinion, when we are at the work world, high grade at college or good marks do not important anymore. The company searching to people who ready and has an experience at their major. Part time job can give us a lesson, for example, at part time job, student can learn that the team work is the most important to have. Usually at school or at college, student very selfish about marks. They want to have a highest grade at class, or something else. But when we are at work world, we are not allowed to work by ourselves for all the task to do. We usually has a team that we need to discuss to, and we need to do a work team, and anything else. So in my opinion, it is very important to college student to have a part time job although they are not graduated yet.


To have a part time job is very important for college student because it make college students get some experience before they work. They can know how difficult to get money and it can change their mind about money. Now, there are college student not to plan their future. They only play games, hang out with their friend, and they do not save their money. There are many college student have bad habit. They only use money from their parents and they do not like to get money from their hand. They do not want to know how their parent work hard to get money. If this bad habit do not change by college student, this world can't be grow up and we do not become a success college student. Now, to get a job is very difficult if we do not have any experience, so we must get any experience when we still at university. We must become an active college student in university, we must to get high mark at class, and we must to help our friends if they do not understand with the subject. On the other hand we also must to have part time to increase our experience. If we can get all them, we can be a great college student and easy to have a job. So, have a part time job is important for a college students.


Have a part time job for college student is effective because we can learn about it and we can understand that get some money are so difficult. Because we do part time job at least we have a little extra money so that we do not bother parents and we can set aside a little to save. We also get experience from part time job. We have a part time job in the some shop or restaurant like Mc Donald, KFC, or the other. but don't forget, we are college student, we must be smart student. when we have part time job, we also can divide time between working and study. For example, if we get time to study at the morning we can take part time job at the night after finishing our study. so, it is not disturb time to study, but in shipbuilding polytechnic of Surabaya we can't do part time job because everyday is task. that is motto for college student in PPNS – ITS. because I am a student of PPNS – ITS, so I can't do part time job in there.


A part time job for college students is very useful for college students. Beside for fill their spare time, part time job also can helping their parents in economy. Usually the college students working in the night if they have a class at their university in the morning. Or on the contrary, the college students working in the morning if they have a class at their university in the afternoon. They to do it for base for addendum their pocket money or for to pay the rent their boarding house if they live in boarding house, but for the another college students that live with their parents, they do their part time job is just for adding experience or just for fill their spare time. Many company that employ their employer in part time, include for the college students that need a work at the time of their college. Even though they have a work, but the college students still has a feel full of desire to attend a class at their university. They still give the priority for college, and they also have a big responsibility to their college and their work. They also can divide their time very well. So if you have a part time job while you in college, it is a very good thing.


Today in Indonesia, there is a lot of college students have a part time job, with reasoning to help their parents in paying tuition fee, get any experiences, etc. But in my opinion they should be focus in their study. Because by having a part time job, they will lose their focus to their program. Even though they have a good time management, but are still less focus than other students who don't have any part time job. Example, I have a class mate who she having a part time job. She is a smart girl, but because of she has a part time job, she becomes an unfocused student, and finally she can't get her best score. If they said that they want to get any new experiences, isn't only by having part time job. But we can also get new experiences by following a lot of scholarship tests and if we luck, we can win the tests and go abroad. So besides we get new experiences, we can make our parents proud also. That's why I disagree if college students should have a part time job, because with focusing our study is also helping our parents. If we focus in our study, we can get our best score and if we get the best score we will graduate early and finally if graduate early we will reduce our parent expenses in paying our tuition fee.


If I have spare time, part time job which I will choose is to become a kindergarten teacher. Due to become a kindergarten teacher is a fairly easy job but full of responsibilities. Also, I am very happy with small children. They're cute, adorable. When I teach, I will teach with great laughter but a serious and focus on what is taught. I will teach with sincerity. I will teach them to read, write, sing, draw. I will also accompany the play, help with her job if things are not understood. Besides, I also will always consult their parents on the development of their children. Besides, I also will always consult their parents on the development of their children. What about his children in school, how his behavior, character, and of course they also like what progress from day to day. And I think to be a kindergarten teacher is a noble job. Although only work part time, I was very happy to spend my time with the kids than no job and doing things that are not useful. I also told my friend who wants to become a kindergarten teacher and have the same hobby. So we can use our free time with work to become a kindergarten teacher and could get enough salary.


Now, A part time of job is important for college students. Because we need it for benefit in our life. And then, every day we have some activity which don't important. Example: playing game, browsing, etc. Because of that we need a part time of job, we as college students must doing some usefully activity. Not only working but only get experience in our life. In Indonesia, many people don't have a job because they don't have experience in their job. So they don't accept in office. A part time is a way for us to have a job and benefit in our life. Every day, in home we always doing something that is don't important. We are lazy for doing something is important. A part time of job is solution for us to get experience. We need some job to get some money, to buy some life of material or others. Every day, we need food. And ours parent aren't always given money to us. Because of that we need a part time of job. A part time of job, it is important for college student to get experience in their life. So we need a part time of job


Part time job is a job that student worked in a part of the day or week. Usually people who have part time job are the college students. It is important for college students to have a part time job. It becomes important because the students will get a lot of benefits. First of all, the students will get the experience beside studying. So, they do not only get the theory, but also they can practice or learn much experience by getting a part time job. Second, the students will get more money. Actually, the college students need a lot of money. So, if they have part time job, they can help their parents. Therefore, they can save it for their future or if their parents are rich, they can use the money to buy something that they want. Third, the students can study to get a job. When they graduate from the college, they will need to get a job. If they have part time job, they know how to get a job, so they will not have much difficulties. And the last but not least, the students can know how hard to look for money, so they will not eager to spend money quickly or extravagantly.


Nowadays, many college students tried to earn money by their self. From many option of job, part time job is the popular one among them. They think this is the time to learn, how to earn money. Since have a part time job have many advantages, I think it is important for college student. Part time job have several advantages which refine us become strong, socialize, and mature. Part time job make us strong, which mean it train us to know how difficult to get money. When you have a part time job, you started to train your feeling about the difficulty to survive. Time by time, you will become trained and soon, when you not in college, you already trained and can survive more easy. Part time job also built us become socialized human. When you have it, you have to interact with other people and after time you trough it, you know about people outside. Part time job make us mature in mentality. When you did part time job, you try to know how the world is. So, until you finished your collage, you try to adaptation about outside environment. Its mean, you will think like people outside which most of them thinking more realistic.


Of course a part time job is important for college students. Because, they can have an experience from it and they can find a knowledge from it where they didn't found it at college. Maybe it can increase their pocket money, and their parents do not need to give them the pocket money because they have learn to find money with their own hand. Without help from their parents, or someone else. if they have a part time job they will find working experience. Many student when they have finish their college, they cannot found the job. It's hard to find a job today. So when we are still in college, we must do our best to find the working experience and then, after we finish the college, we can go forward to get a job. But some students who have a part time job, have a bad mark in their college. Because they can't focus on their subject. And some of them stop their college and stop studying. And they continue their job. Not only a college student, but also a senior high school students have a part time job. Some of them think that college it's not important. The important one is experience. So some of the students who have a part time job stop studying because they want to focus on their job.


Today students are demanded to be active, creative and productive. They are not only required to be good in theory but also in application. It means that coming at the college as good students who are sitting, listening and studying is not enough. They need another activity that can improve their ability to be better. One of the alternative is taking part time job because by taking part time job students can improve their ability and get many experience. Students who are taking part time job usually have more knowledge and experience. First, they can apply their knowledge from college to their jobs. It can help the students to always remember about the knowledge. Second they have many experience in their work place especially how to work with another people, how to manage their time and how to organize something. For example students who take part time job as a private teacher or tutor in institution. They can apply their knowledge from the college to their students. Another advantages that students can get from taking part time job is they get extra money. These extra money can be used to pay their tuition fee, fulfill their daily need especially for their school equipments. Those students surely can help to decrease the burden of their parents. From the explanation above we can conclude that taking part time jobs can bring many advantages for the students because the students can get many knowledge and the experience to apply their ability. Furthermore, they can get extra money to fulfill their daily needs, so that taking part time jobs can be recommended to the college students to be better in the future.


Part time job is a job that is done in your free time. You don't need to work all day. You just work to waste your spend time. For instance, you work at supermarket as a cashier, you give the course for elementary student and many others. Today there are many college students that doing part time job during their studying. They do part time job to fulfill their daily needs. They also do it to help their financial support. Having a part time job is very important for college student. The first reason is they need to fulfill their daily needs during studying such as, for buying books, for copying materials, and many other needs. It is impossible for college student ask their parents a lot of money to support their daily needs, moreover if their parents do not have a lot of money. The second reason is, they have a part time job during studying is useful to support their economy. For instance, they can buy everything as they want from money that they get of having part time job. They do not need to ask their parents again. They also can help their parents in financial side such as for buying their daily need in house. It is useful and helping for their parents. The last reason why college student having a part time job is for saving their salary. They can save their money for their needs in the future for example to continue their study after they were graduated from bachelor degree. Further more they can also use their money for business, or getting married. Therefore, having part time job is very important for college student to fulfill their daily needs and help them to create a great planning for their better future.


I think part time job quite important for college students. We can add some money to our pocket then we can also get much experience when do the job. Beside make some money and get some experience we can make relationship with many people. There are many kinds of part time job as I know. First, the part time job where we make own or company and second the part time job where we work on other people or company. Other than work on the other company I prefer to work by myself. Beside get much experience, if my company reach the target we can get a lot of money than we work on the other company. Part time job is very useful for me. I can pay my college cost by myself. Beside that I can buy anything that I want and also treat my friend or my girlfriend. My mom will be happy if I have part time job, she happy because beside I get much experience for myself I also can buy what I need by myself. Therefore, part time job is important for college students. That's it my opinion about part time job for college student.


Nowadays, there are many students especially in the college do some activities, such as joining into organizations or working part time. Some students do the organizations well and some students do that only for having fun. In addition, they do not get knowledge and experience. In other hand there are some students has critical thinking about that problem. Why do we have to waste our time for unbeneficial thing? They have best answer to work part time. They can get more knowledge and experience and can get a lot of money by theirselves. The supporters of joining into organizations may say in organization we can get knowledge and experience too. In the reality we can see many proofs that some joiners follow just for having fun, kidding with their friends. It just waste our time. It will be better I we work part time. In the future, we will be teacher. That needs good experience in teaching. If we work to teach students in the course, it will improve our ability. It is very useful instead we just have lazy time in the campus. The opponents of working part time can not disagree with this evidence. Some students who do / work part time can get a lot of money by theirselves. They don't disturb their parents again. Although, they can get money from their parents it will be proud of them, if they can fulfill their daily needs by theirselves. From all of these evidence, there is no need to disagree with working part time. By this way we can get more experience and knowledge in addition we can get a lot of money by ourselves.


Part time can also be used in reference to a student (usually in higher education) who takes only a few courses, rather than a full load of course work each semester. Workers are considered to be part time if they commonly work fewer than 30 or 35 hours per week. Many reason people want to take part time job, because they want to get additional income. Usually before get full time job, people take part time job. Another reason to take part time job is to get income when they are very busy. online survey is the easiest way to make money. There are many sites online that are free to join and gives you an easy way to make money. During the life of your campus should have a part time job that has no effect on your education. With a job online, you can work whenever you want and you can rest whenever you want. There are many part time jobs for students that offers revenue opportunities for them. Getting listed in the survey paid as part time jobs for students is not a tedious task. if you like nightlife you can work at the club. They are always hiring new people. Another fun job is to teach young children. Teaching children to add big money into the pockets of individuals.


Nowadays a lot of teenagers in Indonesia are students college but the majority of them do not use their time in useful way. It was showed by their habitual action that just coming to the college and go home. Where as in this part of life is very important step to get good future so the have to spend their times in useful ways. Kind of activities that can give advantages for college students such as follow organization and having part time job. But what kinds of activity that can good benefit to us especially can support their economy and acknowledge. The students who want to get kind of advantages can spend their time with having part time job. The students who having part time jobs get kind of advantages such as have experience and adding their pocket money. They will learn how to use their money because they get it by themselves. From having part time job they will more independent and they will not depend on their life on their parents. Beside that, they will get experience such as know other people's character and how to face them, they will easily face and comfort with new situation. So that having part time job is really give advantages for students colleges.


In globalization we must have creative idea, because competition more better and student must more have stamina and energy to do many things, students must different with other people in the idea. you need more than just a degree to get a job. Working during college, even in a position that is not directly related to your field of study, will give you an edge over other applicants. Significant work experience, along with good references from supervisors or co workers, proves to potential employers that you have the basic qualities which make a good employee; dependability, responsibility, work ethic, and the ability to learn new skills. Work experience also shows that you have had some real world, adult experiences and that you can handle yourself outside of the classroom and off campus. The top part time jobs for college students include computer lab assistants, administrative assistant, aerobic instructors, print center attendants, library assistant. In conclusion, holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Having to focus on your studies is not a valid excuse, because there are many options available for part time work, ranging from a few hours per week at an on campus job to 20 30 hours per week in the service industry off campus. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management. If you keep your priorities straight and find a part time job that is at least tolerable, you will be adding an important element to your future resume: experience.


Part time job is very important for college student, because a college student need self sufficient. A college student need book, high cost, and school fee. And it all is very impossible if the parents pay it all. They can find a part time job by advertisement in magazine, news paper, TV and radio. Part time as many various, for example became a teacher, sell clothing and accessories, shop keeper and under job that not disturb study. However, this part time work tends to make students reduce the time to study so that students' learning achievement is lowered, even learning to grow old and finish time. Therefore students should learn, utilizing the best possible time, make life saving. improving achievement, if a part time work is not possible to do so should students look for scholarships to support education to relieve the parents. the old orrang also should provide guidance to their children, provide enthusiasm and encouragement as well as watching their children participate. Students should accustom themselves to living simply, and independently. to do a job part time student should be able to adjust all existing activities, if necessary, students should consult the teacher, and parents. other than that students should keep improving achievement.


College students who take a part time job derive a lot of benefits. A part time for job is important for college students because they can help their parent to full fill the cost of college. For some people that often joint organization in the campus. A part time maybe not for some job, but for take a rest, but the student that have part time, but they not have some want to do, they make the time useless. House work is also job, so we can do house work in a part time. The people that have more creativity, it is can also to distribute their ability in the campus to their job, so we can increase our theory in the class and can practice it in the job and they learn new experience. A part time for job, not only to help our parent, and practice our ability, but also to look for a new experience that became our teacher in our live later after we graduate from college. By part time work they can also earn some money. Actually, the people should make use full all their time with doing something that it can use full for all people or for our self.


At present, there are many students who do not have a part time job. Many of them spend their time for something useless like a shopping to the mall, play games online and the others. They are not thinking about the difficulty of making money and easy to spend money giving their parents. Therefore a student should have a part time jobs so that they value money and not spend money at will. In addition, with part time jobs held, a student can train themself to deal with the real work world they will face after graduating from college. Students who have experience working in part time will have the skills to communicate with others better than those who do not have the experience. Besides it is also training young people to be able to share their time in doing and find out which one is priority. By having a job part time, students also can be taught to plan their lives in the future. There are consequences to be faced by students who have part time job. They should be biased divide their time between work and study time in college as well. This is useful for work and time to learn to walk with balance.


Students of university was studying on university and take a specific department. Some of college student getting part time job to fulfill their daily need. They think from part time job, they can learn and practice what they get from studying in university. College students learn from their par time job was working on the real life. Part time job was useful for their life. Many kind of part time job, for example be teacher, service and program computer, etc. when the collage student take a part time job, they can useful their time, of course with their heard to do that. Practice what they get from studying in university, for example Mira was English department student. She take education faculty. She can take part time job to be a teacher, a private teacher or teacher of course Mira can practice how to be a good teacher and share what she get from her studying. Beside can practice what collage student get from studying in university, we can getting money too. If there are some people asked, part time job important or not for students of university or college students? I will answer, yes it is. Part time job was important for collage student. The collage student can practice what they learn in university, they can learn how to working in real life not know inside of campus and they can getting money for fulfill their daily need.


Many study tired because have many work at college, it is sometime make them bored look work n homework. It is important college give student have a part time job because student not being stress a lot many work at college. Although just a few time, it is can be make feel good for thinking better for study at college. Now we can see college not given a part time job for study, it is not give good effect because study just human for happy and refreshing. Good if now give a part time job wherever now can be good effect and give spirit for work because the think have been refresh and can be a lot of time to enjoy playing for study with someone. Beside study can happy and can be listen for work have a part time. Important a part time job because can be experience for study to learn and has interaction with society. If study happy with a part time job, it's made feel study for work keep spirit and can be have a money. College have must see the study, it's can make study better or no, if not being good effect must help for study can learn to be better.


Working will get the money as the income, and later that money will be use for buy some needs. Every people certainly want to get a job. Include the college student. But, I disagree with a statements that say even it is important for college students have a part – time job. Because, I think part time job isn't the main thing that college students must be doing. The important thing for college students are study well, and later will get a great achievement. If the college students have a part time job, because they want to help the family economic problem, so they can pay the college fee with own income, or they want to get more a pocket money for buy a college needs, it is not banned. But, there are another way to get a money, if use for that reason. It is scholarship. All of college student can get it, but they must be good students. In part time job, they just working a few hours in a day. So if in the morning they study at college, then in the evening or when they go back from college, they start for working. And certainly they will feel proud because they can get the money from himself. But, part time job for college student have the negative effect, it is they will lost more time for study at home, or doing their college task. Because when they go back from their part time job, they will feel so tired, then they go to sleep without study. So, part time job can decrease a time for study and their achievement. But nothing problem if the college students have a part time job if they can manage the time well, they work but still diligent for study.


In the big cities often found many college student have a part   time job. They are working usually used to add their pocket money to fulfill all their necessary in the boarding house and also lecture. Mostly they can share their time to lecture and work to fulfill and then spare time in their activities but don't disturb their lecture. They can work as salesmen in the mall, in the shop, restaurant, café etc. I agree with a part – time job done by college student because it is positive activities can help and reduce their parents give in economic problems. Besides in working could found many experiences, get new friends so can learn cooperative, socialization, responsible and friendly with other. The other reason they can also learn how to communicate with the other in the working place well. They could understand how really hard to earn money, they also can appreciate how important money is for life and for everything around then starting to live economically by only buy the important thing. Usually also get satisfied and happiness because get salary from working their self to add their pocket money. And then also can to learn in the new work places the next day.


Working during college, even in a position that is not directly related to your field of study, will give you an edge over other applicants. Significant work experience, along with good references from supervisors or co workers, proves to potential employers that you have the basic qualities which make a good employee; dependability, responsibility, work ethic, and the ability to learn new skills. Work experience also shows that you have had some real world, adult experiences and that you can handle yourself outside of the classroom and off campus. Beside that, having a part time job will help you financially. It can help you pay for living expenses. Taking on financial responsibility also takes some of the load off of your parent's shoulders if they are helping you with your expenses. Your parents will not be around forever, and so you have to gradually become responsible for all of your expenses. The sooner you begin this process, the easier it becomes and the faster you will become 100% independent financially. Keeping a part time job, helps you learn to budget and handle money. If you have specific bills that need to be paid every month, you will learn to budget so that you have enough money for them. This will make independent living less of a shock later on, when you will have multiple bills (rent, groceries, utilities, credit card, etc) to pay monthly. Having some of your own money also makes you appreciate its value. You may think twice about a purchase that you do not really need.


College students should have a part time job. It is good for his future because someday they must search some job for them and their family. And searching job is not a easy things. Some people can't get a job because they do not have a lot of experience. Some person may things that people who have a lot of experience means that he is a professional, especially for young people. Have a part time job is easier than get a real job. But you can't just have a part time job until the rest of your life. Because it is not has a good fee. It is not enough for your life. Part time job is not a heavy job. Example is be an event organizer, MC, or private teacher. Usually the favorite job for college students is private teacher for senior high school student. Because they still remember some lesson. Having a lot of experience is very good, it can make them easier to searching job in the future. So it is very important for college students to have a part time job. Even some student can pay their college and help their family. So, get more a part time is great but, don't make your grade worse.


I agree with this statement, this is one of good choice for student with low economy, because it can help his income, his school fee or daily necesssary. But i think it is not only for low economic student, but also suitable for every student. They can practice how they can feel real of work before they take a part in work society. Based on the reason above, if they want to take a part time job, it is important consider for them to balance between campus activity and part time job. If we can divide between campus activity and part time of job well, so the result will be good. I will give some example for job part time. First, almost of student who take a part time of job is teaching, or private course, it is not heavy but we have to consider it well, for example, we just take a part in spent time, which has 1, 5 hour in one meeting, so it is not too heavy. Beside of it, we can learn from the content. The second example, we can join in shopping centre, surely it is not too heavy to ourself, for example we can become a waitress or shop officer. Finally, if we take a part real at work next time, we will have a confidence, because we feel how become a worker. We can share/work in group well.


College student should have part time job or better future. The majority of college students think that part time job is needed in order to face the real life. In the future people have to get a job because they will build a family. They get the money from the job and use the money to take care and effort the housing. Then now most of jobs reguire people's experience in the past and when we had part time job such as teacher, computer programmer or even presenter we will easily do the job. Which we have already done in the past. That is the reason why many factories decide to accept people who had a lot of experience rather than people who had good grade in their certificate. Now we are students but in the future we will become a leader at least in our family. When we are students It is proper if we still depend on our parents in financial but when we graduated, our duty is to take care of our own financial by getting a job. Even we have not married yet, we have to collect some property like house, house's properties, the money for our cost when we get married or even luxurious things like car, motorcycle etc by ourself. In the end, having part time job for collage students are very important for their future.


Part time job is one of a kind of job that always searched by college student. Usually it take in a spare time that used by college student to increase their income. It really good and I completely agree with this statement. It is important for college student to have a part time job. I think it is not only important for them but also very nice. Part time job have so many positive effect. Firstly, college student will have so many experience in their life. They can control their income and what they need. Moreover, college students can collect additional finance although they still depend on their parents. Secondly, college student fulfill their spare time. it is better than always waste the time by do nothing. Thirdly, college student can improve their skill and ability in other side of their jobs. They will have so many friends and network. But in other side it also have negative effect. Student college get in trouble if they can not control their team Their schedule collide with other activity, they also not focus with lesson and the last they will be so tired all the day. It is better if college student have a part time job. But for the new students, I think it is better if they want to habit with the condition first.


Nowadays, the graduations of university are not always getting a job when they finished their studying. So, I think college student should have part time job. There are many reasons for this opinion. First, the part time job can help them in increasing experience of job before they apply CV (curriculum vitae) in looking for job. Because as we know, A company or organization of society will offer an employer who has many experiences in his job. The second reason is better for their society, because a great student isn't only clever in their lesson but also clever in their society, because a science will be useful if we divide it with other. The third reason is it can increase their knowledge,. As we know, we may learn some experience when we work part time. The fourth reason is can help their economy, so their income will increase and also it help their mother job, especially who has low economy. The fifth reason is the part time job can support their life not only depend on other people, so they can be independent and solve their problem by their selves. The last reason is it will make them easier in getting a job as soon as they finished their studying. It also can decrease many unemployed in our country.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Nowadays, there are many kinds of job. One of them is a part time job. For example the part time job are work at restaurant, café, industries, etc. Sometimes the worker are college students. They work after they finish their study at campus or before they goes to campus. The purpose from college students to have a part time job are they want to get money for what they want, or they want to help their parents. Some say they want to spend their free time, or they need to add a lot of friends if they want, and they need to have experience on the world of job. Part time job also have negative effect. There are, they can feel so tired, this condition also make they can't to do their assignment well because they also must to do their work. On the world of job they must to learn about communication with other people. They can learn how to give a great respond. And they can learn the others when they can't get on the college. Because if they just learn on the college, they can't to growth about the world or world of job.


College students is students who study in colleges or university. Ti means that they are consist of teenagers until adult. They are already big enough to think about both of studying and working because it will be impossible to depend their life to their parent anymore. They should have many experiences about job in order to continue their life and also family life. There are several reasons why they should have part time job. First, they have spare time rather then having lecturing in the class. So as a creative students they should spend their spare time in a good way such as working part time. Second, it is impossible to demand their life to their parent, so have many experiences in order to face their future. Furthermore they can pay their tuition fee without the favor from their parents and it can be a proud thing that they can give. The conclusion is the collage student have to work part time because of the should spend their spare time in positive way and they have to think about getting many experiences of working. So they will not find big difficulties in their future and also through working part time they can pay their tuition fee without depend from their parents.


Well, I think that it is not important for college students to have a part time job. Because at my college too many reason why we do n ot have a part time job. Many people at my college spend their time to play game online because they think that was interesting, but I do not think so. I do not like game online, I spend my time to practice for laboratory work. I have a bad logics but I try for better than I have. So I wanted to help from my friend. He really have a good logics, he was a clever man. I think many people at my college had a picture that if they had a part time job they have no time for practical work at laboratory or do their home work. Many other reason that make people think that have a part time job is not important. Like we have to done our college after that we'll going to the 'real world'. Or we had too young age to take a part time job at this time. Well, because of that reason I think that is not important to have a part time job. I think I must focus on my studies.


In my opinion, a part time job for college students is important. A part time job is not bad activity. I think it is good for college students that have enough age. They are as teenagers have big spirit to do everything in life. There are many advantages if college students have a part time job. First, college students need more experiences in society cause they will live in society later. The experience is the best teacher, so more much experience they get, better for themselves. Second, the courses schedule of the college students are not to full, so they can do something useful in the free time with have a part time job. Third, as a student in college, they spend much money for paying the course administration. With the part time job, they can get salary and use it for paying the course administration and also for another necessity themselves. The last, if students have a part time job, they can manage their time well. They must divide their time for studying and also for doing their job. They will have a good time management and become a discipline person in the future. Finally, a part time job is a good activity for college students if they have ability to do it well without disturb the activities each other.


College student have a job to study and learn about the subject that they choose in their faculty as a majority. Although, some of them have entrepreneur or high spirit to work so that many college student have a part time job. Part time job that can done by college student, such as a course teacher. They works to help parents or they want to buy something but they don't have money. There are some reasons why they do part time job. They works to help parents because their parents because their parents don't have enough money to full fill whatever they want. When college student have an urgent condition that should be use money. It's really difficult for parents in poor condition. I agree that college student to have a part time job, to full fill their activities or saving money. Not all of the parents in rich condition so that why we as college student must be creative person to solve the problem. After that we can get experience to our future about socialization to other people. Another effect from a worker as a teacher to help us to remember past subject that we learned past. After finish our education, we are struggling to get a job. We are as engineer usually work in an industry or on a factory, we use our attitude, knowledge to get a job which is comfortable with us.


When a person is graduated from senior high school, they will be a new college students. When a person want to be a college students, they must pay some cost. It's quite a big cost. Of course, their parents will pay for it. After a person is determined as a college students, as long as they study in that college, they must pay again for some administrations every semester. Now, in this essay, I argue that it is important for a college students to have a part time job for them. Below is the reason why I give this statement. First of all, it's important because now they are adult. When they are adult, they must get a job because, of course, they want some money for their daily activities. They can't ask for some money to their parents because their parents have paid the money for their college. So, where do they can earn sme money? The answer is from the part time job. Next, it's iportant to make them ready for the real job world. When they get a part time job, they can use it to train themselves to be ready for a real job world. Even it's a part time job, the life skill that they can earn is very useful to make them ready for a full time job. So, those are my reasons why I argue that it's important for a college students to get a part time job. For every college students reading this essay, I say that get a job now!


In the era of globalization humans are required to be more active in his life. Challenges always come maybe in the social, economic or whatever. Without exception for college students, high tuition fees, parents' economic insufficient demand that they work part time while in college. They have good human resources but they hamper economic class. Many people assume that ""No money was no class. "" For that they beat perception with working while in college. Many of them work in the mini market, a cafe keeper and construction laborers. Working part time in essence it would interfere with those lectures are not easy. Crowded class schedules, tasks piling up, in a campus organization that must be followed, examinations and other campus activities. But for the sake of ideals and their dreams, they are willing to do the job. Working part time self consuming their time and energy when they should be professional in doing two heavy activity at once.. There are times when they should be concerned with one that is their job or their lectures. While so many of the students who work part time work. Perhaps this is due to their persistence in reaching his goal. Through their financial challenges and hard choices they live for the future is bright and beautiful dreams.


Part time job is a one of a work but it not use a long time for work, maybe just one week or one month, usually part time job do if we have a long holiday. it can make our holiday is more used, besides make our holiday used, part time job it also can product the money, we can life without money of our parent because we can product self our money, it can very help our parent when our economic life is low. Many college student have a part time job to add his pocket money, usually he work after he study from his university, usually in the night after he study or finished his home work. Part time job it also have a negative effect for college student. because, if the college student have a part time job, usually he can not concentrate his studies and usually he can't divided time when to study and when to work. so need a good person and can divided time to balance their study and work to have a part time job, because if he can't divided time it can disturb his study of his university and it also make his parent sad.


I, being employed with a part time job, truly do believe that there is no wrong in having a part time job while being a student. I honestly think that it is an awesome, great idea for students to have part time jobs before they graduate from univercity, if they have the time and resources to do so. Students who are responsible, or learn responsibility, have nothing to loose but all to gain by having a job. A student that can maintain a part time job gain excellent first hand experience that cannot be gained from the classroom. In fact the experience they gain from the part time job will make them the right asset the company seeks to have as they not only have academic achievement but also the practical knowledge related to their academic knowledge. Therefore, experienced students applying for a job are more likely to be hired than someone who is not as experienced. This is because students with experience on their resume show that they have already proven they can handle a job while balancing study and other activities. Besides, they have also proved themselves that they are people who are ready to meet challenges, and are willing to work hard. Usually, these people are also people with more mature personality.


Many people have reasons about that. Some of them to say yes and other people to say no. Each of them certainly have a reason why they say like that. They say yes because they think, that is important to make the college students get independent and they can help their parents. But some of them to say no. Because they think, if a college students get job so, that job will annoy concentrate their taks in the college. I'am a college student in one of famous university in Surabaya. I have reason myself. I think a college student to have a part time job is ok. But, they must be able to manage their time between lecture and job efficiently. If they can't do it so, I think they more better don't do it. Because that can unless for their self. Such as, they are over concentrate with their job and their task in college are forgot. And than, when they have problem with their lecture. They will be concentrate to repair with their tasks in the college and their job become forgot. That happen will be happened like thet again and again. Because they can't manage their time efficiently. So, the conclusion about that is important or no up to their how they can manage their time. If they feel important to have a part time job, they can get it. But if they can't do it so, they more better only to concentrate with their college.


Part time job is a name of using for illustration a job conditioning to do someone and during a short time. Usually this work to do for to get some income for everyone. And generally this profession have a big opportunity, because to pay a worker the manager can give a pay a view relative. We can take a part time job at night, because this job usually done at the half day. This job generally take a young person and a college student, because it can be low income, or we can a live more independent. In the big city, this job more interest for everyone, but they are thinking a salary more a little. So, just a few people like to do it. For the college student, I think this job more difficult, because there are many consequence. Because we are a college student guided for divide our time and many home work to do. And it is also a difficult choice for us. I realize, that job can give us many opportunity for us but, we must can divide a time more effective. And we can help our parent for a cost of our college, and then to train our more independent to struggle for live.


Well, I think it is important for college student to have a part time job because there are some advantages to do it. First, we can get the experience from having a part time job. For example if we're a private luther as what I'm doing right now and fortunately, I teach an elementary student in the first grade. I think it is so funny to teach her. And she has a young sister that always join with us if we start to study. Sometimes, her young sister always making annoyance between us until they get fighting, pinch and beat each other, and finally they cry together. I was so confuse at that time. I tried to make them calm down but it is not working until their mother come to the room and take the young sister out. I can get a new experience when I teach her and I realize that it is not easy to get a money. The second reason is, we can help our family financial. Usually if we want to buy something, we always asking for the money to our parents. If we have a part time job, we can buy anything we want and save the money for the next time for another thing. And the last reason is, we can be an independent person. With having a part time job, we can devide our time, which one we have to do first between study in college or work as a side job. We can manage our time and make the priority. Overall, maybe we can try to have a part time because of the reasons above. According to me, it is so funny and challenging for us. And we can spend our spare time with something good.


In this recent year, college students have so many problem about their daily life either their study or their daily needs. In Indonesia the university is usually in a big city. The students who lives in a village force to leave their village for the sake of their education. So this condition takes them in a boarding house that they will stay. This also forces them to have a much money to supply their daily needs in their boarding. Therefore, most college students have a part time in job beside their lecturing activities. Job is their solution to supply their daily needs. As a college students, they have to make a balance between studying and their job. Unfortunately, must college students can not do it. They are focusing on their job instead of their studying. This condition takes them in a job thinking. They just think where and when or what time they will get a job. Therefore, their studying score will be bad. When a person gets a job, they will force to have a great power. As a college students, they have to be more clever in managing the time and their health. In fact, most of college students who has a part time in job, they are usually not in a good condition. Their power runs out after having a job. As a result, they will little bit ignore their lecture because they are tired after having a job. In this case, the government have a big role to solve this problem. It can not be ignored to this problem. The government should give more scholarship for poor students, so the college students can focus on their subjects without facing their daily life problem


A part time job is a job in which the employee does not work full hours. Employment in a part time job has both advantages as well as disadvantages the which need to be carefully weighed especially someone who is considering employment options. Typically, an employment or job vacancy announcement will of listings indicate whether a position is full or part time, as the number of hours Offered is Important to many people. A part time jobs may also be referred to as part time employment. A part time job often has the advantage of more flexible hours. Sometimes employees can at least partially dictate their own schedules, thereby setting up a job the which is in alignment with life and other needs. Part time jobs may also offer such benefits as discounts to employees, and in some regions of the world, as long as the employee works at least half time, he or she is eligible for other employee benefits as well. These benefits may include sick pay, insurance, payments into pension funds, or vacation time. In other cases, these benefits are not offered; this is one of The biggest disadvantages of a part time job. Therefore I agree to say that a part job for a college student is important.


It is important for collage student to have a part time job I think, is important because if student have a part time jobs the student can more clever manages they money and mark up they confident, because they know how to get the money because to get a part time jobs they need to do spend the time and energy and they can more think to spend the money. In this global era they must clever to use the money if they can't manages the money, they can have a big trouble in this era. In part time job they can have experience to talk with the costumer, learn how to the company manage a money, and make a little channel to have a more money. In the part time job they must be good to manages they time if they not manage the time they schedule can't crash with the collage schedule in that case they must good to manage schedule and split the part time work and the time to collage. The part time job they can't not late because the company have a rule and the rule make company more efficient to control the worker like a part time worker and many more. So I think the part time job is important.


I don't agree if the college students have a part time job. Because I think if we decide to study, we have to be focus to the lesson. We learn to get the knowledge, and we can use the knowledge have we gotten during the study to get a job in the future. A part time job can disturb our study, because we will not focus with the lesson. We difficult to divide time between study and work. Every day, the students have a part time job spent a lot of time to work and study. So, they have short time to take a rest. Moreover they forget to eat. That makes disturb their healthy. Some of students have a part time job, seldom to do the duty or forget assignments. Because they are busy with their job, and almost have not time to do the duty. Usually they are sleepy in the class, because less of rest, and they also often absent in class. Life is a choice, we have to choose one of the priority which has to do first, I think study is more important to do first. Because we will get a job if we have the knowledge. So, without regretting in the future.


Nowadays many college students in Indonesia have a part time job with different purpose. College student is brave to take a part time job, because they have free time at every day. We know if college student enter to campus only 2 4 hour in one day. And they think if have a part time, so he can help her parents in administration, have add pocket money in one month, etc I disagree with the statement, if college student to have a part time job is important, because that activity have bad effect for college student. College student is must always healthy and concentration, so can get all knowledge from lecture easily. But if have a part time job we hardly to manage our body, because we more focus with the job and we forget to eat and drink, so make we sick and no present in the campus. No present in the campus make we have bad score and no understand in every lesson. Not only that, if have a part time job, we will more long time to graduate and we must pay more. So we useless have a part time job because have many negative effects more than positive effects. I will give suggestion for reader, if you do something you must ready with consequences. So you must prepare at now and you must look in all side. And you must always have positive thinking about all that you do if you want positive value.


Part time job is one of positive thing in our daily activities. Part time job has many positive effects and negative effects. One of the positive effect for part time job is, we can get money from our job. One of the negative effect of part time job is can disturb our study time as a student. In my opinion there are two opinions about taking part time job for college students. In the first opinion, i agree if taking part time job for college students is important because the salary of part time job can be used to decrease the cost living of college students. Beside that part time job also can increase their creativity. The students whom take part time job will have more creativity to manage their time. Then, there are some people which disagree about taking part time job for college students, because some people think that taking part time job can disturb the study time of college students. If the college students cannot manage their time well, their study time in college will decrease. Some people also think that college students have received many assignments from their lecturers, if college students taking part time job, they will not do their assignments well and it gives bad effect to their study achievement in the university. Actually, taking part time job is important for college students. If they can manage their time well, they will get more positive thing. Not only they can get much money, but also they can get a good achievement in their college.


We are as college students have more energy or power to do many things in our life. It will be an interesting thing if we are students but having money by our self. In this case, we have a part – time job beside our schedule in the college. We have more incomes with doing some jobs. With having a part – time job, we can also help our parents. We will not disturb them for some little things, such as for buying some books, make up, etc.. Students who have a part – time job will take some benefits. 1. student will have income (money) by their self. So they can help their parents. 2. they will be discipline person. Because they usually have good schedule between studying and working; 3. they will have more interactions time with people. that is important for them when they are working after graduation from the college. Communication skill is needed in the real work; 4. they can study how to be good businessmen, etc.. There are some things that make college students cannot work (part – time job). In some case, some of them have a problems with their schedule in their college. They are too busy. Their schedule is full of doing study and homework or other activities. In different case, some students do not want to have a part – time job because they feel have much money (maybe they come from rich family) so, they are focus on their studying only. Every man have their own chosen. But doing a different things (like have a part time job) will give us more experiences.


Experience is the best teacher. We often find this motto in our daily life. We can get experience not only in the school but also we can get it out of the school. For example we have part job like being a private teacher. It is very useful for the college student who take educational department because they can practice their teaching method directly and it can make their ability in teaching better time by time, year by year. So they can be professional teacher and another advantage of having part job is they will be able to stand alone with out their parents, although they can not separate 100%. At least they can help their parents to fulfill their daily need by their selves, and they can feel how difficult to look for money. So that, they can appreciate the money and their parents effort to fulfill their needs. The important one for the college student who has part job is they do not have to forget their main purpose. That is study and reach their ambition in order it can make their parents proud of them. The things that can make parents happy and proud is we can be a success person in the future. So that to reach that we should have not only education but also the thing which can support it. That is experience, because it can help us to be a success person.


Part time job was very important for a college student because with part time job we are can become more independent and responsible man. We are can use the money we earn we from our part time job for our daily activities. So my parents can be happy or proud with us because of our part time job. Besides that, we learn a lot of new experience which we may not get from our lectures in campus. But, In Shipbuilding Polytechnic Of Surabaya I cannot take part time job, because in Shipbuilding department of Polytechnic Surabaya was very busy and have many assignment. I am sure if in Shipbuilding Polytechnic of Surabaya don't many assignment so I can part time job. Actually I'm wish to have a part time job in the mall, or a school or other place. That is my dream when I was in Senior High School. I'm can Part Time Job in here, but now here In as a university student I feel very busy and have too many assignments to focus on. Part Time job become a guard man in Futsal is my dream when I'm in Semester One Shipbuilding department of Polytechnic Of Surabaya. Because in Semester One very enjoy. I recommend that college students take part time job.


Talking about job that job is the most important thing that everyone must have it. Because job is one of many tools which helps someone continues a life in this world. We often find many people who do not have a job, they will be difficult to find something to eat for their life and maybe for their families. That is why job is the most important thing to have for someone who wants to continue the life. I agree strongly for the college students to have a part time job, because it will make the students be theirselves and will not depend on their parents, their families, and the others, at least they can help their parents in finding the money. Beside of this, if the college students had have the job, they will get more experiences. Because the college students will get more experiences and sciences not in the class, but out of the class. In the class we just get the formula or the manner. But the main point is that we can apply what we have got from the lecture. So if the college students have a part time job, they will get everything in their life.


Part time job is something which is important for college students this time. Because with part time job, for students which less rich can to be continue for school and beside that, they are become self reliant and adult. Because they are can feel how is very difficult to search of money. So that, I agree with important for college students to have a part time job, because with them. they are can a search of money without help from parent's them and not become load to parent's them. They are can continue school with their own money. But I am a few disagree with them, because should a students is for study not have a job. They are only claimed for study for become a person which success and can change this word become more good. Young generation is a chance nation because only them which to continue development of this world. So that, for students to have a part time job must be have time to study although that time only few. We must be use that time with to be useful. Do not being useless time which that useful with to play etc. They not only think money, but they must focus study.


Have a part time job is important for college students for some reasons. First, students will get experiences of their job. They are in the new environment. It is make them know about how serve someone, how know new environment beside us, and what must we do. Experiences make someone mature. Second, student can realize their knowledge. As a teacher we will transfer our knowledge from us, as a teacher to our students. Student will get new knowledge and we will get some experiences and satisfied from teaching. Third, as we know if we work, sure we will get payment. Although this money not enough to pay our registration in campus, but it became us satisfied if we can get money from our effort. Fourth, student s will help devide their parents. We are students, the consequence is we must pay and study. We do not get job now and do not can pay our registration yet. So if we get part time job we can help them. And the last, try to part between job and study. The obligation of student is study, and as a human that have productive age, it is better for us to have job. We can decide when we must study and when we must work. So, it makes us discipline human.


Student in majority in my class are having part time job include me. Based on our focus in the department of education especially in English. We prefer to have part time job by being a teacher, either teach in formal course or in informal course. It means that we spend a part of our time to teach. Some students, beside we still have obligation as a student of college. Sometime, we are too tired to do a lot of activities day by day. But we must see other side of our activities. It is true that as I explained before, we have to study different material with ours in the college. In other words, it consume a lot of our time, not only we have to prepare a lot of things to teach, but also we need more time and energy. Furthermore, if we see another side, we will get positive side. For instance we have remained our material in the last level it will be our preparation to be a real teacher in the future. Other advantage is we will get income by our selves, certainly we will feel satisfied because of our effort. To contrast, personally I disagree with having other part time job which are consuming our time and getting salary only. To illustrate this being a shopkeeper or sales, it just give us salary without positive influence to our study. Unfortunately, I am in the education department so I can prefer to have part time job which is beneficial to my study such as being a teacher because the important thing we have to manage our times as efficient as possible and we will not get a bad effect of our part time activities.


Part time job is a kind of job which enable the workers to work half time than full job. For the college student, part time job is solution to get money without leave their study. beside that, part time is very useful some college student to earn money in easy way. But, all of that can be a good way if the college student can manage the time. if they can't, it will be a serious problem. The student who have a part time job and can't manage the time usually broke their result in test even that happen. They still work and study in the same time, because of that many worker student done their study without a good grade. The resolution of this problem is, the college student can get a part time job when they done 2 years in study (usually call as senior student). why 2 years? Because student have done 2 years in study is a student who have a skill to manage the time. Beside it, the senior college student's mental is harder than new student and even they got bad result. They can fixed it without disturb they work. Part time job for the senior student is also help them to prepare themselves to get a real job and prepare them to be a quality worker.


The college students studying abroad have to manage their financial affairs deftly. Since studying abroad is not cheap and most of us do not have access to the amount of money required to study abroad, students have to earn simultaneously to finance their studies. Many college have low financial. So, they must fill their necessity alone. Even the school expenses, they have to purchase it alone without parents helping. It is not caused their parents won't to finance them. But, their financial economic parents also are under normal standard. The college also able to train for their future life. It can train them for autonomous. They also will usual become a discipline person. Because, they have to manage their time for any activity. The time for their job, the time for their school, the time for their studying and etc. And because of that, the government built many leagues for handle the matter. Various countries and companies encourage the feature of 'Earn while you learn' through many schemes by offering the students an opportunity to work on part time basis. These schemes vary in their timings from company to company. Many students around the world adopt this smart way of earning money to manage their expenses. Internet search and other reliable sources can provide lots of relevant information about such offers to the students.


It is important for college student to have a part time job because with part time job they can learn how to earn money. They can use it for paying their college or for another. Also the most important they can earn experience how the worker world, their mental more stronger for a real job in future. They also can learn how to manage their time between college and part time job. So if you want to be a successor you must can managing your time. And with the experience and mentality have build from past they can survive with a real work after they graduation. Beside that they can also know to interaction with other people with so many character and personality, but deferent with college student graduation without work experience they will shock when they get job, because they didn't unusual and don't comfort with work life. If they didn't survive so they will lose their job. So that's why the college student have to feel the part time job. That's why college usually like most university in Indonesia open the job trainee, for the college student haven't any experience with part time job. So from now try to find a part time job for earn a important experience.


Now, to be a graduated is very expensive and I think is very important for college students to have a part time job for make easier for parent to finance studying in college. Many advantages for college students to have a part time job. Some students do not know the value of work experience and how it can enhance the educational experience. Work would benefit to students. They are giving them money that they have earned, giving them satisfaction, fill some of their idle time. Have part time job make have own income without hope that money of parent. So we can stand alone if we will buy something we not hope money from parents. And it a satisfaction for this self because for have incoming self its satisfaction for student and students who work are more confident and possess better time management skills than students who are not employed. In addition to offering a paycheck, some independence, and satisfaction, a part time job can provide teenagers with both training and experience. Working teaches students about responsibility and can also reinforce what they are learning in school. On the other hand, experts agree that students who work more than 15 to 20 hours per week often experience decreased school success, which can lead to dropping out entirely. Working long hours can also limit opportunities to build friendships and explore interests that enhance a teenager's intellectual and emotional development.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job For me the part time job is very –very important for us college students because with part time job we can know how to do some work and we can have experience for work and it will be useful in our live as college student. Part time job just the way for us to the success that what am I think about and it will be give us some experience before us to work for our self. It is the way become true entrepreneur. That knowledge is very important to us and I must try to work in part time because I must have the experience Part time job is useful to us and good for lesson to us how hard your parents have to works for us. I am sure that experience will be not forgotten and will be use in the our business later and to be true entrepreneur. Not just big experience we need small experience too because we start from the bottom not from the top. Because of that we little experience too. So the part time job will be very important because it will give us some new experience.


I disagree if the students had a part time job. In era globalization, total of poverty increased in our country. Much family who live in lack or poverty because of lack of employment opportunities and education. But, it is not the true reason to students had a job. There are several reasons. First, every parents endowed children. So, the parents have a responsibility to he's wife or husband and they children. As we know, not only man can look for a job on outside home but woman can do the same thing. Second, if the students spent he or her time in the workplace big perhaps can be interfering he or she study like homework'n study group with the friends after school or at the friend's house. Third, when he or she cannot be concentration or focus to the study of course can be to make a difficult to get the high scores in the every material. Except, they (students) cannot enjoy of youth like playing with the friends. So, every parents have a responsibility to he's family from household, foresight of his children and make his family felt happy. The husband and wife should be support each other to make a family of happy.


For a college student, to have a part time job is not really necessary, but it worth to do it. First, part time job, will trained our abilities before the real job. Besides that, we can get some of new experience. Second, we can learn or become realize how hard our parent is working for us, so we can appreciate our parent's hard working. Apart from that we can learn independent, but it is not mean we are already do not need our parent's help. it is just training for us to not always spoiled and depend everything to our parent. Although we have part time job, but our priorities is not working, but studying as a college student. Some student may "sacrifice" their test for part time job. If that job have better opportunity to our future it is alright, but if that is not make better opportunities for our future, and make some wrong thinking for part time job, how it's become? It will make they purpose to working just to get money as much as they can, buy something not necessary that very expensive, etc. With that thinking, the purpose of part time job is become mess. So, in the end part time job have good and bad points, depending on how we see it.


As we know, it is not few there are college students who have a part time job. There are many reasons why they do that. Such as : to add a pocket money, to pay cost of them boarding house, to help them parents, to pay them daily necessary, and more. I think, this activity is very well. There are many positive effects if college students have a part time job. I think so, because it can make them more adult emotionally. The positive effects that I mean is such as: they will know that to find money or get a job is difficult. So, it will grow to them sociality. In other hand, they will be careful to use them money because as far as they know that to find money is not easy. So, it can make them grow more adult. In other topic, the college students who have a part time job must cleverly to manage them time. Because if they can't manage them time. It can disturb them college activities. If it will be happen, it is equal broken them college activities. It can make brake them soul. So, it must have been avoided. From some statements above, I take the conclusion that it is important for college students to have a part time job if they can manage them time nicely.


College students need to have part time job for helping them in completing their needs. The pocket money that is given by the parents are not sufficient in supporting the needs of the college students. That problem is often is often faced by all of the social class, especially for the under social class. For some college students they event don't want to take extra money that is already given by their family. So it is better for them to have part time job in their activities. There are many college students are not mature enough in facing their life. They often ask and take everything from their parent easily. They waste a lot of money. They have never thought that getting some money needs some efforts. This trouble will be faced differently if the college students already had some experiences about getting money. Knowing that, we can conclude that having part time job will drive the college students to be more mature and more respect to use everything. Furthermore, they will able to spend their money for the tuition fee. The college students often have long spare time in their day. And it will be more useful if they spend their time for something useful such as giving private course, work as the shop guide and so on it also will develop the skills of the students because they already practice their knowledge directly. In short, knowing the farther explanation about the advantages of having part time job, the college students are better to have part time job in order to help themselves and their parents to support their needs. it is also able to encourage the students to improve their skills from the knowledge that they got.


Part time job is job that the time for work is not along day. Usually someone who take part time job is someone that have more than one activities, like college student. Now days, it is very important to college student to have part time job. We know that college student is not child, so they should think how to improve their ability to develop them self. Part time job is one way to realize that. There are some reasons why college student should have part time job, such as : they will get many experience. Aphorism says Experience is the best teacher, that is true because as college student they should look for many experience in their life. It is not enough if we just get experience in the campus. So, we can practice the knowledge from campus in the real life, not only the theory. That is big experience. Besides that, they can also improve their skill, from practical knowledge make develop their skill. The college student who have part time job will get salary every month, so they can help the financial of their parents. They no need to ask money every month to their parents. It can make to stand alone. They can buy everything with their money. College student have many spare time, and almost the college student spent them with something that not important. So, with the part time job they can spent their spare time more effective.


I think it is important to for college students to have a part time job. Because the college student actually have skill for to apply. Also because it make they know how live in world work. Beside there is some student that need some income for pay the college and continue studying. Even in small business that not give a lot of money. The important thing is the student can apply what is the student have learning. A part time job make student creative for thinking what is need for his future and make student don't have to waiting for money from the parent. A part time job can fill the free time of the student prefer than make it for game and etc. Part time job have a negative for student. For example, part time job can change student just think for money not think about study. So a part time job have supported by student party. So student not just think about money but they thinking about study for student better future. Now part time job is hard to looking for. Many student is looked for alternative. When holiday they are looking for full time job for they money income.


This time, every people in the world need money to pay their daily activities everyday. They are trying to get the money from working in a industries or a institute. Not the only things people can get money, they can get money from to be a merchant, teacher, police, farmer, fishmonger, and etc. But to get the job is not easily like we want to, because in this world is too many people who haven't a job and can't spend the food for their live every day, and this is important thing to do before we working in are we must finish our study as a evidence. Because of this thing is very important, we can take a part time job since you in college or high school student. Part time job isn't like a permanent job in your live. It just a activities for giving you experience before you do a real job in public. Part time job often was done by college student or high school student to save their money. The money that their kept has a advantages after their finish the study. In this live, there are the part time job that college student can do for his situation, I mean like a his skill and knowledge that time. Usually the part time job based on life's skill like a wash dishes, sweep the room, cooking, and etc. Because of this thing college student can do the part time job before he finish the study. So, I think part time job when we at college is very important for our life's, because that thing giving us a important experience to do a real job like a spirit to pay our daily activities or to spend money for our family then.


In this modern era, the economic problem to be obstruction for university student because it is never they think before. The expulsion of university students is many, in the other hand they spend a lot of money. In the university, they must pay for many kinds of necessity. For example pay expense or campus, pay for their dormitory or their boarding house and their daily needs like food and other. In the university they have start to think can decrease their parents dismissal joining in par time job is one solution for university student to help their parents expense. In common, many university student join in part time job. Especially, for them who are study in private university. They can study well while joining in part time job. They go to office or their place for work in the morning and go home in the evening. After that in the evening also they go to university for lecture. It is very possible for them. They also got many advantages from join in part time job. First, they can help their parents to decrease the expense in university. Second they can get many new knowledge. Third they can improve their ability in the specific area. Fourth they can try manage their time. Actually, skill many advantages of university student join in part time job. This is opportunity for them, so this is good for them than just spend their time in boarding house. Many job that very suitable for university student, such as being a private teacher and other. There is no reason for university student to not try to join part time job. We have to make sure our mind that this is good for university student.


I do not quite agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because it is have positive and negative effect for a student. It can be positive if the student who have a part time job can do his job and his study perfectly when the time for his job do not disturb time for the student to study. Beside his do study, it can make a money for his self or cost his study. Because I think it is not easy for student do a part time job and do study in a same time, it can make a student tired so can do it in a best condition. If that happens then the loss is the student's own. So I think a student would rather not do the job if not really necessary because it can cause a decline in learning achievement of students themselves. If it is forced to do jobs that should the students to divide their time between studying and working. Work can be done after the first priority to learn more because science is the future of the bridge so as to achieve what we dream during this. So make you dream with study.


I always heard this word spoken by older friend. And I think part time job is a positive activity for youth. We do job on free time, give more benefit than just sleep or maybe playing game. We can have fun, meet a lot of people, do social activity and give more challenge. And the special thing is, we can get some money. I am a college student as a polytechnic student. In my opinion part time job is a not best choice because we study in full day time. But I agree that do a part time job is a best way to spend our time. We can choose part time job depend on our hobby, for example. If we interest with music, we can choose job basic on music, like music shop keeper, or maybe we can be a lecture for music school, that's so interest isn't it ? We must aware that part time job can disturb our main activity. Our parent give us a priority to study. So make them proud with our study result, part time job is side act. In a big city like Surabaya, where I live now as a women we must more careful and more selective. We must choose the best one, depending on our free time, work job, situation and payment that we get. Remember, our basic activity is study. So be smart gals to choice right way to your live.


I do agree to some extent if college students to have a part time job. I believe they may work part time if only they remember the following : First, if they can arrange the time between study and work. I see my own friends that almost all of them cannot arrange the time, so many tasks of the campus that are not resolved. Because, they spend more time to part their job and they often do not do school assignment. Second, they do not forget their obligations. Obligation at home and at campus. I see some of my friends who have a part time job is not present at campus, because their prefer their work. Because, their work cannot delayed and they think they get paid for the work. They know that they will not get paid if they do not do the job. Third, their part job do not bother their learning. Some of my friends who have a part time job complain that they feel tired and eventually they do not go to college or doing their tasks. Fourth, if they have a part time job that can develop their skills in particular related to the program that they took in college. They will more skill and a lot of experience. Some friends work but not related to their study. They only want the money.


Part time job can help all people who need a more money. They have a job, but need many money to live. So part time job can help them, only little hours they work, and they can get money. In this time, many company make part time job to help some people, and to help them too develop their company. Government in any country too make some conclusion to poor's people who need money, but they haven't intelligence. With open part time job in many company. Now, not only parents who have job. Many child too have a job. But with little experience, they only get job in a little company as part time job. It is very good to them, if they get the job to help their parents get money for live. They can school and work if they take a rest, so part time job can not disturb they activity. Part time job only give a little money, but you can have many job to part time in many place, because it job only some hours and you can make schedule to work in some place, and that can give you many money. So part time job is very good to many people.


