Part time job is very important for college students. The statement was made based on my own reason. First, have a part time job will be useful for us one day in the future. We could learn how to earn our own money, how to manage our income, and many other things so the time we have will not be wasted. Moreover, if we are from another island, our part time job could reduce our family's financial problem even if it's just a little. Second, we must admit, sometimes, the money that is transferred monthly by our parents is not enough for our daily need. Earning money by ourselves will be a very helpful thing so we won't burden our parents by asking more money. They also can't complain about how we are going to use it because it's the money that we earn, so we have the right to manage it by ourselves. Last but not least, part time job helps us to be independent. It gives us experience to handle the problems we will face in our full time job in the future. It also helps us to learn how to socialize with our co workers, how to be close with them, or how to handle the problems those occurred by them. It's also easier to find a job if we have the experience to work for the other people. For example, if we ever had a job and want to find a new job, our chance to be accepted is higher than the ones who never have a job at all. So I conclude that having a part time job is very important for college students.


I agree that college students should have a part time job because the expenses of college or higher education have grown at an alarming rate over the past few years. This has compelled many college students to look for the part time jobs, which involve working for a few hours and attending college lectures once the work gets over. Though there are some negative aspects of part time jobs for college students like over exertions and some sort of tensions, these jobs provide the students with the much needed experience which comes handy while studying courses like management, engineering and accounts. Given below are some exciting part time entry level jobs for college students. A part time job can help you pay for living expenses, including housing, food, books, gas, and clothes. Since you will eventually have to pay off any school related loans that you take out, it is best to take out as little as possible. Working part time during college will build your character. Most of the jobs available to college students are very humbling. After you experience life as a waitress, or a janitor, or a sales clerk, you will become that much more grateful for the opportunities that a college education will provide you in the future. You will realize that the world does not exist to wait on you hand and foot, and that if you want to get something, you have to give something first.


When teenagers were high school students, they have less responsibility, less self dependency, and they are still living in their comfort zone. Therefore, as soon as they step into college life, they have stepped into adulthood as well. As an adult, they have to be independent, able to take care of themselves, and take bigger responsibility for their own life. That is why college students should have a part time job. There are three reasons why they should have a part time job; to learn to not be dependent on one's parents, to be able to work, and to learn to have their responsibility as an adult. First of all, by taking a part time job, high school students who just turned into college students can be independent and learn to not lean on their parents anymore since they will part from them later on. Second, by taking a part time job, they can learn about working and earning money. Although part time job is a small job, but it can give them a picture of how working world is and how they make a living through it so that later when they are working in a company or starting their own business, they already know how to adapt and what to do. Lastly, through the part time job, they can learn on how to be responsible to themselves, by doing their work properly, and to others who are related to the part time job, the costumers, the managers, and co workers. That is why college students should take a part time job.


