Issues about smoking at all restaurants in the country must be banned because cigarettes contain many strange compositions that can cause cancer, heart attack, hypertension, pregnant disturbing, even impotence for the users. I will explain that smoking can disturb others, air contamination with smoke that contains dangerous composition to others and causal of many diseases. The first issues of smoking can disturb others because the smoke will disturb the others. The problem is not the smoke, but the composition of the smoke, it same dangerous composition from the smoker, even more dangerous than the smoker. Smoking will help global warming occurs, because the smoke composition can help the effect of greenhouse effect that will warm the earth temperatures. As seen as the cigarettes packs, it contain the diseases causal from the cigarettes, it's a dangerous diseases that even deadly. The relation of the issues with restaurant are smoke will disturb the other people who in that restaurant, and that people will got passive smoker, and it can cause asthma. Or if the people are not smoker, they will cough badly so they will lose their taste sense of their foods, so they will not eat happily, and it will reduce the restaurant ratings because of smoker. And how about banned smoking at all restaurants? It will not fair if fully banned, they can create different chamber that divided the smoker and non smoker customer.


Government should ban smoking in restaurant because smoking has many side effects. Smoking is dangeorus. The tool of smoking is cigarette. And cigarette contains of many dangeorus substances, such as additive substance, nicotine, and many others which can damage our body system. For the active smoker, it also cause many problem of our healthy. They are problem of pregnancy and fetus (for the woman), lung cancer, impotence, and still many other problem. Going out from the effect of smoking, smoking in restaurant (the public area) will disturb many people who don't smoke or we can called as 'passive smoker'. It will be very impolite to smoke around the people, because sometime there are people who dislike smoking very much. The people will feel uncomfortable if there is a person smoke beside them. And it also cause the passive smoke get the side effect of smoking. So, that problem has to be reduced. Moreover, many restaurant have the Air Conditioner (AC) in their rooms. If there are smoke of cigarette in the AC room, it will damage the operation of Air Conditioner because AC needs the clean condition without any dust or smoke. That is why in many AC rooms, the smoker may not smoke in there. So, it is important for the government ban smoking in restaurant. And it has to be obeyed by all the smokers.


I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Because restaurant is a place which has function to eat and drink for visitor. Restaurant is not correct place to smoking. Some people maybe do smoking after they finish their eat, but how about other people? Are they like to do it? I think they feel uncomfortable about that situation. If that situation happened, government must look for solution about this problem. Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. It is solution for people who doesn't like smoking. As we know, the visitor who come in restaurants is from any age. From young until old people can be visitor at that restaurant. Smoker must know about that. They can make dirty condition at that restaurant. So, restaurant must give a special place for that smoker, if that smoker want smoking. It is better solution for smoker and the visitor who doesn't like smoking at that restaurant. If that smoker obey that regulation, restaurant can give a punishment. Maybe that smoker clean the plate and glass from visitor, or clean the restaurant floor. I hope that solution can make smoker give up and they will not do it again. So, they can keep a clean condition at that restaurant. I hope that solution can be done at all restaurants in other country beside on Indonesia. So, the visitor can feel comfort and don't worry with cigarette smoke at restaurant.


The question whether government should ban smoking in restaurant or not is a big issue. In the perfect situation, smoking policy would be manage by restaurant owner or costumers would subscribe the establishment with the policy they prefer. Customers would decide, if they want to avoid smoke filled rooms or enter them. They might even choose to sit in an area sectioned off for smoker or non smoker, when the government starts telling restaurant owners what their costumers can and cannot do. In my opinion, many smokers do not smell the smoke of others when they are in public place. Many years ago, people were allowed to smoke everywhere. As a result, an entire generation of elderly are experienced lung, throat, mouth, and stomach cancers that were never experienced in history before cigarettes became popular. But now, as a person, I believe in each individual person right to make choices which effect only for them. So, I will choose to stay to the restaurant that free smoking. Because, there are many disadvantage on smoking. A restaurant with smokers is not a healthy environment for people who are having their lunch or dinner. The smokers take away the right of other people to have clean air.


I agree with that statement because many people in Indonesia is smoker. Whereas in reality smoke is bad for human body. I think smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the Indonesia is very good because restaurant is place foe eating so isn't delicious if other people smoking in there area. Passive smoker is very dangerous because the passive smoker can be cancer. So I agree with according above. Near can be cancer smoke can be pure because we buy cigarette but not good function and only can be we sick. So the government must be carefully with restaurant with smoking areas. Because can be use people Indonesia sick. And price cigarette must be increased because with price the cigarette increase people lazy to bought and can be reduce smoker in Indonesia. Smoke is not have many positive for people and country. Country without smoker can be beautiful country because not pollution and healthy people. I want Indonesia free from pollution because in Indonesia many pollution for example from motorcycle, car, cigarette smoke etc. And should be not banned at all restaurant, but in all place mainly place with many children in there. Because children is growth. So the children must to prevent from smoke area. I love country free pollution.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. It is really nice and good rule. Smoking has many lose for human life. Not for active smoker but so for passive smoker. It can damage their self and other man too. Smoking can disturb our healthy, body, and comfortable of around us. The fumes of cigarette can broke the lung and respiration system in body. If there many man use the cigarette in general place, it has contribute the bad things about the air pollution and dirty situation. Such as in the restaurant, it's should be clean place and free from the smoking because that place is used for the people to enjoy the comfortable eat. Restaurants is a place to had by many people to rest and refresh the body with fill up the stomach with some food to get much power for do their activity, so there are not too good if they eat with around the smoker who can decrease the quality of their food. They want to go to the restaurant to enjoy the food. So, it is a good rule that smoking should be banned in the restaurant to give the good service to the costumer.


Now smoking in the world become big problem to be solve. Majority of people like this activity where as it is bad habit. Smoking have bad effect for smoker or passive smoker. We didn't realize when we smoking the smokes is very dangerous to other people because the smokes conduct dangerous chemical and can dangerous our healthy Although it's long term effect, the government should ban it. Nowadays all of smoker are smoking in everywhere even in restaurant. We know restaurant the place for to enjoy the meal or drink. That is not place for smoking. It can disturb other people when they enjoy the meal and enjoy to drink after smoking cigarette. The people will leave rubbish from cigarette. Let's imagine that many active smokers smoke in the restaurant, how many people suffer the disease. Although it's just a small area but it can bring many risk in our health, environment and economic side Although the restaurant have a smoking area. Hopefully all of customer can smoke on that room. In the reality it useless because less awareness of the people. The conclusion is government shouldn't banned smoking in the restaurant, it will affect not only society but also comfortable itself.


Smoking is one of disturbing action to people because its smoke is dangerous for health. For people which get smoke from smoker can called passive smoker. Although they don't smoking but they get effect of smoking from smoker. This is bad habit for people that often do activity together near with active smoker. Active smokers usually don't care with their habit is smoking. Actually, they also want not to disturb people rounded them with smoking, but it has already to be habit that they can do it anytime. I hope for active smoker can keep their habit with smoking freely without care other people rounded them in order not to disturb other people. I think all restaurants in the country should to suggest people who visited in there in order not to do smoking in the restaurant. Restaurant can give a warning sign in order not to do smoking because it can disturb other people. Smoke from cigarrete can broke scenery in the restaurant environment to become very bad and can causes health disturbing, one of it is cancer. So people must be careful to near with smokers who do activity together. Restaurant can prepare a special room for smoker to smoking in there other not to disturb other people. So they can do smoking freely with warning from other people.


Smoking Should be Completely Banned at All the Restaurant in The Country In the past, smoking at public zones not yet become a big issue. But now these topic is become a big issue related to human right. People believe that smoking at public zones such as at restaurants can disturb other unsmoker people to become passive smoker. They believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Many reasons are considerate for smoking banned at all the restaurants in the country and public zones in general. First reason is human right. People believe that smoking at public zones is include in human right problem. Smoking at public zones can disturb unsmoker people to become passive smoker that very dangerous in health. There are facts that passive smoker is more dangerous than active smoker. So that people believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants and other public zones in the country. Other reasons is health problem. As explained before, passive smoker is more danger than active smoker. It because danger materials which inhaled by passive smoker is more complex. So that passive smoker get more health risk. It make sure that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In conclusion, with several reasons, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants and other public zones in the country. Government should make the law related to the problem


I agree with this opinion because of smoking in restaurants, can interfere with other people who were eating, and make people who are not in the mood to eat, which in because of cigarette smoke which interfere in the process of eating. besides that cigarette smoke also makes others to be a second hand smoke that can damage health. because in these cigarettes have chemicals that can damage human health. Secondhand smoke is more dangerous than active smokers. Concentrations of nicotine dl passive smokers is greater because the poison is sucked through the cigarette smoke of active smokers are not filtered. So that makes the person can be contagious passive smokers die of substances   chemical substances that exist in cigarette smoke, which has been inhaled by humans and cannot be in the process in the body. In cigarette smoke can cause heart disease, stroke and so forth. Therefore we recommend active smokers to reduce smoking in their consumption. because cigarettes are very harmful passive smokers who get swept up in the cigarette. should the smokers to self aware of his actions that harm others. Better to every person who smokes in restaurants be fined because it can interfere with every visitor who was eating at that place.


At my country, smoking has been banned at the shopping mall and I really appreciate it. I'm very agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country. I think it's not only at restaurant, maybe also need to be banned at lobby hotel, hospital, church, college and many more public place else. My father is smokers, and I really hate it. For a thousand times I had been telling him to stop, but it's has nothing effect. But fortunately, my father does not smoke at home, or at car when driving. I don't know why people really like smoking and I don't care if they can't stop it, it's ok for me if they smoke at a place where no one there, because I hate to see people smoke at public place around crowd people. Because it is also dangerous for passive smokers, they can get an ill just because they live around smokers people. That's why smoking is really need be banned at all public place at every country in the world. Besides that, the smoke also caused global warming right? So, smoking is also give a happiness to the one who smoke but give a lot of negative effect to the nature and also to the people around them.


Now, there are many student of junior high school and senior high school are smoking. After school, they went to the restaurant or mall to smoking together with their friend. They look very happy. Usually they smoking and play card with their friend. They do that and do not know what is the effect of smoking for their health. Smoking is a bad for our health. It can cause many diseases, for example lungs throat, heart throat, impotency, and the other diseases. On the other hand, if we smoking we also addictive and we need some money to buy it. Bad cause of smoking not only for smoker, but passive smoker also get the effect. The smoke of cigarette is very dangerous. Because of it effect, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. If the restaurant allow the customer to smoking, they must provided a smoking room so not disturbing and give bad effect to the other customer. If they do not allow the customer so they must banned the customer for smoking so the smoke of cigarette not disturbing the other customer. Because a restaurant is a place for eat and not for smoke, so a restaurant must be free from people smoking.


The restaurant does not have to also ban smoking, for smokers it was obvious that the regulation prohibited smoking is very disturbing for them. because if after eating they will smoke. it can make the owners of restaurants to fast   quickly racked his brains, so as not to lose their customers are mainly customers who smoke. so that the owners of the restaurant was set up rules with wisdom that is by separating the place between people who smoke by not smoking. so that all customers can enjoy their orders without having disturbed their feeding activity. and also at that time are often seen several restaurant employees often ask the customers who will go ""smoke?"". Usually the smokers were given a place with no air conditioning. It is also the owner of the restaurant can provide open space for people who smoke and do not forget to provide ash disposal sites or do not let them throw in random places. because most of the people of Indonesia over many became smokers even though it was told about the impact of smoking. But you should never smoke, because it can make you get cancer, fetal disorders, and also can make you easy money runs out.


I believe that is a good way to less more pollution at everywhere. Smoking at restaurants should be banned because it is indeed a serious problem and dangerous not only for smokers themselves, but also for passive smokers. A cigarette is like a toxin hypermarket. You can find many kinds of toxin in it: acetone, tar, arsenic, toluene, etc. The tar itself contains more than forty three substances that can cause cancer. Scientists say that when we are smoking, we put many toxin materials into our body. Smoking not only destroy the smoker active, but also the passive smoking. The smoke that is suck by the passive smoking as mainstream smoke, even if that out continuously from the top of the smoke is called sidesteam smoke. The sidestream smoke has a big influence for the health of passive smoking because it has a lot of influence and the strength from the danger is very high. The risk of the health by the passive smoking almost same with the active smoker. So do not smoking to keep healthy our body and to prevent of lung cancer. Therefore I agree smoking should be banned.


Many people do not know the danger of smoking, so many people who still smoke. And smoking can harm the heart, hypertension, and disturbances in people who give birth. Hazards are often told but not neglected so much that smoking or often referred to as ""active smokers. "" But the severe danger posed to people who inhale the cigarette smoke because cigarette smoke can interfere with breathing in humans. Although the rules about smoking, many people smoking every where. In Indonesia there is a lot of people smoking, and it is so disturbing other peoples who doesn't smoke, that's why I agree whit the statement smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For example, if there is a pregnant woman, children, or old people eating in restaurants where there are some people smoke, that can make the peoples who doesn't smoke feel disturb. I think smoking is also useless, because we get nothing from smoking, they will only burning money by smoking. That is why I agree with banned all the smokers at all the restaurants. Because that give a lot of harms than good. It giving bad effects for other people who doesn't smoke.


Smoking. we certainly no stranger to what it was smoking, cigarettes. in this world everyone would know cigarettes and most certainly never smoked. actually smoking was banned in Indonesia this country, but still there is a break. but how else, the nature and behavior of people can not be prevented. smoking is very harmful to our health. But strangely enough even though the pack or packs of cigarettes have included writings about the dangers of cigarettes is very scary, still many who smoke. Cigarettes contain more than four thousand of substances and two thousand of them have been declared impacted not good for our health, such as radioactive materials and substances used in paint, washing floors, ubat silverfish, toxic gases (hynide) used diagi pesalah who undergo the death penalty, and many more. And substance in cigarettes is the most dangerous Tar, Nicotine and Carbon Monoxide. Tar contains approximately forty three ingredients that cause cancer or so called carcinogens. Nicotine has a substance in cigarettes that can cause addiction, which causes the user is very difficult to stop cigarette smoking. Nicotine is a substance in cigarettes that cause heart disease risk, 25 percent of people living with heart disease caused by smoking activities. There are 2 kinds of smokers, namely active smokers and passive smokers. Active smokers are people who are directly inhaled cigarette smoke, whereas passive smokers are those who do not directly inhale smoke, but inhale cigarette smoke issued from the mouths of people who are smoking.


Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country, because smoking can create a disease. A restaurant is place for us to get and eat food. So we don't need smoking in this place. Smoking should be banned and if have people who smoking in the restaurant. He is given punishment. Many people have problem in body. Smoking is not important, so should we don't use it. Because can affect in health. Smoke of smoking can give us a injured. Smoking don't give us a way to fix a problem. But many people talk that smoking can fix a their problem. And smoking is a way to use money don't important. Smoking can give a problem in our life. So we must be carefully. We always smoking to fix a problem, it is not true. So we don't use it, because don't important for us. So we should be banned smoking in our life. And we doing another activity. A restaurant is not place to people smoking, but a place to get some food and eat or get some drink. So smoking must be banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking can broke our life and danger....


Smoking is a bad habit. It becomes a bad habit because smoking is very dangerous for the smokers and people around them. The smokers are called the active smokers and people around them who do not smoke but inhale the smoke are called the passive smokers. As we know that smokers inhale the cigarette. And cigarette has a lot of effects. Cigarette contains a lot of danger substances, such as tar, nicotine, carbon monoxside, etc. For the active smokers, it can cause mouth cancer, impotency, liver cancer, pregnant and foetus risk, heart attack, etc. And for the passive smokers, it can cause asthma, cough, even death when they inhale the smoke. In this era, it will be very difficult to ban smoking, although the government and other organizations have published that smoking is banned or haram in Indonesia. So, the government should ban smoking in the public area, especially in the restaurant. Restaurant is a place that people have their breakfast or lunch or dinner or supper. Of course, while they are enjoying their food, they must not be disturbed with the smoke. To avoid the effects, restaurant's manager must supply a separate smoking area. So, the restaurant visitors will not be disturbed and the smokers can smoke everytime they want without harming the others.


Today, many restaurants started to limit smoking. Some of them give special area, but some of them completely banned. I think, smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants because of some reason. First, customer is our king. We must serve them and give them what they needed include smoking. In some case, non smoking customer disturbed when the restaurant full of smoke. However, it can be solved with adding non smoking area. Second, it prevent restaurant to lose their customer. When the restaurant banned it, it may have chance the smoking customer will leave your restaurant. The felt not comfortable, and they prefer not to eat in your restaurant again. At last, Indonesia is smoker country. It will not wise if you banned smoking completely. When you did that, it might has chance, your restaurant did not have customers. Most of men in Indonesia have smoking habit, and when they want to eat together with their family, they will not choose your restaurant because your restaurant did not have that facility. Also the smokers pay taxes for the cigarettes they smoke and the government needs the money to build the country. In my opinion, smoking should not be completely banned. People who want to smoke should do so in the smoking room.


I agree that smoking should be banned.. Because many people didn't smoke in the restaurants. People feel uncomfortable when they breathe. And it's bothering them. Can you imagine, when you are eating and there is someone besides you are smoking? It must be uncomfort right? So I agree that smoking must be prohibit in the restaurants. Sometimes there is a baby or a child in the restaurant, and they must caught because there is someone smoke in there. It's not good for their health. Smoking in the restaurants is selfish. Why don't go outside and smoking in the outside of the restaurants. Sometimes they don't think the impact of smoking in the restaurants. But it's not good for their health. not only for their health but also for people around them's heath. So, some restaurants have a smoking area to solve this problem. Where the smokers stay there to smoke. It is very efficient because the smokers stay with the smokers also. But some restaurants did not provides the smoking area. This is the problem then. If you disagree the statement above, you must make sure that all of restaurants in this country have a smoking area. And all of the people can feel comfort.


Taking about the ban of smoking in the restaurant seems endless because it's a controversial discussion with difficult solutions. Today, smoking becomes habitual activity even hobby for the most of people in the world especially the men. They assume that smoking can make them relaxed and happy. They don't feel stress and it can add their appetite. However smoking in the restaurant can bring many disadvantages it can give many risk to the health, environment and economic. First, it can bring bad effect to the active smokers even passive smokers. From the cover of the cigarette we can know that smoking can influence heart attack, lungs cancer, impotent so on. Many research agree about that because cigarette contains of stimulant that is nicotine which can make active and passive smokers suffering some diseases above in long term. Furthermore, smoking can make air pollution. It will annoy the restaurant's environment. The food will be dirty of the smoke. Some of people there can suffer asthma. It means that the government do not apply their rule about keeping clean and green environment well. Even government let active smoker to make global warming. Moreover, smoking bring bad effect to economic side. Here, we talk about how much money that active spend to buy cigarettes. Today cigarettes are expensive. It'd better if we buy food in the restaurants or other daily needs than but cigarettes. Besides that, we know that our country is poor country, although the income of cigarettes can be used for the public prosperity but we will never be rich country because we must return the income for paying the public health and fixing the environment. So we can conclude that smoking should be banned in the restaurant.


Nowadays, smoking is debatable topic for talking. Some people agree that smoking should be banned, but in the other hand some people disagree whether smoking should not be banned. In my opinion, government should not ban smoking activity as you know cigarette can increase the income of our country, both from the export to foreign country and also import to our country. The tax can be used to fulfill the needs of our country such as for allocate the payment of fuel cost, for building the facilities of our country better, for increasing the salary of the employee and many other function. Talking about smoking at restaurant it becomes controversial case because some people want to be free from the smog of cigarette. But other people also want to smoke moreover for active smoker. Therefore, they think that smoking should be banned because it can destroy other visitors. In the other hand, we have to think if the government ban the smoking it can make the production of cigarette will be lower than before. I am sure if the production is lower the factory will fire their employee from their work. It is so ironic. There will be so many people that cannot work again. They cannot fulfill their financial side. They cannot send their children to go to school, they also can not fulfill their daily needs. Therefore, I think the government should not ban the smoking case because it has many advantages for us, although there are many negative side that can appear from this case. As a smart people, we have to create the good thing that can make people both of active smoker or passive smoker feel comfortable in the same place.


According to my opinion, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 70% men in this country is smoking and cannot release themselves from cigarettes. So if the restaurants rise the rules for banned smoking many people will disagree with that. I am not a smoker but all my friends is a smoker I fell the effect if my friends smoke beside me. I got a headache every my friends smoke. People like me called by a passive smoker and people like my friends is a active smoker. One time when I go to the restaurant with my friends my friends cannot smoke on the inside of the restaurant. But after eat my friends still smoke outside the restaurants. So the rules is not working on my friends because my friends still smoke with rules or without rules. So the conclusion is if the government make rules for smoking in any public places many people in Indonesia can still smoke. For example if one man cannot smoke inside the restaurants he can smoke in outside. Because the rules just for the inside not outside. And one thing important to remember for all people, smoke is bad for our health.


I agree if government ban smoking in restaurant because smoking not only harms the smoker but also those around him or her. They should not be allowed to smoke around other people in public. Smoking in public places especially restaurant cause a considerable amount of harm to people and the government should be doing more to protect its citizens. There are some reasons why government should ban smoking in restaurant? One of them is because smoking give some disadvantages whether for active smokier or passive smoker. Cigarettes are full of many harmful substances and if many people know what they were they were inhaling they would probably quit immediately. Cigarette contains thousands of chemicals which can cause lung cancer, heart disease, bronchitis. However, if you ask smoker why do you smoke? What will you get by smoking a cigarette? they will tell you lots of benefits of smoking. The smokers thin that by smoking they can feel relax and reduce stress. However, there is a fact that we must know. Cigarettes are made using tobacco. Tobacco contains of nicotine which is very harmful drug for health. How pity they are, passive smokers who can suffer health problems if they spend long periods of time among who smoke. Government should ban smoking in restaurant because it can hurt other people. Sometimes people throw their cigarette every where. They don't care it can burn things in the restaurant. The world will be clean and comfortable if all of people do not smoke everywhere.


Dangers of smoking to health body has been researched and proven by many people. The adverse effects of smoking was already clearly known. Many studies have shown that smoking increases the risk of various diseases. Such as heart disease and blood vessel disorders, lung cancer, oral cavity cancer, laryngeal cancer, osefagus cancer, bronchitis, high blood pressure, impotence, and pregnancy disorders Recent research also shows the dangers of secondhand smoke, that cigarette smoke inhaled by people for non smokers around smokers, or commonly referred to as passive smokers. Smoking can make people addicted, if you try it once or twice you will want more another day It's supposed efforts to stop smoking is the duty and responsibility of all levels of society. Business information and counseling, particularly among the younger generation, can also be associated with narcotics hazard mitigation efforts, the business school health, and public health education in general. Community role model figures, including officials, religious leaders, teachers, health workers, artists, and sportsmen, it is fitting to set an example by not smoking. It should also limit the opportunity to smoke in public places, schools, public transport, and workplace; regulation and control of cigarette promotional advertising; put health warnings on cigarette packs and cigarette advertising.


We have debate in the class about Should Government Ban Smoking In The Restaurant. I as the person who contra or disagree about intervention of the government to ban smoking in the restaurant. Actually the majority of people know about the dangerous of smoke and they know what is the best and worst for them, however the majority of them are smoker. I think if the government want to reduce the smoker can use other ways such as give elucidation and more information about cigarette or ban smoking in the hospital, etc. As we know that restaurant have management that manage it in order. I am sure that each management in each restaurant will give the best for their restaurant. When the government ban smoking in the restaurant, the management of the restaurant will have difficulties to get a lot of guest and because of this the restaurants will bankrupt because they have no income for manage and regulate the restaurant. Furthermore, it will increase a mount of jobless that made a new problem for government. I assume that the management of restaurants will give the best for their guest in order to they feel comfortable and convenience with their serve both of the smoker or passive smoker, such as provide a room of smoking area for the smoker. The guest who have behavior to smoke after eating will be enjoyable because they have special place to do it without disturb other people. In conclusion the government should not ban smoking in the restaurants because restaurants have management that can manage and give the best for the guest. Other options for the government to decrease that bad effect of smoke are give more information to public and ban in some important place such as hospital.


A restaurant is a place for everyone to eat and drink and the restaurant should forbid people to smoke there because it can interfere with nonsmokers who were eating there, you should also self conscious smokers not to smoke in there I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants, it's true that non smokers can avoid smoke, but that's only if they avoid smokers too. There was a Law in my country when all restaurants were divided in smoking and non smoking section. What happened? All non smokers with friends who smoked had to go to the smoking section because they didn't want their friends to get a ticket for smoking in a non smoking section. Smoking is a bad habit, I don't have to say this cuz all smokers and non smokers know this. My friends smoke less (which is great) when they are at the coffee shop or at the disco because they have to go outside, what they do home is their business but honestly if they smoke inside i don't go to their place, that's my right, and they can't smoke at my place, so if they don't want to come over, it's their right. While the government should banned cigarette ads that aired on television and reduce the circulation of cigarettes in the community for public health and the state guaranteed to be healthy and developed countries.


Smoking is a matter that has a very bad for the health and psychology that is often experienced by active and passive smokers. Not only restaurant in all the places the government should make rules for the smokers. Smoking in the restaurant is a discussion is bad, if someone who did not smoke were eating activity morning, noon or night someone is going to feel nausea and appetite will decrease. In addition, cigarette smoke are going to go into food and cause toxins that tibak good for the digestive tract. Should a manager of the restaurant provides a special place for smokers, so as not to interfere with consumers and food quality can be guaranteed and the customer feel comfortable. if a special place for the peokok not allow the managers of the restaurant should apply the rules for consumers who smoke. In addition, restaurant managers should provide a healthy meal. Awareness in a person is required to continue to adhere to a healthy lifestyle by not smoking, eating a healthy diet and exercise. other than that of smokers also have to know the dangerous or negative impact of cigarettes that can harm themselves and those around it. Smoking is dangerous for smokers and other people too.


Almost everyone knows that smoking causes cancer, emphysema, and heart desease ; that can shorten our life by ten years or more and that the habit can spend cost thousands of dollars' smoker a year, it does not make many people leave the habit, In fact there are still many people do it. Although we often find no smoking writing in many places, many people do not pay any attention. As we know that our goverment ban smoking in all public place, but there are still many people break the role, so Should the goverment ban smoking in the restaurant? I think yes, because restaurant is one of public place, it means that the visitor is not only from smokers but also non smokers. There are many reasons of ban smoking in the restaurant : Passive smoker are also exposed to the smoke. Families that visit the restaurant accompanied by their children, it means that their children are also exposed to smoke, The restaurant will become stuffy with smoke, No fresh air inside the restaurant, or protects non smoker from risk of heart deseases, cancer and respiratory problem. The smoke of cigarettes is dangerous to smokers and non smokers and may cause serious diseases. If we ban smoking it will increase visitor to the restaurant (as non smokers also will pay to visit).


Some people don't realize the dangerous of smoking for health. They just enjoy their cigarette and don't care about other people. There are so many smokers in this country and they smoking everywhere, not only inside their house, but also outside the house, even in public places such as restaurants. Absolutely in restaurants, smoking should be banned. But in a public place outside, it is not a big problem, because you may just walk away if you do not enjoy smelling it or being around it. But when smokers smoke inside restaurant, that could disturb other people while eating. They also can contaminated with the cigar's smoke. In the opinion of scientists, people who breathe the smokes from other people are more having risks. People like this usually called passive smokers. In the restaurants, one smoker can cause many people breathe his smoke as passive smokers. That smoker can make many other people having risk for many serious diseases, such as lung cancer, impotency, etc. So smoking should banned in public places and the government must set out rules for every one not to smoke in public places including the restaurant.


People want to smoke or not is a choice, but how about smoking in restaurant? You must thinking again. Restaurant is healthy place, if smoking in restaurant you will disturb enjoyable of customer and passive smoker more dangerous than active smoker. Restaurant is healthy place, it's mean there is no smoke from cigarette. In restaurant there are many people come to eat. They came with their family and there are children. Smoke of cigarette is unhealthy to their. Not only that, in smoke of cigarette there are contain thousands of chemicals and it can mix with the food. The food will eat by customers. The customers will ill although in the next time. Smoking in restaurant will disturb enjoyable of customers. How can? It very do, because smoke of cigarette is very disturb for customers breath and make the customers to cough. When they cough, they can not enjoy their lunch or their dinner. Passive smoker more dangerous than active smokers. As human know that in cigarette contain thousands of chemicals and that contain is burned, from burned make smoke and the smoke we suck. So, we suck thousand of chemicals. We are passive smoker will have lungs cancer, heart, disease, bronchitis in the next time.


Smoking can be leaving in live, many people like smoking any area and smoking can be crisis globalization. Smoking can make someone die because the cigarette and nicotine have a poison, smoking can make cancer, impotency, and etc. Government must build plan for smoker room, that give a lot many good advantage. Now government and for at Surabaya, now open rules for smoker for no smoking in free area. Restaurant too, because need a fresh food and smoker have no disturb other people. It is make good news for people dislike smoking. Limited area make many effect for all. Thing a warning for people if smoking in restaurant area, or the restaurant make place for smoking room, it is better and perfect solution. If we see, no all restaurant banned for smoking, and rarely smoker not follow the rules, I think the head restaurant talk with bad people not follow the rules. Next 1 years again government permission all place have been free for smoking and banned for not follow the rules, and give warning. Hope restaurant has been back to natural and can be enjoying for eating at restaurant. Because if no smoking at restaurant area, it's make high deficit and have a lot money.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with that statement, because smoking is the bad activity. Smoking in the restaurant will disturb the comfort of all the visitors. Actually, smoking is a bad habit. Because inside of cigarette there are many toxic materials which is can give the health problem. Beside that, smoke of cigarette is also dangerous. In restaurant, if there are person that smoking, certainly the smoke from his cigarette will inhale by another person. And actually, passive smoker is very danger than active smoker. Because inside smoke of cigarette, contain more dangerous toxic material than cigarette. Passive smoker is a person that inhale the smoke of cigarette, and active smoker is a person that smoking. But passive or active smoker, both of it can give the bad effect for body. Negative effect from smoking such as cancer, impotence, heart disease, respiratory disease, digestive disease, bad effect for pregnancy, and many more. If the people want to smoke in restaurant, the restaurant should to make a room that use for people who want to smoke, so as not to disturb the comfort of visitors who do not smoke.


Indonesia is one of country which produced tobacco and it's the biggest of the world. That we can export tobacco to other country for example Germany, Dutch and some country in Europe and also one of the biggest a producer of cigarettes from many kind of brand produced. So that Indonesia is the country with the biggest number of smoker from kids to men or women. Mostly of them smoking in the public place like in the restaurant so government must made a rule about ban to smoking in the public place with there'll be a special place to smoker because in the restaurant very much food and drink can bring hazard's cigarette by mouth, smoke of cigarette by noise etc. I agree with that because smoking can make any disease comes like cancer and any other disease so for people who's not smoking that we know as passive smoker have more serious danger. So number of smoker in Indonesia can decrease and not much people get any disease. I think smoking's ban not only in the restaurant but also in the public place another like café, market, streets and any other public service. Besides government must be serious with this problem and give distinct punishment to people not obey the rule. Government also must give attend from cigarette circulation in the markets.


As is often written in the mass media, electronic media, even by word of mouth, everyone have known that smoking is bad for healthy. But for some people, who really have become addicts/fans of cigarettes, a plea that smoking can cause several diseases, they might have forgotten. Because if they do not smoke, it will definitely affect their mood. Remember that the passive smokers have more severe health risks than active smokers, Indonesian government imposed the rule that people can only smoke in the smoking area. However, this rule is only obeyed by the majority community. Some restaurants may have separate seating for smokers. But the other restaurant just put up a sign no smoking in this place and some small restaurants that are don't care when there are customers who smoke in a restaurant, as long as there is no other customer complaints. But actually there are customers who complain, although not express it directly. Mostly customer comes into the restaurant to recharge the energy not to reduce their lives with breath cigarette smoke. When I travelling in the mall, I often see a glass room full with cigarette smoke. Inside the glass room was filled with men and women who proudly holds the cigarette in his hand while talking with friends. In Indonesia, probably still is taboo when a woman becomes a smoker. Prohibition of smoking in all restaurants might be a good idea, because the restaurant is not only visited by adults only but also the youth. Seeing other people give a bad example, we tend to be goaded to try. Hopefully with a ban on smoking in public areas like restaurants can reduce the danger for young people to become active and passive smokers.


Smoking is not good for healthy. It can make someone who breath its smoke or someone who make it get a lot of sick. Its smoke can be tar in your body and cause a lot of hard breathing. Of course it is not good for your healthy. Some people may not carry about that and keep smoking. In fact people who breath the smoke more dangerous than people who smoking, so smoking should be banned at all restaurant in the country. The first place that must be banned for smoking is restaurant. Because the smoke can make someone is not enjoying his food and can't eat. The second place is in the mall. Mall is indoor place with no window or circulation air. It just has AC for circulation and make it more cold, Because people walk inside for shopping. A lot of smoking are do not care about this situation. They keep smoking even can make another unhealthy. They do not care each other. It is just a human habit. So we must make as strong attention on it. Restaurant and mall must have board that written no smoking inside and make someone pay if there is a person who break that rule.


The cigarettes is not permitted to enter the restaurant, i agree with this opinion, because almost everyone know that cigarette smoking, is not good for our healthy. A restaurant is a public facility, where there are so many people who not at all of them are smoker. Many people go to the restaurant for their meals. Smoking is one of bad habit in our country, they called it as culture. After having lunch or dinner, they have to smoke one, two or more the cigarettes. In fact, they have to spend much money on cigarettes every day. We know there are so many effect if we are smokers, bad effect surely. First, the most effect is disturbing the breathing, disturbing the lung, and the most scream is cancer of lung, and so on. So this is one of reason, why the smoking is not allowed in restaurant. But i think, this is not only for restaurant as public facility, but also in other public places Some of the solutions is the owner of restaurant provide a special place for smoker, where at that place only for they who have a smoke. But at sometime, this rule is not followed by some people, they feel lazy to go to the box smoke. So, next time, the government has to give a rule about smoke and hard punishment for everyone who disobey the rule.


Smoking, this kind of activity is pretty known in our society. Not only in private area like home but also in many public places like restaurant, station, etc. Some men cannot do without smoking. The government's plan to ban smoking especially in the restaurant should not be agreed for several reasons. First, even smoking is unhealthy activity but it is very difficult especially for men not to smoke after or before having breakfast, lunch or dinner. Second, based on the new research of world health organization (WHO), at least more than 50% of human population in the world becomes smoker. So ban smoking is not the best planning to do. It seems impossible for the government to stop people from smoking. If government ban smoking in the restaurant, many restaurant's customer will give a lot of complaining or even leave that restaurant. Finally, cigarette industry is one of industries that pervade many workers, so many people will lose their job and the government itself will lose the income from cigarette industry. The conclusion is if government banned smoking in the restaurant, it will affect not only in society but also in economy sector. So I disagree if there is a rule or law which bans smoking in the restaurant.


Smoking is a habituation for some of people. A part of people say this habituation is bad. In fact the smoker in the world is not a little number. I completely agree with the statement of smoking should be banned in the restaurant, because restaurant is a general place for people. Why should be banned? Smoking make a pollute and make the concentration of air will be dirty by carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide. Both of them and the other concentration included in cigarettes also make our respiratory system will be broken, especially for our lungs. We know that smoking is not only bad for the active smoker, but also for the passive smoker too. We will get in disease in our respiratory system. One of the diseases is cancer. In the restaurant, automatically people need nice services. If the owner let the smoker to smoke their cigarettes there, it will be make the other customers complain. A part of people who have asthma, will disturbed their breathes. In other side, we also have the some negative effects. People who have smoking habituation will be unfreedomly to smoke in this restaurant too and that iss limited their place to smoke's area. It is fine if the other people have different comments and it does not matter if they want to smoke in the restaurant, but it is better if the owner of the restaurant give a special room for the smoker.


Nowadays, there are many people like smoking, not only man but also woman. Some of them fell nice and relax by smoking and also can raise many ideas. But, in the fact, smoking isn't good for our healthy; it causes many risks, such as blindness, stroke, heart attacks, osteoporosis, and cancer. The risk is caused by the ingredients of cigarette. They really dangerous for our healthy. That's way, I agree if the government ban smoking in common area such as restaurant. There are many reasons for this opinion, first is to keep the nutrition and the sterilize of food in the restaurant, because the smoke of cigarette causes air pollution in the restaurant, so it make the air isn't comfortable and the customer will fell disappointed. The second reason is not all people like smoking. Then, the smoker must respect to the other who does not like smoking, because both of active smoker and passive smoker is worse effect of passive smoker. Passive smoker who only inhale of smoke cigarette. The third reason is to decrease the high level of risk smoking, because as we know smoking causes many risks and can shorten our life. In the fact, smoking is right of every one and it does not always have bad effect. Some of people said that they are smoking to raise an idea and exercise their brain in imagination or studying. More over, who is addicted by cigarette, of course he/she can't left smoking although at once or moment. So, the conclusion is the government must give certain place to smoker especially in common place.


In my opinion smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is one of the bad habits that people like to do. The smokers could be man and women, but the women just a little than man. Some people know what the effect from they smoking. One of the effect is that smoking can cancer injuries. That is dangerous for our health. They smoke when they have a free time even their habit. They can smoking at everywhere, they don't realize what the effect to the others people on around them. For example they smoking at restaurant after they have finished eating. Smoking also have some hazard if we want to analysis. There are can make the restaurant conflagration. The conflagration happens from the flame of cigarette, small of flame can make a conflagration the restaurant. One of effect from the conflagration is suffer a financial loss. I agree if smoking be banned at all restaurant, because it can disturb the others customer when they at that restaurant. The other reasons is can make a conflagration. I also have the opinion that a person who smokes is one who burns his money or one who makes other people or themselves suffer from serious illness.


The case of smoking is become a big conversation among people in the world, include Indonesia. In this case of should government ban smoking in restaurant?, Indonesia create an extreme debut actually smoking can be a great problem and also can be a great luck. Just think about both of these controversial there are many people that agree with the banning of smoking in certain place like in this case restaurant and there are also many people disagree about it of course it because of the advantages and disadvantages of smoking. Can said that government shouldn't ban smoker to smoke in restaurants because it will decrease the money income. This statement is excellent but think about it first, actually government has banned smoking in several places such as public transportation, public places, place for kids, place for prayer and restaurant are belong to public place means that people can not smoke in these places and the logic thinking that we can use is if the government ban the smoking in these certain places so that the government has thought deeply about the cause and effect of smoking it self. it also mean that smoker still can smoke except in these four place include restaurants. By banning smoking in restaurants government carry away human right, there must be many smokers lovers want to smoke in every places they stand of course in restaurant but in other head think about smoking unlover, they are furthermore for restaurant that use AC the smoke of cigarette cannot regulate well and it really disturb and sometimes make a dangerous effect.


Today the rate of smokers in the whole world are increase than before. We can find the smokers almost in every public place, including in restaurant. But I think there must be a rule in every restaurant that banned people for smoking. As we know, almost every restaurant use Air Conditioner so the room is kept. If somebody is smoking in restaurant, the smoke will keep stay in the room and be inhaled by the other people in that room. Of course it will give a bad impact in people healthy especially for the secondhand smokers because the smoke from the cigarette is containing many kind of chemical substance that can be poison for human body. Beside it, the smoke also can disturb the comfortable of another costumers in restaurant. People will not feel comfy when they are eating and smelling the smoke of cigarette. The clothes that they are wearing also will smelt of the smoke of cigarette. If people feel not comfy, they will think twice to spend their money and time in that restaurant, and sure it is not good for the restaurant owner. So, if every restaurant owner want their customers stay eat at their restaurant, they should make the rule that ban the smokers to smoke at their restaurant.


Smoking is a bad habit. It is not good for the smoker. Both of the active and the passive smoker get the negative effect. The active smoker actually broke his/her body, specially broke his or her lungs. The passive smoker who does not smoke directly also get the broken lungs. How can? It is because they breathe the smoke from the active smoker. Not only the cigarette but also the smoke cause the cancer. That is why, if we want to keep our cancer healthy, we must stay away from smoking. Do not ever smoke and make a space from the active smoker. Restaurant is a public place. It is for all the people without exception for eating or enjoying lunch and dinner. In a public place, we should have a good attitude. How about smoking in the restaurant? I think it is not polite attitude. As we know that smoking brings many dangerous effects, so we should honour the other people who are in the restaurant too. The smoker is still want to smoke but there are some people do not like smoking. In my opinion, the wise solution is the government do not have to ban smoking in restaurant but they should make a private place for smoker in every restaurant – a separate room for smokers.


Smoking is one kind of activities to inhalate cigarette. From smoking we get smoke tahat damage for our healthy. In indonesia, ingridients of cigarette more than 50 % considt of tobacco that have many nicotin extract. So that's way to banned at all restaurant in indonesia. Active smoking is dangerous for all people that near from them because passive smoker have a bigger change to get sickness than active smokers. Disease from smoking that we are gotten such as impotent, difficult to pregnant, cancer and many other. So, we totaly agree if smoking banned at all restaurant especially in Indonesia. So, if plan can be perform, government in indonesia must prepare many place for smoking area. But in USA, a scientist found an electric cigarette. In this cigarette, we can't found nicotin. Because nicotin are changed as fume. Fume is performed as smoke. Electronic cigarette has battery to full fill their energy. In Europe and USA, many heavy smokers use electronic cigarette because this cigarette can decrease nicotine value in their body. There are many advantages such as decrease negative effect for passive smokers that infected nicotine, cigarette don't make yellow teeth and don't disturb another people with smoke.


Smoking is the activity that can make some of the people feel comfort. They think that the stress will be gone by smoking. For some people, they will smoking in everywhere they can, in this case in restaurant. But for other people, it's disturbing. From this case, I will argue that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the whole country. First, it should be banned because the some that is produced from that activity is harmful. Smoke from that activity, if it is inhaled by people, it can be more harmful. The smoke can make their lungs is not healthy again because of that smoke. The smoke can make the air in the restaurant more dangerous. Next, it should be banned because it's the disturbing activity. Some people won't eat foods when they see that near them is smoking person. The smoke, again, can make them won't eat the foods. The effect of that is, for the restaurant, the profit that the restaurant earned will be down. It's because the people don't want to eat in the restaurant that has not healthy air. From that reasons, the smoke is harmful and it's a disturbing activity, I say that the smoking activity should be banned in all restaurants in the whole country. If necessary, they can take some money from the smoking people. For all the smokers, stop smoking from now, because it's not healthy for your lungs and your body.


Smoking is not good action, because smoking can cause many diseases including heart attack, disorders of pregnancy, impotence and cancer. But many people do not really bother with the dangers that cigarette. Many people become addicted to cigarettes today. Children, adolescents and parents did not escape the cigarette addicts and it is almost impossible for him to stop smoking. Especially people who have many problems or are in an environment that supports a person is smoking. Smoking is sometimes also used as a trend. Someone will be branded gentle when he smoked, or as a means of showing off that one was great. Though the dangers of smoking is very large, nicotine in cigarettes is a harmful chemical in the body. The smokers also sometimes do not give a damn on the environment, in public places they are very casually smoking a result these people will also be smokers (passive smokers), not just smoking carelessly and causing discomfort they also discard cigarette butts carelessly. to the culture of smoking should be avoided because it can interfere with the future, the environment and therefore many more losses. Therefore, I agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.


Smoking is a dangerous activity, because it has very much negative effect, if we are smoking it same as we minus our age, because many property of smoke is a toxic and can disturb our health. that it same as we kill our body slowly, the toxic in smoke can kill our property of our brain, so the smoke also can make us a stupid person, besides kill our property of our brain, smoke also make us be a lazy people, because is we smoking it can make us lazy to do something. Maybe we are not a active smoker, but we are a Passive Smoker, because our friend or our family maybe a smoker. As we know active smoker is a people who smoker, and passive smoker is people who not a smoker but in around of him is a active smoker like his friend or his family. passive smoker is more dangerous than active smoker, because active smoker people usually have a filter to filter the toxic but It not all toxic. and the passive smoker have not a filter, so all of smoke can enter our body and also the toxic. Both passive smoker or active smoker is dangerous. So don't be a smoker. love our health... !!!!


In the perfect situation, smoking policy would be set by bar or restaurant owners, and customers would patronize the establishments with the policy they prefer. Customers would decide without the government's help, if they want to avoid smoke filled rooms or enter them. They might even choose to sit in an area sectioned off for smokers or non smokers, but the ultimate issue is choice. When the government starts telling restaurant owners what their customers can and cannot do, the government is overstepping its boundaries. Our government aims to protect us, to save us from society's evils. However, in an attempt to protect the public from the effects of passive smoking, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service in 1994, the statistical evidence does not support a conclusion that there are substantive health effects the feds have failed to protect a vital part of the Indonesia economic population: business owners. Many people who drink also tend to smoke; banning drinkers from smoking has hurt business in some bars and restaurants. The decrease in customers and subsequent loss of revenue has far reaching effects on employers. A study by LIPI in Earth Day's seminar Effect of Bans on smoking in restaurants can substantially improve the air quality in such establishments.


Smoking is very dangerous for many people. It can be dangerous for itself and other people. Smoking can be caused many kind of diseases. At this time, nothing arrangement that banned. Goverment just say no smoking without given a punish seriously. So, the smoker have no care yet about it. Because they think, if they smoking is no problem so, they do it again, again and again. I'm in the group no smoking. I don't very like smoking. Smoking can bring many disadvantages for many people and for it self. It brings polution, it can make global warming, it can be waste and it can be caused many diseases. I think the government must to make arrangement with good punish. A government must be banned smoking in the public area. Such as, restaurant, halte bus, airport, station and the other public place. Restaurant is important place that don't permit to smoke. Restaurant is the place where many kind of food. Except that, there are many people and children that visit there. The place use air conditioner. So, that will be dangerous if someone smoking. The air is in the place will be mixed with gas that very dangerous. Smoking can make polution for food. So, smoking must be banned in the public place especially restaurant. A government must to instruction to ban smoking in public place especially restaurant and government must to make arragement about that a child under 17 banned to smoking.


Smoking is a bad activities or us, because with a cigarette smoking only, can make our healthy drop. Smoking become a part of modern live, in reality smoking can a enter the disease to come in our body. For example : lung cancer, to damage a mouth, tooth and then our heart. We can feel a bad condition if we are consume a cigarette. For an active smoking, smoke to go out can be serious damage, because this smoke very dangerous for our health and for the negative smoking this smoke still dangerous too. The composition of cigarette are nicotine, tar, fenol, benzoperon. For a worker this activities must be reduce a productivities working and can trouble a work. For a women, can be damage a fetus and many problem to come for a pregnant women. In many countries, this activities was stopped for care a world from the pollution. We realize that activities make our healthy still drop or even death and we must therefore stop it for support this activities. And for our government we can be give a socialization for the young generation, for hope to don't do it or to minimalize the pollution, because any problem produce from cigarette to damage everyone.


According to me, there are two opinion about this. Some people say yes, but others say no. For smokers, cigarette has some advantages. It can reduce their stress and make them calm down. Besides that, it can be a heater when they feel cold. Smoking is our rights and one of the big entry for our country. So maybe it is not fair if smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. And sometimes, in the several restaurant there is a special place for smoker. So we, as a customer who want to eat at that restaurant feel comfort without any complaining about smoking. That's why some people say no if smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. On the other hand, some people agree if smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Imagine when you eat a plate of delicious food and then, there is someone smoke next to you. Of course, you feel not comfortable to eat. If you want to say it to that man, I think you need a bravery to do that. Absolutely, the customer of the restaurant is not only the adult but also many childrens on there. So if you want to eat in the restaurant while you smoke, you better to go to the restaurant which has a special place to smoke.


The discussion with my partner gave a valuable result. We were in the same way that government should ban smoking in the restaurant. The reason is very clear. we all know that smoking has a bad effect for smoker itself and for the passive smoker. Therefore, it is the government's responsibility to decrease smoking activities through the program of forbidding to smoke especially in public area. Restaurant is one of public area that should be enjoyable, comfortable and safe for the customers or visitors. When someone smokes other people will be disturbed. In addition Indonesian people have a bad behavior. They will smoke after having meal. They will not be relaxed if they don't smoke after having a meal. So, the people, especially men, mostly smoke when they are in a restaurant. It will possibly disturb other people. In this case, restaurant have a big advantages especially for smokers that usually like getting together with their partners by having some meals and beverages. When they have a spare time, they will set an appointment to go to a restaurant (for example) and then have a chat. At this time, they often smoke in there. It's a common behavior. Therefore we can not let it happen it will reduce the comfort of the restaurant.


Smoking is a practice in which a substance, most commonly tobacco or cannabis, is burned and the smoke is tasted or inhaled. This is primarily practised as a route of administration for recreational drug use, as combustion releases the active substances in drugs such as nicotine and makes them available for absorption through the lungs. It can also be done as a part of rituals, to induce trances and spiritual enlightenment. Smokers often report that cigarettes help relieve feelings of stress. However, the stress levels of adult smokers are slightly higher than those of nonsmokers, adolescent smokers report increasing levels of stress as they develop regular patterns of smoking, and smoking cessation leads to reduced stress. Far from acting as an aid for mood control, nicotine dependency seems to exacerbate stress. Many smokers come to depend on the positive effects of nicotine, such as boosting their mood, improving short term memory and concentration, and producing a sense of well being. There are many more reasons to quit using tobacco. Knowing the serious health risks may help motivate you to quit. When used over a long period, tobacco and related chemicals such as tar and nicotine can increase your risk of many health problems. There are two types of cigarettes, cigarette filter and no filter. In cigarette filters are made of foam synthetic fibers that function to filter nicotine. The danger for the body which can cause cancer, lung, impotence and disorders in the fetus, while the danger to the environment can cause air pollution caused by smoke cigarettes smoked. Actually the most dangerous among passive smokers and active smokers, passive smoking is dangerous because nonsmokers inhale the cigarette smoke the most. Cigarettes are also in addition can also be deadly dangerous and will lead to an addiction to the wearer.


Smoking should be banned at all the restaurant in the country. I think that rule is good for many people because smoking can make other people sick and the smoking is not good for our body. Now in many restaurant the smokers already banned because they smoke not good to another people. The smoker can smoke but only in the special room and not in public room because that can make people sick and not enjoy the food they buy. Smoking should be banned not only in restaurant but also banned in public facilities such as airport, railway station so all the people can enjoy the public facility without smoke and we help to save the world in to green concept. In another side smoking it's not good for a body because smoking have a lot of poison that can make our body sick. Smoking is linked to lung cancer, heart disease and other diseases. Besides, smoking kills many people every year. So I have to recommend the smoker must be stop smoking in restaurants and all public places or if they want to smoke they can go to smoking room because in that room the smoke and the poison has been naturalize to good air and they will not disturb other people.


I agree I think the government should be make a rule about smoking. In Indonesia, smoking is a habit. Part of Indonesia society is smoker. In a day the smoker usually spent the cigarette more than one pack. They think smoking is nice activity. Although smoking is dangerous for our healthy. Because the contain of cigarette smoke including arsenic, ammonia, hydrogen, and other toxic substances. It cause many disease such as respiratory problem, liver, cancer, etc. But active smoker have big risk than passive smoker, because the active smoker produce more cigarette every day. The smoker often smoking in anyplace, and cigarette smoke can disturb other people. The government must ban the smoker to smoking in anyplace, especially in the restaurant. Because restaurant is place to eat, and produce any food. If the other people smoking in there, that will be disturb other customers and ruin the clean environment. 1. The cigarette smoke will be damage the smell and the taste of food 2. The cigarette smoke can disturb the breath The rule to ban smoking in the restaurant is very important, every restaurant has to make a room for the smoker. So, the cigarette smoke isn't disturb the other customers in the restaurant, and they will enjoy and comfortable having food without cigarette smoke.


Smoking make human more relax and can forget his all problem temporary. But smoking have many negative effects for our body, for example related to cancer, lung disease, impotence, etc. and in the cigarette have a nicotine which make we always to try or consumption it. Advantage if we smoking, we can get or make good decided at we have a problem, because we have cold head. The statement about smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country is not solve the problem. That statement is confusing, because have not real action about smoking problem. I disagree with that statement, but I agree in other side. I disagree because I am smoking, and I agree because I am looking in healthy side. Government must make a smoking area, so if people want to smoke must in the smoking area. That is good solve about this problem. Nothing who is disadvantage with the solve from the government. Because we know that negative effect for passive smoker is more danger more than active smoker. For passive smoker you don't try smoking forever, because if you smoke at the first time, you will be active smoker. For active smoker if you want smoke don't smoking in universal place or you can smoke in the smoking area.


Smoking is a bad activity for me because it can damage human's health. In this time the sum of smokers in Indonesia increase, not only from adults but also from child. This condition will bring bad effects in the future for youth generation in Indonesia. There are two opinions about smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. Some people think that smoking after eat is an usual habit. They will feel an unusual feeling if they do not smoke after eat. Most of smokers think that smoking can help them to get inspirations. They also think that if smoking should be banned, it can give bad effect for cigarettes businessman. If smoking should be banned at all restaurants, automatically it will decrease their's factory income, beside that it also can decrease the income of cigarettes factory's employee because many people work in cigarettes factory people in Indonesia. In the other side, some people agree if smoking at all restaurants in the country should be completely banned. They think that smoking has more bad effect than good effect. They think that smoking can affect many illness for human's health. Beside that smoking also can waste human's money in vain especially for students. In this time many students in Indonesia become a smoker. They will ask to their parents to give them more money with many kinds of reason. They do it in order to hide their secret if they are a smoker. If their parents know about it, their parents will be angry with them. So, the opinion about smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country must be considered many times before do it in reality life.


Smoking can give bad effects for us not only to the smoker but also to the others (non smoker). Here is the reason. One day when we have time for walking in some places like parks, malls, restaurants, etc. We can also meet smokers in there. Directly, this condition make us uncomfortable. Although, there is a sign 'no smoking' in that place but smoker still free for smoking. Unfortunately, as non smoker (passive smoker), we will get the bad effect from their action, too. The smoke is dangerous because it contain some chemicals materials such as nicotine. It can disturb our lungs's health after long time as the bad effect. I think, it is important for making some regulations about smoking in general places like in the restaurant. Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. That is one of the way to minimize bad effect due to smoking. No Smoking ! board should be placed at right side, so the people can easy to read. A free smoking room is need for smoker in the restaurant. So they do not disturb other guest. The men usually like to take a cigarette in restaurant before or until their food is served. They also smoking after having their dinner. A heavy smoker can buy one pack of cigarette everyday.


Well, smoking is the popular thing in the world. The majority of people especially the man is smoker. But now not only men but also the woman also is smoker. They enjoy with that because smoking can decrease stress and sleepy. The smoker can smoke everywhere they are, because it is their right as human being who lives in the world usually the smokers smoke after eating and somebody usually eat in the restaurant. So I don't agree if the government ban smoking in restaurant, because usually someone smokes after eating. They can be more enjoy after eating. The government should think how to solve the problem and the idea will not suffer both restaurant and the smoker. So I think the owner of the restaurant should have two areas for the customer who is smoker and not. So the customer can enjoy the food and the restaurant can have many customer. Talking about the disease as the effect of smoking, I think it is just trick for the people who hate smoke and want to damage the smoke industry because the diseases come from many other reasons and causes. Although the person does not smoke but they can get disease so the smoker can smoke everywhere no exception in the restaurant.


A smoker's (poor) choice should not affect the health of others. Smoking can make our body sick and not healthy because cigarette have many dangerous substances. The smoke of cigarettes contains hundreds of toxic chemicals. There are Nicotine, Tar, etc. But nicotine is very dangerous substance which be found in cigarette. Smoking can cause cancer, coronary heart disease, impotency for men, respiratory problems, and many other diseases. Smoking in the restaurant very bad for healthy because in the restaurant many person eat. Non smokers should not be subjected to this disgusting habit. Because if we eat in the restaurant and then someone smoking in the area so we will feel not comfortable and we will be not healthy. Passive smoking more than dangerous than active smoking. I'm have a Idea for prevent a smoking in the restaurant. In the restaurant must warning No Smoking in Restaurant. A smoker ill still have the right to smoke in his own space. The right to slowly and deliberately harm others was never yours to begin with. Wanting to ban smoking in public places isn't about taking away a smoker's rights. So if there are person smoking in the restaurant, the person must pay a fine from restaurant side.


As we know that smoking has more dangerous than the benefit. But up to know still many people smoke, even they have known about the dangerous of it. I agree if smoking banned in the restaurant. More over if it banned in all of the places. Because restaurant is the common place. Many people come there. Not only gentlemen but the ladies are also there. So if smoking is still never mind used in the restaurant, it will disturb the guest there. Beside of it, we are as the owner and the user this earth, so we have to take care our earth. If the smokers smoke everywhere, more over in the public place, it same with that they kill people slowly. Because the smoke will come to the body and will be illness. The passive smoker is more dangerous than the active smoker The government must be active to forbid the smokers to smoke in the restaurant in order to make the sterile place from smoke, and make the guest fell happy and not disturbed when come to the restaurant. And surely the restaurant will be full of the visitors. So who wants to live healthy, so must aware that smoking is very dangerous, and must be banned in the public place especially in the restaurant as the food place and rest place.


Actually, smoking is not good for health. Because smoke result sickness of lungs disease, heart disease, cancer, chronic illness and etc. but there are many people not yet understand about dangerous of smoke. They are not interest with health. For them, smoke become hobby of them. Many people have a smoking very difficult for stop from smoke for them if not smoking. They will feel not nice and they cannot get a good inspiration. In spite of passive smoke also more serious, because can make happen suffer sickness infertile for girls, lungs disease, heart disease, and etc. This condition, caused by passive smoker more many to suck in smoke from other people while active smoker a few to suck in smoke because they are only enjoy smoking. According my idea, I agree about smoking should be completely at all the restaurant in the country because with that procedure to avoid air pollution and many sickness which caused by smoke. In beside that, this procedure also can make many people to be economical of money them. Because they are not again buy a cigarette and they are also not improvident. That for, we must be to avoid many smokers in our country, maybe if we direct stop smoker for not smoking that cannot because if someone being addicted of smoke so that is very difficult to stop. Any of them for finish in this problem is make realize to smokers actually smoking not good for health and instruct for them to decrease smoking.


I strongly agree that government have to make ban smoking in restaurant for some reasons. First, smoking not good for our body. There are many poison in cigarette, and it so bad for our body such as, nicotine tar asphalt, etc. They are chemistry elements. If our body brust them it is really hurt for our body, and it can make heart attack. Second, the smoke can disturb everyone that eat in the restaurant. Smoking is dangerous not only for the smokers but for other people around them as well Although we do not smoking, but as a passive smoker there is not difference between passive smoker and active smoker. Passive smoker as a sacrifice as active smoker. Third, the smoke of cigarette in restaurant can make the room so dirty and not healthy. We cannot stay here comfortable. The visitors begin decrease and it make the restaurant lose because of the cigarette's smoke. Fourth, the rule can decrease death risk. Many people get lung cancer because of cigarette smoking and die. The restaurant can help government for support these rule. The restaurant not give chance for smoker to smoke. The restaurant just serve some nice food as the way to life healthy. We can life healthy without smoking.


Majority of people know that cigarette is very dangerous and give many bad influences to their bodies, also passive smoker. In addition, they also aware that smoking will consume much to their money only, furthermore they will get nothing just feeling enjoy for a moment. I also aware about that but personally I disagree if the government will ban smoking in the restaurant. Though, I always feel disturb with the smoker but I assume that government should take other effort to decrease influence of smoking. In the future, if government will ban smoking in the restaurant, we won't be able to think the condition of restaurant, they will be loss or maybe bankrupt because the guests especially men, however women likely to smoker after they eating will not come. Furthermore, we can imagine that there are a few restaurant only and certainly, it is bad fact to the people especially carrier woman and their families who prefer to eat in the restaurant because she has not enough time to cook and busy with other activities. They will confuse to choose place where they will eat. Alternative way to minimize bad impact of smoker who are the guests of certain restaurant, management of restaurant should provide smoking area that is allow the guest smoke. I am quite sure that it will not disturb other guests and restaurant still keep fresh environment. Beside that, in my view, although government will ban smoking in the restaurant, it will not work well and ineffective enough without awareness of the smokers. To conclude government should not ban smoking in the restaurant because it will make the restaurant loss and make the smokers unenjoyable to come.


Smoking is bad habit of human kind. even it a bad habit, some people still do that for any reason. Some people say that smoking is one thing to get relax or leave from they problem. Other reason they cannot think without smoke cigarettes. Over all smoking still be a bad thing in any reason. Smoking in the public property is bad too. Even in restaurant. Because of that, smoking should be banned in restaurant. Beside that, if the smoker can smoking in every place included restaurant, they was disturb other people in that place specially the children and mom. When the smokers smoking at the restaurant, they already contaminated the food with their cigarette and make the taste of food is not delicious anymore. The people will not enjoy the food. If the restaurant did not banned the smokers then the Quality of the restaurant will go down. Otherwise, passive smoker (this is a name for people who not smoking but got effect from smoking) suffer and get a serious disease such as lung cancer or others. So I think smoking in public place such as the restaurant must be banned in the country. The government must restrict restaurant allow smoking or give warning.


In the perfect situation, smoking policy would be set by bar or restaurant owners, and customers would patronize the establishments with the policy they prefer. There are two kinds of restaurant room. Smoker room and non smoker room. When the government starts telling restaurant owners what their customers can and cannot do, the government is overstepping its boundaries So, for any body is not smoker, they can enjoy in the special room that different with smoker room. There is another argument rages over the effects of smoking on public health. But in other hand, smoking tobacco is not illegal act, yet the 25 percent of Americans who do smoke are often treated as if they was criminals. They are incessantly nagged, blamed for numerous illnesses and unpleasantries, and made to feel guilty by self righteous non smokers. So, banning smoking in all public restaurant violates principle and jeopardizes our freedom. Smoking should not be banned in all restaurants. A ban on smoking imposes unnecessary governmental interference in private business, affects business owners negatively, and discriminates against smokers. However, smokers in the restaurant must choose the smoking area so that they will not harm the other customers who do not smoke and need the clean air environment.


Cigarette is the most deadly stuff humans consume in the world. Smoking cigarettes cause most people die because of lung cancer or heart disease. But most people still consume it because smoker said it make them feel calm. Unfortunately they have addicted with cigarette because of nicotine. Many country has make a rule for not smoking at the some area. For make a fresh air and not harm other people (called passive smoker). Smoking is not healthy for body because most inside the cigarette is dangerous chemical. That's why that a rule for not smoking for person under 18 years old, because it make a huge effect for a child. Many must effort to stop smoking but it's very hard because they have addicted with a cigarette. Usually they use a gum for change a cigarette. It may work for some people but may it not work too. So if you do not want harm yourself, your family or other people, stop smoking right now and if you are smoker, and don't ever touch the cigarette any more. Smoking in a restaurant is annoying to other people. For this reason, smoking should be banned at all public places, include the restaurant.


Secondhand smoke contains hundreds of toxic chemicals including arsenic ammonia, hydrogen cyanide, formaldehyde, benzene, and vinyl chloride. It is known to cause cancer, coronary heart disease, and respiratory problems. There is no risk free level of exposure to secondhand smoke. I agree if all restaurant should be completely banned for smoking. A restaurant is a place for having meals and should not be polluted by the smoke of cigarettes. Besides it if the restaurant not application for example in the pub discotheque it impossible for application this rule so in the conclusion it better the pub give smoking area in this area so not missing human right for active smoking and not give suffer a loss for passive smoking because the effect for passive smoking is more dangerous than active smoking. However individuals who smoke should realize that smoking in public places can be a source of great inconvenience to people who are around. Hence it is imperative that they should refrain from smoking in places where others are present. It is the only way to deal with passive smoking in an effective manner. Parents who smoke at home should be aware of the consequences that their action can have on their children, and so should not smoke in front of them.


It is true that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Why smoking should be completely banned at all country ? Because smoking causes many trouble for your body and it is not good for healthy and causes lung problems too. Not just the people smoking get that problems the other visitor can get the problems too. Not just passive smoker but the passive smoker can get the lung attack to because the breath with smoke from the smoker. Not just the smokers self will get hurt bit the other non smoker people will gets hurt too. Because of that reason smoking is always be banned in all restaurant because it will be disturb the other visitor for that restaurant. Some restaurant or hotel will give a punishment for the visitor who use smoke it the area that smoke is banned usually the punishment is you must pay for the punishment. The punishment is depend in the that restaurant. Because of that many restaurant give the smoker rooms for them to smoke and usually it apart from the restaurant main room an there is visitors don't want to become one whit the smoker. Because of that the restaurant banned the smoker except they have smoking rooms.


I disagree if human smoking in the restaurant. Smoking is a very unfortunate in human life, either man or woman until adult or children. I think that because smoking can be kill human pass smoke because bane in the smoke. People in the round of the smoker can we call a secondhand smoke. The smokers can we call murder. I said that because every smoke that out of the mouth contain 75% bane for the people in the round (secondhand smoke) and the rest 25% enter into the smoker's body. Every smoke out of the mouth can make effect heart disease, lung cancer; distract brain nerves, pregnancy disorders and defects in the fetus. Not only cause disease but the family economy can be reduced. Spending the money used to spend a lot of cigarette rather than spend the purposes of family or yourself. Better to save money to future than spend cigarettes. Smoking in the restaurant can we said very dangerous coz restaurant is the public places. In the restaurant always visited by children until adults. Really do not have a heart if it was always smoking in public places like restaurants and others. While also, smoking in restaurants to show examples of the wrong in front of children.


Smoking is some bad habit actually, because not only bad for our health, but it have addicted effect. Besides, the effect of smoking, not only harm the user, but the others around that smokers too. Especially in the restaurant, the place we replenish our energy and enjoying the meal. Maybe for the smokers, the smoke from their cigarette it is not disturbing, although still can harm their health, but what about the others which not smoking? That smoke, not only disturb by that smoke, but get the negative effect too. So unconsciously, the smokers bring harm to other people by doing that. Maybe it is hard to stopped smoking for smokers which already addicted to cigarette, but it does not mean they can bring harm to others. So, the one of effective way to prevent the smokers bring harm to another people is by completely banned smoking in the restaurant which have many people, it means all restaurant in the country. By doing that, hopefully can preventing air contamination to everyone which not smoking. Besides, passive smoking maybe have more greater harm than the smokers itself. So, if the restaurant in country can completely banned to smoking, that is not just bring health for others, but for the smokers too.


If we look about a theme, it is interesting for me because I do not like smoking. As we know, Smoking can make disturb our healthy. Then, how about the thinking of smoker? Maybe, these are motto of people who like to smoke. Such as: Smoking is my life, smoking is the real life, smoking can make me feel comfort, and more. Because of without smoking, they (smoker) will feel unhappy. I do not know why they feel like that. You know that I am not a smoker so I cannot explain why they feel like that. As far as I know, smoking can make person who like smoke be opium. In fact, I agree with this statement. Because it make our earth save from pollutions, the people will be not disturbed their healthy by smoker, because they (the smokers) do not smoke. And the air will be fresh. Yeah, it is the beautiful conditions, isn't it? So, what's the theme will be good if it apply in the country? I think it is not good. Because the smoker will be disagree with this statement. But, if there is place that the smoker can do smoke, maybe it will be solution about this statement.


In my opinion the government should not ban the smoking in the public places especially in the restaurant. Firstly the cigarette manufacture has a high participation of making high income for the financial of our country, Indonesia. It is not only used for the government but also for fulfilling the needs of all aspects that are faced by the government, like education, housing, governor and many things. It means that decreasing the using of the cigarette will bring to the decrease of income also. And it will make Indonesia will be worst. Restaurant is one of the places that people are used to visiting to when they get bored. So they want to do something that will refresh their brain after having a lot of work activities. Based on research that conducted by one of the doctors, having smoking is able to make the body of the human being healthy. Furthermore, if the restaurant have the route that the visitors should hot smoking there, it will decrease the profit of the owner because the visitors will also decrease. Unemployment is one of the big problems that are faced by the government of Indonesia. When government decides to ban the using of smoking in public places especially in the restaurant, it will decrease the demand of the cigarette. It means that the production of the cigarette will also decreasing and the owner will fire the employment out. So that's why the number of unemployment will be increase. In brief, the government should not ban smoking in the public places especially restaurant because it has many disadvantages not only for the human but also for the government itself because the number of restaurant in Indonesia is very high.


Smoking is not good for health and almost all people know about it. But there is still many people who be smoker and there are increasing smoker in Indonesia. Although there is a rule about smoker in order to not smoking in everywhere, but there are many smoker that break the rule. They are smoking not only in outdoor are but also in the indoor area, like in restaurant and other public area like bus station, airport or even in the hospital. Sometime smoker do not care and do not aware that they have disturbed another people. They just think about theirself. They just think about theirself. Smoking in the restaurant also can cause the food that they have ordered is dirty. There are many particle of cigarette that fall into the food, and make the food is not health. The smoke of cigarette is very dangerous if it is sniffed by people – not only the smokers but also the other people around. It can make the air pollution in the restaurant. Sometime it can caused someone has asthma. The government should have a real policy about it and they should make punishment for someone who break the rule, exactly in the restaurant. Because of there is not advantages from there.


Of course we know that smoking is not good for our body. We know that. We can sick even we are not a smoker but when we are near the people that is smoking we the smoke is not good for our body actually the smoker. Smoking can cause pneumonia and many other diseases. Also smoking can cause people dead. Anyway smoking should be banned at all the restaurant in the country because smoking in the restaurant is very not good for the people near the smoker. So better if smoking should be banned at all the restaurant in the country for our good. And this should be continue. Smoking should be banned at many place. Because not just the old man that have smoking but even a young boy have smoking. This is not good for the young generation. So bad. Because they are our future. So we have to banned smoking at many place even we can banned smoking in the country for our body health, for our good future, for our young generation. I agree with the government that eliminate smoking in a restaurant although many people who would against government action the eliminate smoking in the restaurant.


Smoking is a general thing that people do right now. Almost every people especially the man was smoked every time and everywhere. Smoking is like thing that can make the people always want to and smoking is like eating because the smoker can keep his hungry with smoking. Sometimes smoking can make other people annoy if their smoke at the wrong place like a restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant make a other people breathe the smoke when their eating. The restaurant identical with eating the food and drinking not for smoking. Smoking also make the smoker and the other people who eat in the restaurant will be the disease for their health, and this make the other people who is not smoking was annoyed because the smoke from the smoker. But there are some restaurant make a decision not to smoking in their restaurant. So, I think smoking in the restaurant is not the right thing to do, because of that we must remember if you are a smoker at the restaurant, better you must not smoke that time and after or before you eating, you can go outside the restaurant to smoke. With this you are not annoy other people who are not smoke in the restaurant.


Generally, smoking is very dangerous four human's body. is very, I very agree if government has program to ban smoking in restaurant but it is difficult. The smoke of active smoker in restaurant will disturb another guest who are not smoke or passive smoker. The dangerous of smoke from cigarette are appear heart attack, stroke, lungs cancer and the most frighten is caused sudden death. Commonly, many people not comfortable with the smoke and the active smoker have to aware it. Their behaviors can kill their partners or person who is around him. In restaurant, there are meals and drinks. We can imagine when there is smoker and the smoke adhere unto the food and there is guest eat it. It means that they have ate meals include the poison of cigarette nicotine. Although there are some restaurant provide special place for smoker, I think it this will not run well. Absolutely, not at all restaurant in Indonesia can do it. In addition, we know for Indonesian people is very useless there is rules because in daily activity they will resist it. Many people think that there are many disadvantages if this program realize, it will appear unemployment. Commonly, the cigarette factory can absorb many employer and if this program held they will get lost their job. And the means is the country will lost their income. But we have to come back into the first argument the human healthy is very important. For employer in cigarette's factory, they will get many bad effect. Many proof in this idea. The women employer can pregnant because then embryo will lost in young age. It is very frighten. So we can do this program, obey that rule or we will get many dangerous illness.


I quite agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant. However, this is very complicated because in general, Indonesian people are people who really do not discipline against a regulation, especially laws that they think are not important and interfere with their comfort. This used to be very regrettable because I saw a lot in public places is primarily Restaurant banned smoking even though it is already marked but the smokers still smoke in the venue. This is of course very disturbing, especially for consumers who do not smoke in the restaurant   others, especially women and children. And if the smokers are in general warned they would be offended and angry. One which I think is very funny and absurd. We will not be able to become a great nation if the people manage discipline alone cannot. I see the efforts were good enough to provide a place for smokers and banning smoking in public places, but it will not work if no strong action for the perpetrators. So I think for every restaurant should provide special places for smokers with a short distance with other consumers who do not smoke. This is for maintaining the health and future of society itself.


I always meet somone who smokes cigarettes every where, so disturb. Actually I do not like someone who smoking in social area. Didn't they know that this act will disturb people around of him or maybe they know but they unrespect with human right. People around the smokers called passive smokers, as a people they also have their rights. Let me remind you again that smoke can cause a bad effect in out body. The younger the onset of smoking the longer one will most likely smoke and the younger one is more likely to die. Smoking is a slow killer, not just to the smoker but to those also around him as they are effected by second hand smoke. The life expectancy of the smoker is cut short by 10 12 years and more than half of all smoker die from smoking related disease. If you an active smokers and want to quit, now is the right time to stop. Planning to stop smoking or even just for cigarette habit has affected everyone at one time or other, directly or indirectly. if you do it now, you can make a big difference to your health and these smoking fact can be turned around. it is never too late to stop smoking and greatly benefit your health and today is a good day to stop.


Smoking has become a habit that is very common and widespread in the society. Dangers of smoking on the health of the body have been studied and proved by many people. Adverse effects of smoking was already known for certain. Many studies have shown that cigarettes contain many toxic stuff and therefore smoking increases the risk of various diseases, such as heart disease, lung cancer and impotency for men. In fact, this smoking habit is hard to break and people are rarely recognized as a bad habit. Moreover, people who smoke to distract themselves from stress and emotional pressure, more difficult to break away from this habit than smokers who do not have a background of depression. Therefore, I think government should ban smoking in restaurant and other public places because it will help to stop smoking and it doesn't disturb people and harm other peoples' health. I have read just now that Spain bans smoking in café and restaurant. Effective as of January 2, 2011, the Spanish people are not allowed to smoke in cafes, restaurants, and bars. In addition, there is also a ban on smoking advertisement commercials and on television. It is a good example and I think we can imitate it.


Many people in the earth died because smoking. Smoking is very dangerous to health, it fire our lungs and make sick our body. The doctor can not help you if the situation is very dangerous, you only can stop to smoking and healthy live. With smoking, nicotine in cigarette can make you sick. In some place, many people smoking and disturb many people in their near. Because, only with the smoke, can make sick our lungs. And people in near people smoking is very poor. Because it's very danger. So, many place make special room to people like smoking. And that very helpful to many people. We can see in many mall, café, n many place. So, if you see people smoking, you must far from they to save your health. And to you smoker, you must stop to smoking. I agree with the government that eliminates smoking for a restaurant, although many people would criticize government action that eliminates smoking. Smoking can harm the environment, especially for passive smokers to secondhand smoke may not feel the effects now but maybe ten years to come. Dangers of smoking can also harm the surrounding environment in particular can increase air pollution.


