In high school, most of the school doesn't suggest their students for doing the part time job. I think that's because some of the students who was doing a part time job still couldn't manage their time effectively. In fact, their score are decreasing because of that. We are students whose first priority is studying. If part time job give bad effect to our score, I think it is better to stop doing a part time job. But now, we are college students. We have to manage our time wisely. We should consider that doing a part time job can give us many advantages. With part time job, we can help our parent for searching for money. And, instead of collecting money, experience is more wonderful present we got from doing the part time job. Experience can help us doing many things and making a conclusion. Experience is required too in searching for the real job. Nowadays, there are many college students that do part time job beside college and doing well in both college and part time job. If we could do them both, don't be hesitated. Do both college and part time job. It really gave us precious experience we need. It is important for college students to have a part time job.


I am agree education cannot be separated from human life. From the moment we are born, we have got education. Based on Juhn Dewey, education is one of the renewal process the meaning of experience. This process involves the supervision and development of minors and the group where he lived. In addition to getting education from the family, over time we need a formal education. From here, the importance of schools and colleges as a means to help realize the creation of quality human resources. From formal education, the student will get a lot of knowledge from all fields. During in education student will gain knowledge in accordance with the talent, achievements and skills practiced. The theory gained from education would be more useful if put into practice immediately in the workplace. With so theory and practice in the field balanced. In theory lectures will be obtained, then applied in practiced. Students need to find a part time job in addition to his education. To get both, students must be clever in managing the time between academic achievement with the part time job. By sharing a good time, they will walk in balance. Even better if the job in accordance with part time job discipline practiced. I strongly agree with the statement which stated that a student is important to have a part time job. From there someone will get experience in the practice in the field. Students also will be able to apply theory learned from school. With two events running simultaneously, which will help students practice in managing time. Person's ability to manage time will bring success in life, because time is key achieve success.


Nowadays, college students are allowed to take part time jobs while studying. The type jobs are varies from shop clerk to cleaning services. Personally I think that these part time jobs are important to college students. As we can see, not everyone in this world is rich. The same applied to college students. Some of them can not their education fees and may need to have additional income source. One of those sources is by doing part time jobs. Part time jobs allow the college students to earn money without neglecting their studies. It is an effective solution for students with monetary problems Besides money, part time jobs also give work experience. When we are entering the world, experiences are a good asset for us. Those assets can be gained by doing part time jobs. For example: waiter. In some restaurant, we can see many part timer works as waiter. Those waiters can get communication experiences while they serve the customer. Part time jobs also can increase some essential skills. One of them is time management. Part timer must manage their time so their work schedules are not crashes with their college schedule. Also they must know when to take a break for learning and doing projects. This way they can learn how to manage their time effectively. Part time jobs can be helpful for college students. It can give additional income, experiences and building our skills. So I think it is important to have part time jobs.


I think get a part job while study, is depend on the person. If she/ he wants to gain money or get more experience I think it should be okay. But, when we are really busy, no time and easily tired. It is not better choice. Get part job has a negative and positive opinions. In positive : you can get more money for helping your parent, increase your income, get more experience, get more friends and more independent for take care your self so you can be mature. And the negative area is : you easily for tired, spending many time for work, and less time of study. If you want to get good mark, I think we should think twice about take a part job like this? Can we manage our time, and can we maintain all of this, although we should think twice about our body health.. because take a part job is pretty difficult when you can't manage it in the right side. If I must choose one of this.. I will not. Because It is pretty difficult from me to manage my time, and actually I am easily tired. Despite, I didn't have any goals in my major (accounting ) like getting a good Final Exam mark or etc, I just doing all of this as usual. Take a part job like this just spend my time and myself into risks. So I absolutely refuse about this.


I feel it is important for college students to have a part time job Important or not important is according to their economy situation, ambitions, and many others reasons. If their parent rich maybe it is not too important because they can paid all of the college cost, and books. But if they are a poor family or middle maybe sometimes they need to do a part time job to add their income, or maybe they want something more. Some college students sometimes have a part time job to fulfill their ambitions to be a richer man, but I think study is more important for college students than doing a part time job. Because the smarter they are the faster they will finish their course, and they will save more money because they not repeat their course, they will ready to face a better job, be more serious than before because they do not need to split their concentration with their part time job and study time. For poor students of course a part time job is important because they need more money to pay for the college cost, for their books, and their transportation. Generally some students do noy take a part time job seriously.


There are three reason why I agree that a college student should have a part time job. First of all, They will learn how to manage the money effectively. With worked as a part time, they will get more money and they can commute their parent's burden with help to pay their school. It is not only money that the student must be able to manage effectively. The student will learn how to manage time too. They will learn to divide their time between work and study. This way, they become an expert in time management if they can balancing part time work with their studies. So, all their time won't be wasted because of doing activity that is not too important or not productive. And the last, the student will get more friends outside the university. It can be hard to meet people when at university or at least a different crowd of people. But If you work outside the university, you will meet lots of new people, making new friends which can be refreshing when university becomes a bit stale and suffocating. Some people may disagree with me, but I believe there are more benefits for people who work part time while studying.


As a college student, it is important to have a part time job. It have many benefit for them. The first benefit is it can up his / her experience about working before they have a real job. Students will need to know how they act at work place, what they must do, and how they use their ability at work. And they need to know too how they talk with the boss, what they need to do to earn a raise, and learn a socialism at their work place. The second benefit is to help their parents about school funds. Have a part time job can help students to decrease their parents works, or to up his month income. It is useful for them that live in poor families and have low month income. The third benefit is it can help the preparation of a student before they have a real job. So students will not surprised when they feel something different from working. Because the level of difficulties between the real life at work place and the college life is really different. At college, we only get frustated from the homework or study things. But at work we can get frustrated from our boss, our enemy, or even our friends.


Part time job for college students are depends on the people point of view. In some countries, part time job are considered as a form of learning to merge with society, learn how the working environment is, and gaining new experience. Indonesia people have many different opinions in part time job. Some think that part time job is not necessary and they need to focus on their college. They think that the experience of working can be learned later after the education has finished. Some parents think that working can disturb the learning process of their children. The other thinks that working can make their children unwillingly continue their study and prefer working than learning. In my opinion, I have two different points of view. Firstly, I agree that working can be used as the media of learning of society. They can see and understand many new conditions, level of works, and the most important thing is to increase their funds. By receiving their own salary from working, they helped their parent indirectly because at least they can use their salary for daily needs. But working is not recommended for the students who already full of assignment and activity. Some colleges force the student to study by giving them a lot amount of task. Some students get into the organization or extracurricular activity such as sports and so on. If they have already busy with their work, it will become a burden for the students if they work. So the conclusion is part time work can be effective for certain people.


It is important for college students to have a time part job because a college's life require a lot amount of money, so, as a way to help their parents, a college student usually spend some of their time for taking a part time job. And talk about part time job, There is a lot variety of that. Start from look after a shop up to do some help at local farm. All with its own difficulty, looking after a shop might be an easy one, but taking care of a farm's animals or crops. That will require a lot of energy, some extra skill and knowledge. The variety of payment that a college student can have are also different. Some jobs will not give you much but, other will be rewarding. The problem with having a part time job is that, if you cannot manage your time you will not have time for study or doing some home works and this will result badly in your college's study result. So, Time managing when you have a part time job is very important. Here is some tips, Try to find a part time job that will not require your entire weeks since study and rest are very necessary, And the last one is to find a job that you can really do. Well, I think that would be all.


Since we were born until graduated from high school, our parents have supported us in financial needs. Even while attending college, we still use our parents money. But not all the students are relying on their parents. Some are working part time as teacher for elementary students, junior high school students, or senior high school students. Working part time does not mean you have to be a teacher. But there are many other jobs. We can look for it in the internet or ask for help at CAC (Career Assistance Center at our university). Or, we can ask a recommendation from friend who is having part time job. Working part time doesn't mean we have to work while we are studying. We can work part time when it's holiday. So, we don't waste our time with lazing around, not knowing what to do. With working part time, we can get some activity to do and also we can get money to lessen the burden on parents. Working part time also will give us experience. However, later we will be looking for job to fulfill our needs. We can write our part time job in our CV. So, it's important for us as a college students to have a part time job. Although, we can't fulfill all of our need, we can learn to be independent.


Part time job should be applied to students of Petra Christian University. First, part time job can be useful for students for additional experience. Besides they get experience inside on their university, they also can get experience outside by take part time job. World of work and world of study are totally different. Part time job give the students a lot of benefits, for example they become aware that when they get graduated they will work like they work on part time job. Hence they will accustom with it and do not get shocked how hard the world of work is. And also, they will know how hard is to make and collect money by take part time job. Second, by take part time job, students can learn to manage time well. Taking part time job means students are ready to balancing energy, time, and mind. The time that taken by part time job is very much. Student should be able to manage time well, so it does not interfere with the time to study or homework or assignment. Last, part time job is very useful for students who have a lot of leisure time to apply their leisure time into useful things. They can do part time job when they done with their school time. Part time job can be done by each student who provided they enough time to work.


The importance of a job nowadays is not only important for grown ups, it is also important for college students to have a part time job while going to school. Having experience in working is very important and beneficial for an individual. Even working in a basic and simple job, the individual is able to be taught responsibility and the difficulty of earning money. For my experience, before going to college, I already had a part time job in high school. In Canada, the minimum age that a person is allowed to work is the age of 15. Reaching that age, I quickly applied and got my first job at a food court selling French fries. The simple job taught me a lot on what it takes to work. I had to cook, clean, and handle the finances (cashier) with either a partner or sometimes by myself. Over time I gradually upgraded my jobs to working in a sales department where I would receive more money for the things I do. By the time I was in college, I had a lot of experiences and it was easier to get other jobs with higher standards. Before having to go back to Indonesia to continue my father's businesses, I was already working at an office for the school. By having a part time job, it expands your knowledge in life and you are able to be more mature. Another benefit is the money you receive as well. The money that you receive teaches you that earning money is not easy and people do have to work for it. Currently, I am running my own business while attending IEU and I can manage it due to my past experiences which I am grateful to have.


Part time job is a job that doing at free time. Many people have a part time job to get more money. It is usually done by college student. At my college, Institute Technology of Surabaya (ITS), many college students have part time job. They get part time job if they have a lot of free time. But, they don't get it if they do not have a lot of free time. They usually take part time job after their lesson done. There are many purpose college student take part time job for examples they take it to increase their money. They can use it to buy some books, to buy their daily need and to pay school fee. They take it not only to increase their money but also to train their soft skill. For example, if they get part time job at restaurant, they get ability to service much people. It is good for their soft skill. It will help them when they had work So, part time job is important for college student with have a lot of free times and have good control of time. But, if they do not have a lot free time I should not get the job because it spend times and decrease study's time for the college.


I am in the favour that college students should have a part time job. For me, there are three advantages that students can take for being part timer. First of all, students are drilled to be able to manage their time as well. Indeed, part time do not take a whole time that students have. Yet, still students have to manage their leisure time or time that is not lecture time. Usually, students use their leisure time to do the assignments or going fun for spending weekend. By being part timer, they have to manage their time as well they have time for doing part time job, but still there are times for doing assignments. Secondly, students have experiences in workplace. How to do good things for the employee, how to mingle wtth the people around, how to solve the problem dealing wit the workplace and so on. Absolutely, they will be more get ready to face the 'real giant', that is the real job that will be had in the future. Short, these students are head and shoulders about the rest. The last but not least, students can be independent; do not rely on their parents in terms of financial matter. For knowledge, Indonesian do not accustomed that adolesence or people at the age of 18 and above live separetely with their parents; here 'live' not just point out to live together with their parents but also about their living cost. Parents still have the responsibility of their child's living untill they get married. Thus, they are be able to pay their living by their own salary or money. That's why, taking part time job actually not should to do so but it is essential to do.


There are two type of work. First type is full time job and the second is part time job. Full time job is a type that the workers must spend a full time in a day. Of course, the salary that the workers get, usually gave in a period of time. But, in the part time job, the workers usually just spend some time in a day. So, the salary that they receive equivalent with the time that they spend. But if the time that we have was limited, part time job is the good choice to get an income. College students are classified as an adults because they usually have turned 18 years old. At age, is sufficient for college students to try something new and have their own income. Because of they still have a primary job as a students, their time also limited. From the definition of part time job, they are qualify to join the part time job. Beside of part time job make them have their own income, part time job also can be a media for learning by doing. It is important for a college student to learn as much as they can, before they must face the real world of work with the more complexity.


I agree with the statement above because by doing part time job we can learn to be independent, we can find out how the working world someday we will doing. And not only that by doing part time job without us knowing we will hone our skills on the job, so that over time we become experts in the work for that for students who are in disadvantaged economic lines, casual employment may be an alternative that can be done to help the family economy is very low, or by doing part time job that we can pay for school myself, with that we will not put our parents who have worked hard to provide for the family, pay for school children, and not to mention other matters which are not few, sometimes there are those among us who do not understand how hard our parents for money, we only whereas can spend money and ask for everything that was not really useful, but by working part time job we can feel what is felt by both our parents hard earn money, so we can better to understanding and better to appreciate the struggles of our parents to support the be loved family.


In this time, many college students already have a job. Actually it is an part time job. Part time job is a Job that have a reduced work time almost half from the normal work time. And the salary its not as much as salary of the full worker job. The salary of the part time worker is about from Rp500. 000(about fifty dollars) to Rp 2. 000. 000, 00 (about two hundred dollars). It can exceed two hundred dollars depends on what part time job do you take and how many hours the job or how difficult the work. I say it was important, because college students can get more experience before he feel the reality world of the business world. College students can feel how hard it takes to make some money, so he become more mature naturally. Part time work can increase students skill ( if the part time job he takes is the same with his major). It can train a skill of managing time from the student. If he take a part time job, the student must arrange his or her part time schedule with his college schedule. So, it will train the college student discipline. That's why I believe part time job is important for college student.


A part – time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. Workers are considered to be part time if they commonly work fewer than 30 or 35 hour per week. According to the International Labour Organization, the number of part time workers has increased from one fourth to a half in the past 20 years in most developed countries. There are many reasons for working part time, including the desire to do so, having one's hours cut back by an employer and being unable to find a full time job. Part time can also be used in reference to a student (usually in higher education) who takes only a few courses, rather than a full load of coursework each semester. Sometimes people have a part time job to reduce tiresomeness. Part time job usually can found in big city like Jakarta, Surabaya, bandung, Yogyakarta, and the other big city. Because I am is a college student of Surabaya Shipbuilding state Polytechnic, have a part time job is not important for me. Everyday I have to do some homework from the lecturer, so I can't to have a part time job. Maybe at holiday and have free time then I can to have part time job. Part time job like work in the restaurant.


In this era, there are many college students that they have much free time to spend but they waste it. But, few of them did not waste their leisure time and earn some money. One of its ways is doing part time job. Many people said that it is important for college students to have a part time job. If we have a part time job, we will get good things. Good things can be direct or indirect impacts. The direct impacts, such as get some money. We can use that money to go shopping by ourselves (if our college's payment already paid), to pay our college's payment (it is the way to help our parents), or just for increase our saving. In the other way, there are indirect impacts, such as get good experiences. When we have a part time job, we will learn how to manage our time specially a student who has a tight schedule. Beside that, we also can learn how difficult to earn few money by ourselves. So, we will not spend it for nothing again and treat it as precious thing. In my opinion, I agree that to gain some experiences, college students can do a part time job. But, I disagree that a part time job is important for us. Because, there are many students that have few time to do other things beside their fixed schedule in campus. So, if we do a part time job, it will ruin our concentration and make everything getting worse.


Part time job is quite being a trending topic nowadays for college students. With the promises of early wealth and bright career future, in my opinion: part time job is as is good as it looks. It gives you whole future career references and an addition for your pocket money and it opens the doors of opportunity larger after you actually graduated. I did not say that part time job is perfect – it is just how the students would do it. Part time job is a clear phrase, it is part time. College students who have a part time job must remember that they are a full time student, and the part time job must not interfere with their college life. While their part time vacancy filled with those younger generations, they will have better quality to compete for those better jobs with those who recently graduated from the college without any job experiences. At the end, I would suggest every college students to take a part time job since it is beneficial, and it will brings a whole new experiences and tons of new friends, not mentioning a promise full time job in some companies for those who worked well and graduated from the college with remarkable marks.


For all people, the work is something done to earn an income in the form of money. That work can be classified as full time job at a place or a part time job. For college students in general, part time job is a common practice. Not only in Indonesia, other countries also many college students who practice such things. Part time job is usually done by college students of a tutor, working shifts at the store or cafe, assistant lecturer, assistant den, event organizer, and others. This is very important for college students to part time job which help college students to earn their own and do not rely anymore on giving parents. College students will become more independent and learn about how hard to earn his own. Therefore, college students will be more regulate spending by dividing between needs and wants. Using money as possible and not wasteful. The income is used to relieve the burden on parents in paying university and to buy textbooks. For college students who are low family economy, part time job would be very helpful. Therefore, it is advisable for college students to have a part time job. But the student must continue to prioritize lessons on the campus as compared to part time job.


One day, every person in the world will facing the reality that they should go to work and earn some money to keep living. Even Money is not everything, People still need it for their own life. It is important for college students to have a part time job. It can help them to explore their own talent and make them ready to facing the business world. It could be any job, such as a restaurant waiter, salesman, even as an entrepreneur. Part time job is not like a full time job. Part time job have a shorter work time and also have less of money than full time job. Although they are not earn a lot of money, but they get an experience of a life time. It can make them become more mature and understand how hard working is. So they will never get easily spend their own money from now. Part time job also can help their parents to educate their character. Because every success person in the world start their successful from their own life character. Without any good Character, some one will easily fall down, even they are already in the top. So the best lesson from part time job is not how to earn a money, but an Experience of life that can make them tough, strong, and ready to facing the world.


Indonesia economy status is irregular and sometimes located in difficult moments, so each of us requires creativity to find a slot to survive, including students. There are some students who have problems with registration, try to relieve the burden on parents to work. But there are also students working on the basis of independence, or simply in search of money extra life needs are increasing. Part time job, which is the student who has a job as the main task of the University. For example: private education, SPG/SPB (promotion of sales girl / boy sales promotion), event MC, broadcast radio, Internet based business can be done in the growing college cost. The benefits that we can get on a part time job basis are may we have own income and ability in financial management. Also some new experience that we have very useful when working to support the Conference itself. At least you can feel directly all questions related to the real world of work. basically, the content of conferences is the explain terms and things that happened and is closely related to the world of work, e. g. the ability to organize working groups. Also the students can use the company for which work as an object of studies of case, discussion papers or Conference allocations. Students can use the facilities of the company, such as computers or the Internet service, for the benefit of conferences and, of course, this is done outside of working hours. Last, we can better able to manage time between school and work. Bringing the benefits are also the consequences, that's for sure. The point is the willingness, preparedness and management time that must be really organized. So the balance between lectures with the work that still must be maintained.


It's true that It is important for college students to have a part time job. Consider that college nowadays give time for student's part time job more than before, I think the students should use it. Doing a part time job has a lot of benefits, for example they can help reduce their parent's expenditure, save some money for future and the most important is experience and responsibility they learn during their job. A lot of reason why it's important for college students to have a part time job. First, the salary from part time job can help them for paying college cost, life cost and many more. They also can save money to buy some stuff they wanted or for future needs. Second, the experiences they get during their part time job. We all know that experiences is the best teacher, it may useful for future job or handling life problems. With doing part time job, the students also make a lot of connection between people which very useful to help us in the future. So, with all reason I explained above, part time job is pretty important for college students and they should take it even though they already have enough cash for their live. But choosing the part time job also important, considering the place and people who you interact with and also it's very important to make sure that the part time jobs you choose don't distract your college lesson.


I agree with this statement, part time job are important for college students because college students should making some money for their living cost by themselves, beside their parents keep helping for finance. At least we can help our parents with having a part   time job. On the other hand we can practice our skills too before we really do a job after we graduate. So we knew how the fields are and how far our skill does. Part time job. Sometimes some parents do not want their children do a job, because they do n ot want their children suffer. For some reasons too parents do not want their children work. Far beyond parents thought, we as a college students need some extra money for our living cost for hang out with friends, for daily needs and for some entertainments. I have some experience having a part   time job, I work for my grandma's restaurant at Bali selling fried chicken, that is a lot of fun. I have paid too even that's my grandma's restaurant. They appreciate what I have done. I am at cashier counting some money and receive customer's order then give it to the kitchen. I thought that would be difficult, but it doesn't, it is fun. Having a part   time job for college students are so important, that because many of college students do that, just to fill their boring day at campus and it can make money of it, that is a lot of profit.


College is one of the parts of education where you'll be doing everything almost completely by yourself, or known as DIY. No one will force you to do the given task at this point, it's up to you to complete the given task or not. Just remember the risk you'll suffer from not doing the assignment. Well, that's just some introduction to college life. While you're studying at college, you can obtain any available part time jobs that suit your preferences. Although you don't need to have one, getting a part time job will give you some benefits. First, you'll gain some skills you need to qualify for the full time career later. Having some job experience will surely ease you for seeking full time jobs later. And, yes, you won't regret for this advantage since seeking jobs are far harder now than in the past. Second, you'll be able to earn some money from taking it, though it's not as much as you'll earn in full time job later. Your hard earned money can be very useful here. Your parents don't need to worry about college fee again since you can pay it by yourself, for example. Last, you can socialize with other people, and maybe someday later, the people you're socializing with will be your partner in your career later. Though this doesn't sound kicking, being able to socialize with others will help in your career succession later. In conclusion, having a part time job while studying at college gives you some very useful benefits, as stated above. You don't even need to worry about work hour; they're well suited for college students.


Right now collage students do a part time job to make some extra money. Collage student sometime hard to manage their time to study and work. Some college is banned the student to do a part time job. Some college student do a part time job to pay their internet or share house bill, and the other do it for some extra money to spend. Sometime they can't split their time to study and work. Some of them prefer to work than study, because is hard to find a job in this day and effect their grade. Other do it to pay their college bill. Some college have a night class, so student who work in morning still can study at night. Some student prefer to work until they have enough money to pay college bill. Some college is not banned them to not get a part time job, because that can make them have some experience about job. It is hard to find a part time job, when there is a company open to part time job. It is fine to get a part time job as long as they can split their time being study and work, their can make extra money for themselves.


Part time job is an activity that we can do while we are having a free time. Many university students and students do part time job. Everyone has different perception about part time job. But, there is one main reason why people like to have part time job, that's for getting salary, experiences, and actualize ourself. In my opinion, part time job for university students is not too bad. In this case, they should get experiences before working when they graduate then. As we know that experience is the most precious thing in our whole life. Every university students have to think how they can apply their knowledges from college in working world then. They must think about their visions too. Because of that, I think part time job is a good way for students who want to get many experiences in working. They can fill in their free time with part time job, rather than do negative things that can ruin their studies in school or university. Beside those, they can get money by themselves. They can use that money for paying college duties. In the other hand, they can be more appreciate money. Because many university students can feel how difficult for people to get money. So, I really agree with part time job for students or university students, also they have to maintain and keep their studies well.


Part time job is a job which is used a little amount of time if it is compared with the full time one. A part time job is considered for people who has no time but needs additional income. Just like college students, especially for they who not live with their parents. On the other hands, part time job can become a lesson for college students how to make money, so that they can live without depends on the other people. As we know, college student is not like another people who focus on work only. They also need time to study for their graduation. It means a part time job is one of the choices to get some work without interrupting studies. That is all because a part time job is more flexible than the full time one. They can choose to work when they have a pleasure time. So, they can make some money and not wasting their time to play. A part time job is also important for college students to teach them how to live after they graduate. Part time job can make them understand how to live after that. It is just like a full time job with a little time to spend to work. So after they graduate from the college they can live independently. After all having a part time job is important for college students. It makes pleasure time become more effective and will teach them about life reality.


Part time job is something we do outside study time. Usually it is done after we study in college. We can do anything for doing part time job as like give a course for someone or another. Part time job is very helpful to give income for us a student, we can receive some fees from it. So, we can use it for everything, for example is used to help our parents paying administration for our studying in college. In addition, when our parents have no any money, we can give them some money from our vee. Itis also gives us some preparation for work in order to we can ready when we graduate from the college. So, we can explore more experiences that we have gotten. And, when we have graduated, we do not confuse to look for a job. Because, we have had a job. As addition, it is really gives us msny experiences that we do not have before. With the experiences, as I told before, we can explore our experiences that we have. If we want to look for another job, we have been ready. Because, we have many experiences. So that, it is very useful for us and I therefore recommend college students to work part time.


I think have a part time job is very important for college students to help in completing our daily needs and college's administration, more jobs we can get as private teacher, shop assistant, and etc. Because, to have a part time job can make us become independent. A part time job, it can help us to spend spare time, because the lecture does not always full time. Sometimes there is also a lecturer who was unable to attend, so we have a lot of free time that many if not used properly. But we must pay attention to our health. We still have to learn from the work concerned. But more than time is free, until we should be clever content time free by a part time job. But more people disagree about its important for college students to have a part time job, because it can disturb study for college student. Some people have an opinion about its important for college students to have a part time job, because we can get the money not science. That study is more important that a job, because we needs awake healthy, but opinion for college students because time is busy. It's well that free time. It's depends us to repair our time to make it balance between work and study.


Part time job is a job that did not need many time and suitable for people who are studying. It could increase your earning with simple job. College life is not same with high school. College life has more flexible timeline. The college student may spending their days in the college with many activities or just come when there is a lecture. They can manage their timeline by themselves. Usually, college students have their own will. They may feel that they already grew up and should make their own money. Part time job is a good alternative solution for them. There many kind of part time job for college student in our country. Teaching as private courses teachers, being a model, freelance writer, sales promotion girl, freelance musicians, and so on. Even there is more flexibility in managing their time, the college student should not abandoned their college and just spending their time for making money because studying is still important for them than anything. Therefore, college student should manage their time to have a good part time job without disturbing their college. In conclusion, I agreed that it is important for college students to have part time job. College student could spend their own money for their will without depending on their parent.


Our times are very expensive school fees. Either starting from kindergarten, elementary, junior high school or university. School fees at the present layer. Almost inaccessible by all around us, particularly communities that class society. On one side for some people who are able to send their children not fully utilized by the children themselves. Sometimes they go to school in a perfunctory, the lazy do not know how hard their parents pay for school. So it is recommended by some parties how your students how to bring these children or how hard it is to make money as the cost of their education. Their trick is to find part time job outside school hours. It is expected that way. They will from realize how difficult to find money and establish how the world their characters work actually it. With a part time job they can recognize early what the working world was like before. They will from entering the real working world after they graduate. So they will get necessary experience. They learn practice from outside school. Students who part time job also learn to be independent people. With the money they earn, they may have their own pocket money and they can pay the school fee with their own money. I recommend taking part time job while studying at college.


What is a part time job? It is a job which can be done by everyone with spending less time. The part time job does not give much money. Everyone can do part time jobs. The jobs are used for gaining experience. There are a lot of part time jobs, such as cleaner, office boy, deliver, shopkeeper and so many others. I agree with the statement because finding a real job is hard now. Finding the real job is not easy as we thought because the real job needs specific requirements such as experience and degrees, but the most important is the experience. Experience can be gotten by working. The minimum for experience is a year. Many companies refuse fresh graduated students because of lack experience. To solve the problem, college students should do a part time job. They do the part time jobs when they have time to do the jobs. Mostly, they do not want to take the part time jobs because the jobs are wasting time. They prefer spending time for shopping or watching movie at theater than working. At least, the part time job is important for college students before they take real time jobs. By having part time job, they not only earn money, but also get experience.


I think part time job is important for adult and university student. Part time job give many benefits for people or for students. If we have part time job, we can learn about how difficult to get money. So, we can appreciate our effort to get money and don't waste much money for something that not important or useless. For example, like buy some new clothes, new accessories, new bags, go to salon and so on. Women like to buy things like that, although not necessary, but if we already feel how precious we are seeking our own money, then we will save the money for something more is needed or useful, such as college tuition or future saving. In addition, not only get money, but also life experiences that might be useful someday. Another benefit of working part time is that we can become independent students. Students who not only beg for money from their parents. So that, we will get used to attempt our own money and not dependent on our parents because in the end, we will have our own family. There will be a benefit that is felt by our parents. They will be proud and appreciate our action, provided that part time job that we take is not bad for such jobs that endanger our lives, moral damage, interfere with our study, interfering with other people, too risky, and the jobs that are not feasible or unhealthy. Finally, we can consider and know some of the benefits that we will get if we want to try to think mature and willing to make our own way without depending on the parents only. However, we need to know also the permission of our parents is a very important element and our readiness to work.


Part time job is an additional job for people that feel their job was not enough for their daily life needs. Some of people do the part time job because they don't have any other activity to do, and some just need the additional payment for their savings, and some just search for an experience of taking a job, or some just do it to do their hobby. College student usually independent, they arrange their saving without their parents involved in and they know how much they will spend their money in a month. How much they will pay their college, how much they spend on eating meals in a day, their monthly apartment fee. So they know if their money is enough or not. If the money is not enough for a period of time, they tend to do a part time job. A part time job is the best for searching experience on taking a job. After college student graduated automatically they will search for jobs, they will need the experience to be accepted on a department because experiences is important. Some people take a part time job because it is their hobby, so they are enjoying themselves and they have the reward for their work they have done. It is a double advantage on taking part time jobs. So it is important for college student to have a part time job because they have a lot of advantages, starting from additional money they will obtain, experience on their life, and doing their hobby that increase their pocket. Rather than they spend their time to do activity that wasting their money.


Nowadays students of college become more critical and think a lot about their life in future. And they know that the hardest part of adult life is working for money. With a step to go, they will live their life as an adult. And then, why don't they start their work life today? College students aren't same with an employer. They work hard more because living two kinds of profession, student and employer. Many people say that students' job is studying only, there's no need to work for money. Work for money is parents' job. But not every student is lucky enough to have parents with money to pay everything for them. That's a reason why college students need a job, although just a part time job. It will train them to be a better person. A part time job teaches how to socialize with others, how to manage money, and how to show a good behavior in front of others. Although they fail in this job, it will cause nothing. They still don't need money as much as an adult. They can find a new way for work. But sometime parents too much worry about their children who have a part time job. They always have reasons to stop the children's job. I still have enough money for my kids, They will get sick if they still work hard like that, I want they have more concentration on their study, etc. There are many reasons that stop college students for work. Don't worry. It's just a little part of your life, students. Fight over it and you'll find a better future. Keep your hard work.


In today's tough job market, you need more than just a degree to get a job. Working during college, even in a position that is not directly related to your field of study, will give you an edge over other applicants. Keeping a part time job helps you learn to budget and handle money. Working part time during college will build your character. Most of the jobs available to college students are very humbling. After you experience life as a waitress, or a janitor, or a sales clerk, you will become that much more grateful for the opportunities that a college education will provide you in the future. You will realize that the world does not exist to wait on you hand and foot, and that if you want to get something, you have to give something first. Customer service jobs in retail and food service require you to work with challenging people, but after seeing how things are on this side of the counter, you will approach the world with a much more compassionate attitude. In conclusion, holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Having to focus on your studies is not a valid excuse, because there are many options available for part time work, ranging from a few hours per week at an on campus job to 20 30 hours per week in the service industry off campus. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management. If you keep your priorities straight and find a part time job that is at least tolerable, you will be adding an important element to your future resume: experience.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. Agree, if they know how to manage their self and time. By having part time job will help them to build their responsibility with what they do, also will give them more confidence and experience. Because in the real world now, having the university degree won't guarantee you will get a good job and good living. So when the college students want to start early to learn about the job world or business world it's a good idea. Because as soon they can start, they can get more experience and opportunity to learn more in their young life and later on when they must face the real business world they will know or at least they know what to do and read the situation. Only the problem is they can handle it or not! Having a job is a more serious topic, when we have job means we must be more responsible. Because with job, we will have interaction directly or practically go in business world. Why we must be responsible?? Because in business world we must deal and face to the real financial case and if we screwed up, we must be responsible with what we did.


Most young teenagers and adult teenagers in modern counties have part time jobs nowadays. Some even have more than one. I found three main reasons why part time jobs have become important for young people today. The first reason is to earn money. In modern country, parents generally do not spend a lot of money for their teenager children. They have to earn their own money in order to continue their study and feed themselves. For instance, most students in USA go to college in the morning and work after school. They work as cashier, shop keeper, or an employee at a restaurant. The second reason is to get experience. To be able to get a better job in the future, young people need to be more experienced and skilled. They start their carrier from a low position so that while they graduate, they can be promoted to a higher position, or they can apply for another better job that requires similar skill. For example, an ex cashier might apply for a job in a bank as a teller, and he will be easily accepted because he has already had the experience on handling money. The last reason why part time jobs are important is to build network. While doing their part time jobs, it is possible for them to meet other people who might be their future business partners, customers, or even future spouses. For example, they who work as a shop keeper have the opportunity to meet other people. And those people might be a potential friend or partner in the future. In conclusion, part time jobs are essential for young people to earn money, to get experiences, and to build network. With a part time job, a student can feed himself, have more experience, and get more friends.


Statistic taken from surveying says that 60% of college students in Indonesia do a par time job. The data tells an expensiveness of the price becomes the most reason why they do the job besides others reasons such as looking for some experiences and self satisfying. Another survey tells doing the part time job is the most effect of why many college students stop their studying in university. Those data make a think that the job activity is really useless because the responsibility of student is only learning. The job activity can influence the student to be consent only for the job and they spend many times only for working. Based on the situation, logically they will not have a lot of time to take a rest after studying or to do their assignments and finally they won't do the homework more over they will be tired when doing lecture in university because most of them go home from working in the night. But it is not a certainly right because if the students can be smart in managing their time by separating when they have to study, to do homework, and to do job. It will not take some effect. Because I have many friends that are success do the two activities. So I agree with the statements of it is important for college students to have a part time job on condition they have to clever in managing time.


It is important for college student to have a part time job. I agree with this statement, because college student can be more independent than before, college student can concern about his studies and concern about anything like do part time job. The college student must have setting their time if they do a part time job. If not, their studies will be break and he just concern to their job. Although they can set their time, they can help their parents paying his studies at the college, the salary can be use to buy something to support his college, buying books, pay boarding house, and many others. It is like my senior story, my senior is in sixth grade, he do part time job as a private teacher, in a month, he can makes money at least Rp. 400. 000, around US $ 50. he use it to buying books and anything that he needs, he not asking to his parents to buy that, he use his own money except paying semester bills, he says to me that not too difficult to do part time job, the most important thing is we can setting our time, and keeps our health to do our studies and part time job. So, who wouldn't do a part time job?


Most of college students in the world have so much leisure time as a college student. Spending their leisure time for doing something that has no use for them is frequently seen. According to my friends in college, they often spend their time only for playing computer games, shopping, and anything else which really waste their time. Then what we should do as a college student to have useful leisure time? The answer is having a part time job. It is important for college students to have a part time job. It is because we already have a certificate from our senior high school. Some of job doesn't need any special requirements. For example, we can be a waiter or a waitress in a restaurant or maybe a private teacher for elementary students and junior high students. What job we can do depends on our skill and our respect for this problem. If you can draw then you can work as a teacher that only teaches drawing. There is a lot of advantages by having a part time job for college student. First, you can have additional money for yourself that can be used for paying your school or sometimes for buying something you really want. Second, by having a part time job, you can have more experiences so you could know how hard earning money is and you could the situation in the work place. Third, you can turn your leisure time into a useful one. In conclusion, it is important for college students to have a part time job because it has a lot of benefits for us.


College students or university students should work part time. There are many reasons why they should look for part time jobs. First of all, they can help their parents reducing their living cost. Their needs, since they are still in college or university, are still being provided by the parents., by doing part time jobs, they can make their parents' expenses lighter. If college students are doing part time jobs, it means that they are earning additional money by themselves. The money they earned can be used as their pocket money. They do not have to ask for more money to the parents. Secondly, it can reduce the chance of misused spare time. College students tend to be free from their parents because they have already gone into a campus world. Beside money, they use their time based on their own minds. They may want to go out every weekend with friends or want to spend their time alone in the house or boarding house. However, working as a part timer can help them spend their time not only for entertainment such as clubbing and shopping, but for something that is very useful in life. Finally, the most important reason why college students should do part time jobs is because doing part time jobs can improve the students' personality. Since they are enrolled in certain colleges or universities, they still have to attend classes in the campus. if they really want to apply for part time jobs, they have to manage their time wisely. Thus, the students will learn how to organize themselves through schedules or plans in order to balance the campus life and the working world. Although it is still a part time job, they must obey regulations and rules given by the place where they work.


Have a part   time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. Working part time job is enjoyful because the time to work is flexible. Different with working in the company or factory, it can spend time for long. There are many reasons for working part time, including the desire to do, having one hours cut back by an employer and being unable to find a full time job. It can increase the income for me if have a part time job. The part time job for college student are Internet shop keeper, SPG, etc. Sometimes people have a part time job to reduce tire someness. Part time job usually can found in big city like Jakarta, Surabaya, bandung, Yogyakarta, and the other big city. Working part time job usually in the restaurant like McDonald, KFC, Pizza Hut, etc. Because I am is a college student of Surabaya Shipbuilding state Polytechnic, have a part time job is not important for me. I realize that have a part time job is impossible because everyday I have to do some homework from the lecturer, so I can't to have a part time job. Maybe at holiday and have free time then I can to have part time job.


College students are the people who have an adult by them self and study in college. They have many abilities to divide their time and to have a part time jobs. It can not be a reason that the part time jobs can disturb their college schedule, because it is about how can they manage the time. The part time jobs can be variety for them. It may become a waiter, shop keeper, a course teacher, even businessman. It is very useful for them, because it have many advantages, firstly the students can fulfill their spare times with the useful activities. They may be bored, because they always study in all the day. Beside that, it can practice them becoming a strength people, because they can get the soft skill going out of their study in college. The second advantage is they can get some money and help their parents to increase their pocket money by getting some salaries by their own job. The third, the students as a social human, must be able to interact with the other people and it will increase their experiences which is not regained in the college. And the most important thing is the experience that they have been gotten, can be used in the world work. That is why I as the writer will agree if the students have a part time job on their activities.


A college students mostly is a teenagers that going to be an adult. They like hangout, clubbing, shopping, buy all the things they want, have fun all the time. As a matter of fact, that is college student life style in this era. We can see that all their activity needs money, a lot of money. And that is not fair if they just say to their parents "mom, I need money", mom give me much money, and then they spend it all just one night. So, college student must have a part time job I think. At least help in their family business. But if they can have his/her own business, that's better. They don't need to open a boutique or shop, it need a lot of money again for first assets. They can sell by door to door, like offering that product to their friends and their lecture if they want. The product can from clothes to food. They can collect some money from their small business (actually I don't know, maybe the business be the biggest business in this country someday). And they can feel free to spent their money, and of course make their parents proud. Okay college student, let's do something.


I am agree with above topic. In this time, we often meet college students that use their leisure to work in café, foodcourt, language school, and etc. Part time job becomes alternative way by college students to spend their leisure. It caused by some reason. First, they want to learn independent life and helps their parents with work, and collect some money to pay their tuition fee without aid from their parents. Even, they can give some money to their parents to buy daily needs for their family. They will feel proud by themselves, because he had felt tobe able handle their problem. The second reason is they want start their entrepreneur career becomes a waitress. And then, they will know the case that becomes to notice in run a business. Even, they can learn marketing technique, marketing tactic, and etc. Third reason is they want to try and improve their hard skill and soft skill talent. All of people must have hard skill and soft skill in any field that they run. If they only have hard skill without soft skill, or they only have soft skill without hard skill, they will eliminate from competition by people that have both of talent. So, they try to improved their hard skill and soft skill talent with part time job. On this way, their communication can be fluently, they can try to convince other people, they have a much relation, and this relation very important to work in company or become an entrepreneur. Anything their reasons, this experiences very helps them to prepare the future life. They will ready to defeat all of disturbance that happen in workplace. I am certain that the college students spend their leisure to have a part time job, they will become a success person.


Now, to be a graduated is very expensive and i think is very important for college students to have a part time job for make easier for parent to finance studying in college. many advantages for college students to have a part time job. some students do not know the value of work experience and how it can enhance the educational experience. work would benefit to students the are :giving them money that they have earned, giving them satisfaction, fill some of their idle time. Have part time job make have own income without hope that money of parent. so we can stand alone if we will buy something we not hope money from parent. and it a satisfaction for this self because for have incoming self its satisfaction for student and students who work are more confident and possess better time management skills than students who are not employed. In addition to offering a paycheck, some independence, and satisfaction, a part time job can provide teenagers with both training and experience. Working teaches students about responsibility and can also reinforce what they are learning in school. On the other hand, experts agree that students who work more than 15 to 20 hours per week often experience decreased school success, which can lead to dropping out entirely. Working long hours can also limit opportunities to build friendships and explore interests that enhance a teenager's intellectual and emotional development.


Part time work is an activity that can help a person in everyday life even in the future. For example if someone has done his part time job at the young, he can easily blend in to his original work later and already accustomed to work, other than getting the experience he can also get extra money for himself. Many part time job that can be done as become employees of restaurants or shop keeping. Usually part time work is done during the holidays, but some also work part time during college years. Part time job could also add insight. In part time work is a good idea if the same field of profession you can do well in college because it can lead to increased insight into the world of jobs. Part time work also forms the character of a person starts from the leadership, or team work in a world of work Therefore especially young men and women do not just stay quiet when having a lot of free time. They need use the free time it was to work part time because we can develop the characters and also add insight as well and experience. I believe that part time job is necessary for college students because the experience they get will be useful for them later.


Work in a part time for college students is important. I agree with this statement, because I think it is very good for college student to practice to make a business or entrepreneurship. Besides that, there are many other reasons why to have a part time job is very important for college students is very important. Although college students are very busy with their study, but they still can doing a good activities like working in a part time. They can working in the restaurant, coffeshop, bookstore, minimarket, and in other places. Usually, working in a part time at 9 am until 3 pm or at 3 pm until 10 pm. So I think this activity is will not disturb their study process in the college. But, it can maked an activity before study or after study in the college. Most of people certainly often think that every college student is very busy with their study in the college. But I think if they can manage their time carefully, working in a part time is not impossible. And I think is it can managed carefully it's can't disturb their study and their study achievement. Because every things is depend of how individual to manage their time. There are many advantages of work in a part time for college students. For example, if they work in a part time they can increase their money so they can help their parents too. And then they can also pay the boarding house with their money from work in a part time, buying food, and others. Besides that, this activity is very important to practices become a good entrepreneur, businessmen, and many others work if the students graduate from their college.


Part time job is the work done only half the time, usually called a shift. Part time job is usually done by students or people who fill vacancies in the half day activity. Many college students do because they need money or income to fill the void of activity, employment in accordance with the hobby. For the student, obviously the answer is to revenues during the lecture, students do not want to overburden parents with only ask for money from parents. Part time job also according to them gives new experience and independence. System part time job, for morning start at 7 o'clock am until 2 pm. For afternoon starting at 2 o'clock pm until 11 pm o'clock. And for night starting at 11pm o'clock until 5am. Working part time is very beneficial because of this human resources well organized. Can reduce unemployment and provide a positive value on youth. Because most of the work are young people, they do not waste time but it works and make money. Employers or owners of the workplace also felt lucky with the system part time job. Because a worker with a variety of characters and the criteria to serve customers. Employers or owners of workplaces are not just choosing part time job workers, they are pegged to a higher education, an attractive appearance and can interact with many people (customers). But usually people look askance at part time job. They assume that with a very small salary and do not fit the job done. But basically part time job is beneficial for workers.


College students should have part time jobs. First of all, part time jobs can help student to be an independent person financially. Having a part time job during a school time can help student to reduce their parents' expenses. Students can make their own money to get all their needs. They won't ask any loan from their friends and they won't depend on their parents anymore in fulfilling some of their needs. For example, they can make their own account at the bank while they're still study at college so they can ease to fulfill their needs. Besides, part time jobs not only give advantages in their financial condition but also give them new skills to learn about Time Management and Communication skills. Once you begin work, you will have different environment between school and work. They may be having several works or projects while they're working and it can help them to learn how to manage their time between school and work. They will learn to organize their activities in such a good time order so that they will be able to know when is the right time to do either their school projects or their working projects. Therefore, they will indirectly get skills to manage their time. It can also help them to learn about soft communication skills. Not only they can make a deal with many different people at work but they can also know how to behave this kind of people and how to behave that kind of people. So, for all of these reasons I believe that college students should have part time jobs since it gives advantages for the students' life before and after graduate.


Aside from making you more employable after college, having a part time job will help you financially. A part time job can help you pay for living expenses, including food, books, gas, and clothes. Since you will eventually have to pay off any school related loans that you take out, it is best to take out as little as possible. This way, you are not overwhelmed with your monthly payment when you find yourself working a much lower playing job than you had hoped for right after college. Taking on financial responsibility also takes some of the load off of your parents shoulders if they are helping you with your expenses. Your parents will not be around forever, and so you have to gradually become responsible for all of your expenses. The sooner you begin this process, the easier it become 100% independent financially. Keeping a part time job helps you learn to budget and handle money. If you have specific bills that need to be paid every month, such as cell phone, you will learn to budget so that you have enough money for them. This will make independent living less of a shock later on, when you have multiple bills) to pay monthly. Having some if your own money also makes you appreciate its value. You may think twice about a purchase that you do not really need if it is coming out of your hard earned paycheck. Working part time during college will build your character. Most of the job available to college students are very humbling. After you experience life as a waitress, or a sales clerk, you will become that much more grateful for the opportunities that a college education will provide you in the future.


It is very important for college students to have a part time job in another country if they are study overseas. Because in the foreign country, the student who studies in the college must have an experienced and want to earn some money to meet their requirement for their daily need. Another reason is the students who have a part time job is understand how hard to earn a money. Usually the students spend their money to buy something that useless for their daily need; they buy for their prestige only not for their requirement. Another reason is not everyone in this world are rich people. If your parents are a very rich people, I think you shouldn't work part time because your parent can give all of your daily need. But if your parents have a little bit finance problems I think you must have a part time job to reduce the payment for your College cost and your cost for daily needs. I think it is depend in the college student situation because if you study overseas the living cost and your daily needs are very expensive. But if you study in Indonesia I think you shouldn't have a part time job because the salary is very cheap and can't meet your daily need.


I agree with part time job important to college student. Part time job means you just work a half day. So we can do anything else when we are not work. That was make students have a chance to make extra money. We can take a part time job anywhere, like restaurant or somewhere else. There are some reason why part time job was important for college students. Reason one not all student college still with their parent and their parent still paying for their school. So many student must get a part time job to pay their tuition fees. Reason two college student need to not 'put their life in parents hands'. Student must became more responsibility to their life and part time job make their more responsibility. Reason three, makes students can earn extra money. Students can use their money to pay their school, or something else. Reason four gain experience. We all know, every days we are getting older and older that means students cannot keep with their parents forever. One day, all students must work. With part time job they can gain experience that is needed when they are work. Then they became more ready to work. And last reason why part time jobs needed because part time job makes they 'sharpened' their life skills and mental. They can became skillful, confidence, and can became more sociality.


Part time job for college students is somewhat sounds good for the students. One of the advantages is you are trained to manage your time as efficient as possible. You can also make an additional income for your needs, buy gadgets / things you like, or even pay your tuition fees yourself without the help of your parents. However, working part time is also has disadvantages. One of them is your time for studying or for doing the other teen's thing is decreased. As a student, you must prior your studies. Don't let working part time as your number one priority. You'll make your parents disappointed if your grades are bad. The affectivity of working part time is also depends on the motivation of the students, whether the part time job is related with their studying or not. Nowadays, most of the students are working part time only for find an income. They don't mind if the job doesn't related with their studies or not. As long as they got a lot of money and the job is quite easy, they'll take it. But, it is okay if they can manage their time. As a conclusion, I think that having part time job for college students is good, but I will more agree if the job is related with the studies because it gives us experience. In our teen's life, I think that gaining experience is much more important than gaining income.


Many college students have a part time job beside their main activity in college. Part time job it self is job that doing at half time in the day. College students usually do their job at free time that they have not study activity. Many job is available in various field such as home teacher, shop keeper, work in restaurant, hotel, and entrepreneur. Have a part time job for college students have many advantageous. College student can get salary that can used to many daily need. They not only get money from their parents. They can buy something by themselves. For example, they can buy books that they needs, they can pay their school fee and other daily need. Other advantageous of college students have a part job is they can get experience. With have a part job college students know the real life that very important to be known by college students. Many college students only know the theory of their study but they did not know the applications in field. There are facts than many unemployed graduate is happen because they just know the theory of their study. They did not know the application of the theory. In conclusion, have a part time job is very important for college students. It can give a money by themselves, not only from their parents. Experience is the other advantageous from having a part time job for college students. College students must manage the time between work and study.


Some of us are continuing to college after we graduate from high school. It is a common scene that we see some college students are working for part time job. The question now is, is it important for them to get a part time job? I, in my own opinion, agree with this, because it can give us a working experience and can give us income by our self. When we study at college, majority are study so that we can get a job. Sometimes there are company and owner that appreciates working experience. So, it is common for us that having a work experience to get a job, for instance become a waiter. This could give us an experience how should we work, how to please our boss, and so on. In the future, when we work as a professional, we know how should behave like a professional employee. Studying at college needs a lot of money. For this, many parents still give us a money for it. In the other hands, there are poor students that needs to work for the money by him/herself. Part time job is a good way to earn it, as we not yet becoming professional of our subject. It could give us our own income, so we don't have to bother our parents for buying that or paying that. For conclusion, part time job is important. It can give you an experience about job and you can earn your own income. If you are a college student, don't get embarrassed about part time job. Your parents would we proud of you for getting your own income. You should try it.


Actually, looking for a job is very hard. Many people do everything to get money for fulfill needed. From children until adults. In fact, now college students spent time to looking for money, they do that a part time job for fulfill they needed. Part time job is the job that do not full time or not like the other worker always do. Usually follower part time job are student of senior high school and college students. Usually they do that after going to school. Many kind of purpose them to have a part time job. First, for experience. Secondly, for fulfill family needed, because that parents cant work. Third, from themselves want have a part time job, etc. I think I agree with above statement because part time job can make the college students have other creativity, college students usually get knowledge just in campus. College student will have more experience. They can help parent's economic and help cost of sister and brother. If college student often to busier it will be become too easy to do work hard. The important they should know choose what the more important to do and do not important less. College student can make more discipline, can't waste the time, because time is important. They can have a lot of new friends from they campus and in the place of part time job. But important thing that they do are drink vitamin and eat healthy food for their work and school affairs are not neglected. Usually the person who did part time is more adult than person who not do that. The parents should protect the children who do the part time job, because they need a spirit from people they love.


These days, it is so hard to find a job, especially in country with very large number of population like Indonesia. In Indonesia, there are so many people who can not find a job though they have been graduated from university. There are so many people who have a smart brain and good marks in their school, but still have difficulties in finding a job. There are so many reason to explain why it can happened. One of them is because they lack the social skill that is the most important thing to work in real life. So that, it is important for college students to have a part time job. By this part time job, the students can have many experience in working and communicating with many kinds of people. It will give illustration of working in the real life. Moreover, nowadays, the job finder will specialize the people who have more experience than the others. So it is important for college students to prepare their future life, by having a part time job. The other reason why it is important for college students to have a part time job is to teach the students to be mature. Because they are not children anymore, so it would be nice if they start trying to gain money. Gaining their own money, they also can help their parents and become a mature and independent self slowly.


Now part time job is one of the undivided part of college students. Many of college student take the part time job. They have so many reason to do the part time job. Some said that they want to be independent, not depend to their parents, especially to fulfill their needs in college. Some said that they want to have work experiences before they must work after graduation. In my personal opinion as a college student, what we must think first is our duty as a student. There are many of my friend that can't handle their duty as a college student. When they got income, they suddenly forget about their college. And it's affect to their scores, late to graduate, and spend a lot money. Most of them forget about their duty as a college student. But, am I really say that college student not allow to do part time job ? of course not. As I wrote above part time job also have benefits to the college student, work experience, become independent, etc. which is good. Part time job is also good solution for students that don't have enough money from their parents. But everything must in balance. We must know our duty first, as college student, so no question that you must do your task as college student very well. You can use part job as your advantage but not the most important. Do not let the trend to do part time job among your friends make you doubt, struggle, and in the end you'll make wrong decision.


A college student may or may not get a part time job, but it is quiet important to have one. Some of student who live with his or her parents tend to not get a part time job, because he or she may get whatever they when they live with their parents. Students, who do not live with their parents, many of them get a part time job, to get more money to satisfy their needs. Having a part time job is to make student get ready to have a real job after their college, besides students who get a part time job tend to be independent compare to the one who does not have. Students who get a part time job, usually proud of themselves, they can produce their own money by working and they can buy their needs by their own money. In Indonesia, there are not many shops or store that provided a part time job for students, which is the reason most of Indonesian students are depend with their parents, not like in other country. Students should try to get part time job and independent, because years by years jobs are getting tougher and tougher and that is why students should try to have a part time job to make themselves ready for their real work.


A part time job for college students is something that I think they have to experience. It is because having a part time job can make students to be more independent, teach them to manage time better, and also prepare them to enter work field. The first reason why I agree to it is because part time job can make students become more independent. They can learn to do things by themselves because in their job, they also have to do things that are being asked to them. They don't only depend on people to get what they want. Secondly, part time job can also teach students to manage their time. It is because when students have a part time job, they have to divide the time for working and studying carefully. They have to use their time effectively, so that they can work and also get good scores in their study. The last reason why I agree to the students to have part time job is because by working part time, students can be prepared to enter work field. Although students only work part time, they still experience the real work setting. They know what to do in the real work situation, to perform well, and to be responsible for the things that are being trusted to them. Thus, based on the reason above, I strongly agree that students, especially college students should have part time job, because it can make them more independent, teach students to manage their time better, and also prepare them to enter work field.


The school fee in college is expensive for some people. Even though, school fee in every college is different. They can find part time job, especially for student who live in boarding house. They felt responsibility to pay their school fee by their selves. Some student's parents can not support their child college. Their parents still have burden to support another thing. They do not want to make their parent feel sorry. College students have grown up. They need some experience to make them more mature. They can get that from part time job. They can know how to get money with their skill. They can know how to manage some thing, such as they have to check every transaction. It can make them more carefully in their live. They can get more knowledge than others. If they get more knowledge, they can share to their friend. Students spend their time for hang out with friend and do their assignment mostly. They spend their time for their selves, such as eat, take a bath, sleep, and watch news also. If they have part time job, they have to divide among hang out and job. For example, they have to divide time to do assignment with do their job. If they can divide that, they can handle every problem easily. They usually work hardly than others. They have to one step closer to finish task.


I agree if the college students have a part time job as long as does not interfere his study. Part time job has some deficiency and advantage but in my opinion, the deficiency can be minimized. lack of part time job is to reduce time off and study. If we are good at managing time, we must continue to learn and rest well or we can choose work time that do not disrupt our learning time. So this way it can overcome shortage. While the advantage is to make us independent, can help our parents, and gain work experience. You would be proud if it can help parents to finance your college with your own hard work, even your parents must be very proud too if you had a good achievement in college. You will also get work experience before graduating from college. Experience is the most valuable teacher. After graduating from college, you will surely find a suitable job with our majors of college. Experience we gained while part time job can be utilized when working after graduating from college. especially if your part time job is work in companies with good positions, certainly is very profitable. So when you graduate in college, you no longer need to bother looking for another job again.


Along with this era of globalization, the more diverse job. One of them is part time. Part time is a job, where we only work part time. One system that is working part time employees working according to the desired clock so employees are paid based on hours worked. The longer he works the salary will be even greater. This is needed for those who want to work in the middle of the routine, so if he's unemployed to work. As we know to be able to college need the money that is not small. While our parents take great pains to work only to be happy for their children, for example by sending his son as high as possible so that later armed with such knowledge can be useful in the public eye and can make money from the science itself. But there are a few of the students wanted to pursue so that they can finance their needs very much, for example, lectures and other needs without having to burden the parents. Therefore, most types of employment are utilized by students who want to find money to finance their tuition, so they can go to college while working. It is very important to them because then they can assist parents in financing the needs of even their own college. In addition, by working part time they get valuable experience in addition to the lectures before they actually dive in the world of work.


Being highly educated is very important for university students. It is because, when they work later, a good GPA is the first criteria for having a job. Nowadays, many university students fail their study because they have too many activities outside. It can be because of joining too many committees or holding a part time job. That is why university students should not hold a part time job. First of all, holding a part time job makes university students unable to concentrate on their study. It is because, they still have another works after the lectures. They suppose to be working the assignments at home and studying instead of holding a part time job. After they work, they will feel tired and cannot do their homework seriously. Furthermore, they cannot work properly since their ability and experience is not enough. University students still do not have enough experience. For instance, when they have to serve the customer, they still do not know what to do or what to say if sudden problem comes. The last but not least, holding a part time job makes the students become money oriented. They will focus more on their job rather than the study. Moreover, they will not use their money wisely, since they still get pocket money from the students. Then, the result, they waste their money for something bad, such as drugs. In conclusion, students main task is studying. Part time job will only make them unable to concentrate on their study, become money oriented and loosing a lot of time. Therefore, a university student should not hold a part time job.


I agree, because students for have low money can do part time job for earn some money. They can do many jobs, such as a waiter, a computer mechanic, etc. Do the job seriously so you can earn good money too. Sometimes students from the outside city will do this for earn some money. Because they are far away from their parents. Their parents cannot send them money often. The first step is manage your time between your time at campus and time at your workplace. Maybe you want work 30  35 hours in a week, or maybe less then it. Then do your activities without worries about wasting time in other side. Do not spend out your money fast, you will have no money at all. The money you earn, you can spend it to pay your college per semester. Manage your income and outcome, do not make your outcome bigger than your income. And do not forget to bank it some. Bank your money so you can easier manage your economy. Learn to your friends or teacher how to manage money. Keep pray and do good job, money will come to you easily.


Part time job is a good way to train our children because I think that studies theory in school is not enough. They must have more experience before we release them to world of work. Parents must know that doing part time job have many advantage to their children. First, they will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship besides teacher and classmates. Second, they will more easily to find their ideal job because of their experience. Third, part time job can train them how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money, so they can more appreciate money and not carelessly spend it. Fourth, It will increase their ability to speak to public (public relation). Interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in our working environment. Fifth, they can learn how to take responsibility for what they have done. Take responsibility is very important factor in our working environment too. Another reason for the urge of encouraging our children to take part time job is part time job can make them know what is the value of time. Many children spend their idle time to playing video games, computer, watch movies, etc.. With doing part time job, they can use that time to do something meaningful things. In summary, we can say that part time job is good for our children.


Okay, now i want to write down an essay about part time job. But first, i have to tell you that my english is very bad. So, im sorry if i confused you with my word. :D Part time job is a good way to train our children because i think that studies theory in school is not enough. They must have more experience before we release them to world of work. Parents must know that doing part time job have many advantage to their children. First, they will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship besides teacher and classmates. Second, they will more easily to find their ideal job because of their experience. Third, part time job can train them how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money, so they can more appreciate money and not carelessly spend it. Fourth, It will increase their ability to speak to public (public relation). Interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in our working environment. Fifth, they can learn how to take responsibility for what they have done. Take responsibility is very important factor in our working environment too. Another reason for the urge of encouraging our children to take part time job is part time job can make them know what is the value of time. Many children spend their idle time to playing video games, computer, watch movies, etc.. With doing part time job, they can use that time to do something meaningful things. In summary, we can say that part time job is good for our children.


Nowadays, there are many university or college students who has part time during their study, because they should pay hundreds or thousands dollars for their college fees, and sometimes they spend the rest of their earnings for their food or gas fee. It is good for them because they can start to familiarize themselves with actual working atmospheres, but actually having part time job is not very good for them. They should go for work after their lessons, and they have no more time to do their assignments. Part time job, especially in the evening, also makes students easily got fatigue, because it decreases their rest time, and makes them tired and sleepy at the campus in the next morning, especially for the students who often have their study in front of computer. Part time job also distracts our studying routines and makes us difficult to manage our time. Sometimes students cannot decide which one is more important and should be preceded, studying at the campus or working. In my opinion, it is not important for us to be too fast to start working, because we can get working experience during projects period that is provided by our university or college.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job? Well, I think it is depends on each personal or student whether they want to get a part time job or not! With also consider situation of that person or student, look at his or her family economic situation. If the economic situation of that person or student not very good I think it is better if that person or student try to get some part time job that can help themselves to make some money that can help their parents to pay some credits of their education. To get a part time job also not easy I think, look at the situation of economic right now. All of big and small company looking for employee that had an experience in every single kind of job that they apply for. They must have patient in their effort when they try to look a part time job to help them make some money for their education, also to give them some important experience. About their salary it won't be as big as graduation employee, because they do not have some important experience in every single kind of job that they apply for.


I agree with the statement above, why doIi agree the statement? I agree this statement because, give extra money to us, as experience before we real work in industry, help us to buy necessary of campus, and we can help my parent to pay budget in college. Part time Job will give additional money to us. We can complete our necessary by ourselves without ask to our parent. For example if we want to buy some necessary out of predict may be Conference, seminar, or may be we can take holiday by ourselves. As we know job part time is will be run well if we can divide between time to study, the assignment in campus and time of work. Second reason is an experience before we real work in industry. Before we work in industry we can learn about how to communication with people, how the situation of work, and we will get more experience about work than our friends who don't have part time job. And we can see success people in the world. They only have much experience to reach their dream. Beside that part time job will help us to buy necessary of campus. For example if we want to buy a book and we don't be given money by our parent. It's mean we can step by step help our parent. And we will be a independent student. So because of the reason above i agree if part time job is important too.


College students are those who study in college. Generally, they still depend on their parents for their living. But, not all of them like that way of living. Some of them want to earn money by themselves. That is because modern lifestyle nowadays requires quite some amount of money. And sometimes, the money their parents send is not enough. On the other way, there are some college students who want to live independently, so they do not have to depend on their parents, like, forever. So they try to earn money by themselves. Some college students want to experience how to work in the future, when they graduated from college. One of the ways is to do a part time job. A part time job does not require too much time, but they still can earn some money to buy their needs and get the experience of working with other people, so they can get some training too. They can learn how to manage their time more appropriately, because they have to do their assignments and study for tests too. The other benefit is they can learn how to manage their own money. If they spend it wisely, they will have more money at the end, and they can have their own savings. That is why a part time job is important for college students.


In my opinion, for students who are willing to use their spare time work was very good. In addition to our experience increases, we also have their own income. And do not bother our parents, if there is a need that we want. And before we choose what is suitable work for us, we should also see the capabilities that exist in ourselves. If we adjust what we choose work according to ability or talent or hobby, it is better than doing something that does not comply with ourselves. For example, our field in the scientific field, we can channel it in a way taught in the course. Or we are interested in entertainment as a presenter, modeling, we can spend on our lecture schedule is blank weekend to do the job. In addition to developing the talents and abilities, can also be a side job we experience the world of work later. And this is also required. But if we are confused to choose jobs that fit with our time, we can be part time work in supermarkets, restaurants, coffee break, or place that provides part time job. So we must be smart divide their time between work and college side of us, not to all so messy. We must learn as much as possible by not relying on others.


Part time job is a job that needs fewer hours that full time job. Part time job can be seasonal or not. Some company hire more people in holiday to make sure the customer can be served. Like in Christmas, Independence day, etc. We can choose one from many kind of part time job. We can be a waiter, an assistant, baby sitter or even a teacher. College student usually get a part time job. It is very important and useful. College students can have a part time job, because they have flexible time from the university. So, they can match their time to go to college and another time to have part time job. Part time job is very useful for them. The first reason is the college student can spend their time to do something important. The second, part time job can make some many. So college student can have extra money for their needs like buy some clothes, pay car rental, buy some food, etc. The third is the college student can be more independent from their parent. The fourth is the college student can respect their things. They can use their money wisely because with working, they know that money is so hard to get. And the last is they will get more new experience.


Part time job are very important to a college student. They must know how their parents work to pay their tuition. Of course, their parents weren't talk much about their job because they don't want their children to worry much. In Indonesia many parents have their child to study hard to get a better tomorrow. Part time job is very important to college student because they are still asking money from their parents. Many of my friends just asking and asking money from their parents before thinking about their parent's economy. If a college student got part time job, they will decrease their will to spent more money because they are know how difficult to got money by himself / herself. Part time job also give a college student a lesson about responsibility and patience. How they react to their customer, how they react to their boss, and how they manage their time about study and work. It's not just the smart student can get part time job, the boss will need the diligent and honest one. Smart without diligent and honest are null. While diligent and honest without smart still can make something better to this world. That's all thank you.


It is important for college students to have a part time job and I agree. Actually it depends to themselves. Human use two side of brain. Left brain for intelligence and right brain for creativity. Maybe students who mostly use their left brain, like to focus on their study, so, we cannot force them to have a part time job. Different from left brain users, students who mostly use their right brain, like to use their creativity. Pouring creativity can be in many ways. Maybe in sport, music, cooking, etc. Many right brain users like to study while have a course outside college, or have a part time job for their creativity. But, I suggest left brain users also have a part time job. Maybe they can have a part time job in an office, be a part time teacher, etc. If they like science, they can be science teacher for high school students, etc. Part time job have many positive effect. They can earn money, apply their knowledge which they got from their college at their work place. The most important effect is, they can earn life experiences. So, right after they graduate, they already have visions about their job in the future.


Part time job is a job where people work when they have other job (student, or work). Some people usually do part time job because he or she need some money to live. The other reason some people do part time job because she or he want some experience about how to work. It is important for college student to have part time job because they need some experience in work. The experience in job is important because some of job request job experience to make they can job in that place. And usually people will pay more for people that have job experience. If some of the student do not want to job with other people they can use their job experience to make a job. The other reason is because they can feel how hard to get money. After they know how hard to get money they can use their money more useful. The money they can use to pay their college or they can use the money for buy some books. But if college student want to have part time job they must have to manage time. Because if they can't manage their time their score will down and make their college become longer.


Most colleges and universities offer opportunities for students to make money while working for a specific department or program on campus. Besides the financial benefit this provides to the student, it also has the extra bonus of allowing certain individuals the chance to learn additional facets of their chosen career path. Funding for student worker programs comes either from the federal government or the school itself, meaning students who get these opportunities generally have guaranteed employment through school. Working part time during college will build your character. Most of the jobs available to college students are very humbling. After you experience life as a waitress, or a janitor, or a sales clerk, you will become that much more grateful for the opportunities that a college education will provide you in the future. You will realize that the world does not exist to wait on your hand and foot, and that if you want to get something, you have to give something first. Keeping a part time job helps you learn to budget and handle money. In conclusion, holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Having to focus on your studies is not a valid excuse, because there are many options available for part time work, ranging from a few hours per week at an on campus job to 20 30 hours per week in the service industry off campus. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management.


I disagree that college students need to have a part time job. I think it is not too important for college students to have a part time job, because college students should focus on their study in university. If they are doing a part time job, of course they might have not focus and then they will get a bad mark on test. They also cannot do their assignment properly. Maybe they have all experience by doing a part time job but for what they do the entire part time job if on the last they do not pass their college? It will waste their time. They will waste their money too, of course. In this century, all students need a title for their future. All the job vacancy requires S1 title minimum, and a lot of people have it with a good mark. If we do not have a good mark, we won't compete them all. If your parents already have some job to do (good job for their future), don't hang on it too. We don't know what will happen it the future, right? So prepare yourself for unexpected events. After pass the college, go find a job with all the qualification that you have before.


A part time job is a job in which an employee does not work full hours. A part time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. Employment in a part time job has advantages and disadvantages which need to be carefully weighed when one is considering employment options. Part time job can also be used in reference to a student, usually in higher education who takes only a few courses, rather than a full load of coursework each semester. On the other hand, part time employees will be limited to basic positions, since the company many not want to invest in extensive training. In other cases, employers offer more options and flexibility, sometimes in the hopes of attracting long term full time employees. As is the case with a full time job, when another position opens up in a company, current employees may be encouraged to apply, thus moving up through the ranks. On part time job, there are some good effects if teenagers work. The biggest effect is that they can have some experience that they cannot have in the school. Those experiences are frequently needed in society situation when they get out of school life. Especially, experience that they endure other persons (customers of the shop or company's staff etc. ) and bring them around to another person's way of thinking must help to live in the many kind of situation in the future.


