January 1, 2008, a month ahead these days, Germany's smokers make depressing. In the meantime, such as a restaurant or bar, smokers smoking naturally, but can, 2008 January 1 is a non smoker Protection Act this fermentation, the above in place if you smoke, smokers 100 euros, and giving 1, 000 euros sales Meissen. Smokers looked previously and inconvenience of restaurants and bars of guests through reduced, opening day even tracks sales at a loss, however, and restaurant or bar, and a separate smoking space to create and operate their case, where smoking is legitimate. As a result, small business chapter wool award will invariably have just been deleted. Eonjebuteonga smokers for tolerance in our society landless, care for smokers (?) seems to be getting the space to be reduced. Non smoking measures national health promoting health reason, but the European Union (EU) are eager to join to represent an already non smoking measures taken by the other EU countries and policy coordination, it also means that it is strong. The overall opinion is non smoking measures to support, but some people will resist. Southwestern Turkey early this month, and the restaurant serves guests of cigarette turn saying the owner was shot and killed. 18, protest government emerging from difficult coffee shop and restaurant owners are more difficult for accused with non smoking measures have serious repercussions on the ruling party following elections would not take the threat of Iran has been released. Unintentional restaurant or at the bar was held the tobacco in the fire, as well as opening day let damage because it can. Hundred years called smoking futile. It is now up to place tobacco Phil seems to be getting bursts.


In many countries, smoking is banned in supermarkets, restaurants, hospitals, airplanes, and most from of public transportation. I'm all against of this. In Univ, there are so many smokers than not smoking people. In other words, I disagree with idea of prohibiting smoking in public. So, in my opinion, we don't have to quit smoking. Cigarette is the smoker's favorite food, just like how someone enjoys the favorite tea or coffee. Just consider for not smoking people. For example, smokers should smoke in the limited area. This is a common sense. We don't have to quit smoking. But you can get a bad effect to it. First of all it is dangerous to health. And, cancer or any disease will be occurred. Second, it can be smokeholic. And third, it causes ugly smell from the body. So, many people will keep far from one. And fourth, there will be much money spent, and it is terrible big amount if it was accumulated. Thus, it is unfair to prohibit smoking in public. If smoking in public is prohibited, the smokers' rights to smoke are ignored. Making a smoking area in public is the best way to respect both smokers and non smokers. Then, you'd better release to smoke than to quit. Thus, I don't agree to quit smoking.


I completely agree this statement. In the restaurant visit the variety an age group. For example. Kids, Juveniles, adult who stop smoking, old person who don't like smoke smell etc. If kids and juveniles were sent the smoke smell or see smoking, Smoking is very harmful for them. Some curiosity the kids, juveniles think "I want to smoke". & if adults who stop smoking were scent the smell, they want smoke, finally they again smoke and they lose health. Expense of tobacco is expensive. So if they (smoking) were stops smoking, they save money and they spend meaningfully. For example they donation for African who they don't money and don't have food water and medicine that they save their life from disease. Or spend for family and buy the house. Also tobacco is very addictive. They so called "be sold drug ". Above all smoking is very harmful and secondhand smoking is very hazard for health. So I insist ban smoking in restaurant. If Smoking ban was not ban at law, the nation is appointment that smoking area. And if they were disobeying the law, the government is punishing ruthlessly or considerably penalty that jail and community service that period is very long.


I agree that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. First of all, more likely to develop cancer. To human cancer, we are experiencing now 30 40 percent of the cancers caused by tobacco. At least 20 kinds of cigarettes inside the Level A may contain carcinogens. The accumulation of carcinogens in tobacco smoke continuously for long periods depend on the type of cancer greatly increases the probability of occurrence of cancer. Currently we are experiencing mankind 30 40% of cancer is caused by a cigarette. Therefore, if the world did not smoke 30 40% of all cancers would not have occurred. And Second reason is another disease. Leads to respiratory diseases. Cigarette smoking and respiratory function continued to weaken. Continue to smoke cigarettes to stimulate primary airway inflammation and cough up phlegm and bronchial wall thickening, creates a narrowing of bronchial as weakens the respiratory function. Culinary function in bronchial mucosa also weakens the ability extremely satisfying to hear less mucus. So who smoked cigarettes for a long time that deep mucus remained above lung strange sounds. As these reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree. The First, smoking can threaten the health. As a report, a cigarette contains more than, 000 different toxic or poisonous chemicals such as nicotine and carbon dioxide. This chemical ingredients threaten the health especially lung. Smoking leads not only smokers but also non  smokers to die. According to a survey, more than 50, 000 Americans die from secondly hand smoke (SHS) every year. Of those, , 000 American non smokers die from lung cancer. Like this, not only smokers but also SHS could cause the lung cancer. Therefore the public smoking should be prohibited. Second, smoking can make the public space especially campus unpleasant environment. A poison gas and a harmful content of e cigarette can pollute the air of public space. The campus space must be a safe and pleasant environment for faculty, staff and students. Smoking in campus of the public space plays a role in causing unpleasant environment. As a survey at Utah State University about 80% of students would support a policy making the campus completely smoke free. Most of the air pollutes the clean air of campus which is made of trees and then the students are not pleasant. Smoking in the public space especially campus should be prohibited.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Ultimately, restaurants are the place to offer food. They need to supply fresh food and clean hall to customer. Of course, people who visit a restaurant want to have dishes in pleasant surroundings. Imagine, when you are eating a delicious meal at a restaurant, smokers are smoking at the next table. Smoke is getting to spread in the air. You should be upset and lose your appetite. It is absolutely bad behavior to smoke in most of places where many people visit. Person who smokes in these areas lacks consideration for others and has no manner. They must know their fault and correct the deformed posture. A mature sense of citizenship helps to grow a high country level. However, it is better to prepare smoking sections for smokers in a lot of restaurant because smokers have a right to respect their liberty and personality. If smoking is prohibited in the restaurants by the law, lots of smokers cannot accept obediently. Anyway, I am sure that it is a serious social problem. We have to find out the best policy to satisfy both non smokers and smokers.


A lot of people smoke a cigarette everywhere to mitigate the stress. Of course, it seems to relieve their mind to smoke cigarette. However, I disagree that smoker draw at public place as well as the entire restaurant. I think that smoking should be completely banned at public place in country. There are some reasons supporting my idea. First, passive smokers are more likely to get cancer compared with non smokers and smokers. According to WHO report, passive smokers are always exposed to fatal disease like cancer and they are in with a shout of getting cancer three times to four times compared with non smokers and smokers. Second, to smoke a cigarette cost a lot of social expense. The survey of the Ministry of Health and Welfare shows that smoking area is the most expensive money to clean the surroundings because of time and employee. Third, smoking can cause dangerous accident like fire. According to the National Emergency Management Agency, it says that fire in restaurant is caused by the light of a cigarette thrown away carelessly. As a result, many people are injured by this situation. For these reasons, I absolutely assert that smoking should be banned all places except smoking area in country.


I totally agree with the idea of Topic B (Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. ) Let's see some reasons. First of all, there are lots of people who don't like the smell of smoking. For example, a month ago, I went to a restaurant where is near mountain, on one hand, I like the place because of the air around it, on the other hand, I saw a person who was smoking in the restaurant that makes me feel uncomfortable. I really hate the smell of smoking and when I smell it, I feel headache, so it was terrible dinner due to the person. Secondly, secondhand smoking is fatal for people's health. As you know secondhand smoking is much worse than smoking. Therefore, smoking in public place affects other people who are in public place as well as the smoker Thirdly, there is a possibility of a fire. In this case, many people who are in the public place are going to die. Fourthly, smoking in the public place makes young people or children have curiosity about it or want to smoke. That's why smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think almost people agree too. Restaurants are public place, not alone place. I don't think smoking is bad, smoking in restaurants is a bad. Non smoker is damaged by smoker because of secondhand smoking. I see a secondhand smoking is hurter than smoking in news. Smoking in restaurants, is an expose other people to disease. The target cans your family. Image one case, today is a family eat out. Your sun seat next to you. You start smoking, your sun breathe smoke. Your sun is non smoker. Your sun what think about you? Maybe he feels shame. Because he has a conscience. He thinks your smoking is restaurants are a wrong doing. Don't you agree? Everyone knows smoking in restaurants is a not good, child, adult, teenager, oldster. You must think mostly people health. Don't smoking in restaurants only for your pleasure. You want smoking in eat out, you go out and smoking that time, that a manner. Now days almost restaurants have a smoking room. Your few steps will be other persons happy. For almost persons happy, smoking in restaurants should be banded and smoker must observe this law. That's a win win strategy both position.


I know smoking is harmful to health, but the people who started out of curiosity are most common. In addition, many people started out of curiosity during adolescence are the person who initiated the most common. However, it will be harmful to young people who are exposed to that sad reality is that they have not. If parents have children who smoke increased the odds seem better. Because my parents are smoker I'll smoke a cigarette? Have to think that smoking is addictive from the moment it is fatal. Tobacco is a sign that food is a problem. Continue to sell tobacco as a drug with the wrong, you can purchase and Think that did it. A tobacco addiction to quit asking to hear someone who's already seems to be abandoned late. In my opinion, Tobacco is not starting from scratch, is an alternative method I know that smoking is not good is the majority who do not hang up. Smokes parents about the child is not eligible for scolding seems to. Curiosity of a child with a problem that's not much, but exposure to such situations, parents at the beginning of the fault seems to be even greater. That must not ignore someone smokes


Everyone knows that cigarettes are harmful to the body is true. But knowing that is the majority who do not quit smoking. In addition, there is very rapid these days, women were smokers. Streets as well as restaurants, cafes, pubs, etc. , is full of smokers. But the whole world and all people are not smokers. There are also non smokers. So there is plenty of growing conflict between nonsmokers smokers. Emits the smell of smoke in a restaurant meal you will be very unpleasant. So now a lot of restaurants are mostly non smoking section. I think the smell of smoke during dinner bad manners do not, but Love the shoes of cigarette smokers may be a too selfish to that. So a good compromise between the position of both measures, but not easy to find. I think that the restaurant sells alcohol and smoking also thinks its okay to acknowledge me. As he would so biheupyeonjaeman because that's also not fair. The restaurant sells wine in a little smoke free atmosphere to credit is okay, I think. The Often we think that in addition to a restaurant and a meal without wine is to make a non smoking section is courtesy of nonsmokers.


Our society has many smokers. So today recognition about smoking was as much higher than the past. For example, the police are recently cracking down a smoker in non smoking areas in Seoul. Most of smokers are easy to feel cumbersome what obey the law. For this reason actually cause stress for the smoker but it can't be helped for their health. I don't smoke but I don't think that smokers are being a bad man. I think that smoking is means to relieve stress for smoker. But smoking can causes harm to someone else. That is typical example is secondhand smoking. Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. For this reason, I'm sorry for smokers but I hope to keep smokers and passive smokers' body in good condition. But you don't push the smokers too much stop smoking. It may produce a negative effect to smokers. The best way is to motivate smokers to stop smoking. Then they will stop smoking themselves easily. I've had a similar experience, too. When I forced to stop smoking, my father who was smoker thought nitpicking. But when I encouraged my father to stop smoking, he showed a favorable attitude to me. In other words, smokers need motivation which stops smoking and encouragement.


Thirty percent of men and 19 percent of women around the world smoke. One hundred thousand children under the age of 15 start smoking every day. One of every ten deaths around the world is caused by a smoking related disease. With statistics like this, it's hard to imagine why smoking continues to be so widespread. There are over 4, 000 chemicals in a single cigarette, some of which are highly poisonous. Examples include naphthalene, which is used in moth repellent; acetone, the main component of nail polish remover; butane, a constituent of lighter fluid; and formaldehyde, used in embalming. Cigarettes also contain nicotine, a highly addictive stimulant that causes physical and psychological dependency. The two most serious health effects of smoking are cancer and emphysema. Smoking has been linked to 11 forms of cancer, including cancer of the esophagus, mouth, pancreas, bladder, and kidney. According to recent studies, smokers are 26 times more likely to die of lung cancer than non smokers. Emphysema is a chronic disease that destroys parts of the lungs and results in shortness of breath, hyperventilation, and asthma like attacks. Another common wealth effect of smoking is coronary artery disease. Smoking reduces the amount of oxygen that reaches the heart, increases blood clotting and blood pressure, and decreases high density lipoprotein (HDL) or "good" cholesterol. Women taking oral contraceptives should not smoke, as the risk for stroke increases almost four times. Smoking is the largest cause of preventable death in the world. Recent studies have found that smokers can undermine the health of non smokers in some environments


I am totally agreed. Of course, must do. Restaurants are a lot of people on both sides are a place to eat. And all people are not smoker. And the space is shared, and eat place. Personal reasons that giving others the damage may be undesirable. Smoke is direct smoking as well as passive smoking can damage to others. If there are pregnant, smoke is Will affect mother and, Baby too. Besides the damage is who will Compensation? All the people in the restaurant will receive compensation? Never do that. Tobacco is Harmful for human's body and Pollute the atmosphere. Also on the street is not an exception. This also passing people are affect. And Cigarette butt is abandoned on the floor. This gives rise to environmental pollution. According to, smoke has many problems. So smoker should use Smoking place, even if inconvenient. And Smokers are considerate of others, Should understand. Furthermore, Cigarette smokers also a little bit of this in terms of reducing, I hope that non smoking movement. That too without causing harm to others, your health, all of us is a way to stay healthy. Therefore, Keep the social order, Earth can take care of. Thank you for read my essay


I'm agreeing for this topic. Smoking is an infringement of non smokers' right non smokers' right is respected. Nowadays smokers are increasing in succession. Due to the increase, smokers are increasing in crowed places such as restaurant & cafe so passive smokers will damaged 3times more than smokers. We frequently can receive on the news or newspaper about the passive smoking. For example, passive smoking is poisoned by nicotine it can also be increase the risk of cancer and in some cases, death. Passive smoking is no better than murder, like this. By the way, smoking is terrible to think in restaurants. I have many times experience passive smoking in restaurant. I feel angry when smokers are smoking and i don't think it is good. Everybody have may think the same thing like me. And there is not only smoker but also pregnant woman and kids in restaurant It are quite deadly to them. Some people say that Prohibiting of smoking in the restaurant would infringe on the smokers' freedom. But Freedom can only be ensured when it doesn't infringe other freedom. Therefore I think that Prohibiting of smoking would be rigidly enforced in public places where non smokers' freedom should be protected.


When I met a person who knew long time ago, we had dinner together. It was so fun and food was fantastic before him smoke. He started to smoke. Then I couldn't concentrate his say, tasted delicious food. The ashes are into a soup, smoke is attack to me. It was my worst meal ever had. It's ok to smoke. But you don't smoke in restaurants. It smells so dizzy, feel like disgusting. I think smoking table in restaurants, is good for nothing. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has a bad effect for other people. It is corroborated by science. If you want to smoke, you must go smoking area! It's legal thing. And please don't smoke in the road. It's so feel bad. I want to a fresh air. Not to mix a cigarette ash. Don't' think about yourself, think about other person. They suffer your indifference action. Smoking is not attractive. It is a poison that your body going to sick. I want to smoke banned all the restaurants. They do not smoke in restaurants, say no more. It's a manner for others, and then we are feeling good together.


In my opinion, Smoking area of restaurants in the country must be completely banned. Restaurant is one of public places. Public place is not private space but space which Many people are using. Smoking Act like cigarette is harmful to someone in. For example, the health of babies to cigarette smoke is deadly. Also, cigarette smoke negatively affects pregnant women. These negative affect impacts on their general health problems, as well as cause of Death will bring extreme problems. Therefore, for this reason, Smoking in public places such as restaurants and should be Prohibited to all relevant. But in many nations, the law is unclear on the act of smoking in public places. Having clearly established the law, Penalties including fines system will be Strengthened. So, I want to say that strengthen the law governing corporal punishment And consequent damage to others that that is a way to reduce smoking behavior. After this process the posted, the effect will necessarily receive and people need to Worry about cigarette smoke will be reduced. Smoking should be completely banned at All the restaurants in the country. I agree strongly with the following statements. Smokers must conduct their own action and should be aware that it is critical for people Which is not smoke and the others to damage in all respects. At the moment, Change is the time to recognize the urgency of smokers.


I agree with the topic B. There are a lot of smoke free areas at restaurants, cafes, movie theatre, and pubs in many countries. Some countries hold that smoking in public places should be forbidden by law for people's health, while others insist that people have the rights to smoke even in public places in terms of freedom, economic effects, and overestimated data. However, smoking should be banned in public places all over the world since passive smoking could cause serious health problems and the policy prohibiting smoking in public places could help smokers reduce or quit smoking, enhance performance in workplaces and be helpful in terms of economic effects and the people's rights. Many non smokers think that the government should ban smoking in restaurant because there restaurant smoking have lots of side effects. It is involved to danger of secondhand smoke, harms of appearance of restaurants and environment, and desires of people. Think! How would you feel if a person smokes a cigarette beside you? You might feel unpleasant. If you are a smoker, you won't agree with it, but you are a non smoker, you would agree with it. Smoking in public restaurants has a lot of negative effects, so many non smokers insist on their right to breathe clean air and to be protected from smoking related diseases. Smoking in public restaurants has to be prohibited by law.


Did you ever see No smoking in this area or Smoking is prohibited here? As many of you know smoking is bad for your health also secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. So many people designate non smoking area and They disadvantage for smoker. But smoker's right important than non smoker's right. They will say, "I'm the one who smokes. Mind your own business! Cigarette is an item of personal preference and the government collects taxes from smoker. In spite of that many other countries are also striving to decrease the number of smokers and have developed a variety of anti smoking policies. Where smoker is's right? Are they criminal? I think that the government has agreed to lift restrictions on smoker and they're Induce smoker to decide to stop smoking. So restaurants divide the area in to two sections. One section is non   smoking area, the other section is smoking area then they're not going to complain to the government about this. Also smokers should try to keep a non smoker's right. Then the government doesn't collect taxes and developed a variety of anti smoking policies. And In this way, there will be less people smoking and it is possible that this dispute might disappear.


Recently, many people have been suffering from smoke. It means that everyone exposures smoke including babies and teens. Therefore, I'd like to say that smoking should completely be banned all restaurants throughout the country. This is because people who are used to smoke can't stay healthy when eating meals with smoking. To begin with, some people who used to smoke are eating meals with smoking. In other words, non smokers are not free for smoking. Generally speaking, having meals with smoking is brutal to every people. It even causes lung cancer for people who used to smoke. Also, it might be hard to keep staying healthy. As an example, one of my friends is not a smoker. However, he often get symptom of minor cold even when it's summer. One day, he dropped by a clinic. At that time, a doctor said that you've got a minor lung cancer. It was strange to him because he didn't try to smoke at all. From that day on, he avoids having meals outside. In conclusion, I strongly support on the idea that smoking should be banned all restaurants in the country. Eating meals without smoking seems like everybody's desire. People who both used to smoke and are used to smoking cannot keep their personal healthy, as long as smoking shouldn't be banned in all restaurants throughout the country.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because this can threatens the health of people. Anyone who does not smoke cigarettes has a very unpleasant smell I was hoping and indirect direct smokers to smoke 10 times more than the body is not good. Smoking directly from the filter at least once every other bad substance out, but second hand smoke as a bad substance. Today, many people who smoke worldwide. According to many studies, cigarette, causing a fatal disease, but many people puffing cigarettes is gradually increasing. So, smoking in public places, it's why you need to create space. Galicia In other words, I oppose smoking in public places. Second, smoking in public places, even to second hand smoke need space. The right one smokes anywhere, but the damage caused by secondhand smoke not think we should not be wearing. Smoking in public places, so I think that there must be space. In other words, no smoking in public places is unfair. If you ban smoking in public places, their rights are ignored. Second hand smoke to create smoking areas for smokers and that the best way to respect I think.


These days not only adults but also youths smoke. It is very serious problem. Smoking has some problems. First, it causes a disease such as cancer. Second, it makes non smoker unpleasant because cigarette smoke has an unpleasant smell. Third, it is unhelpful in environment because cigarette butts are thrown away on the every road. So, I think smoking makes two victims. One is smokers and the other is non smokers. Although the former enjoys smoking at that time, they will suffer from a disease related to smoking   many kinds of cancer . And, the latter is under stress and also suffers from a disease because of smokers. It is wasteful to spend money buying cigarette. Therefore, quitting smoking is more helpful to smoker and non smoker but, if smokers don't want to quit it, they ought to keep the manner. For example, they have to throw away cigarette butts in garbage and don't have to spit on the road. And, if smokers are with non smokers, they have to smoke outside for non smoker. Especially, Smoking is fatal to mother and baby. So, smoker has to be careful of the pregnant mother. If smoker pays attention more, non smoker can be more comfortable and feel better.


Smoking in restaurants should be banned outright. Because, nonsmokers is painful. Smoking in public places will be fined. Smoking is a choice, but Nonsmokers have a right to be protected. Children's, elderly, pregnant women may be at a restaurant. To them, secondhand smoke is a deadly one. Smoking room in restaurants should be created separately. When I once went to a restaurant, my next smoker is damaged to me I was very troubled by eating food. At least as much as in the restaurant, you should refrain from smoking. In fact, more than direct smoking, passive smoking is harmful to the body. Due to some of the rude people, innocent people should not wear damage. If you want to smoking, using smoking room. Little practice makes the whole happily. In a good restaurant, lovely people and to spend time with delicious food, why smokers need to try? In restaurant, enjoy your food! Not smoking. Gradually increasing number of people who smoking on the street. Smoking is not a bad thing. I would say that Let's identify when and where the smoke. It is not hard. To focus on the food when you eat. Not smoking in restaurants, can eat healthy and delicious food.


These days many restaurants are ban smoking or divide smoking room and nonsmoking room. It doesn't make big difference but there are lots of restaurants even don't divide room. I absolutely agree that all the restaurants completely ban smoking. I'm more agreeing because I'm nonsmoker but its common opinion for nonsmoker. Nonsmokers are more than smokers, for example, there are children, students, old men, and pregnant women. In restaurants, there is also more nonsmoker than smoker. If smokers are smoking in the restaurants, many nonsmokers are effected their health indirectly. Secondhand smoking is harmful their health. It's well known fact that secondhand smoking is caused cancer, and more harmful than smoker. Its irony that smoking in restaurants even if many people have a meal. In my case, I hate smell of smoke, and sometimes if I smell during have a meal, I don't want to eat a meal anymore. It's smoker's freedom but at least they don't damage other people. Fortunately, these days many restaurants, theater, and the inside of a building are ban smoking, or divide smoking room and nonsmoking room. Many smokers, however, are still smoking in bar, in the street, etc. It's very unpleasant for nonsmoker. I think that smoking should be completely banned at the entire restaurant. If our country does, we guarantee freedom of smoker, and keep right to protect health and breathe in the fresh air.


Smoking damages your health. But second hand smoking more harmful than smoking. And second hand smoking more than smoking is many died by cancer of the lungs. Therefore I think prohibition of smoking is very important. Many People are damaged by smoker. So I think Government make smoking area or non smoking section in the school. It decided on the second hand smoke damage to the people will decrease. Then healthier people will be many. Also, my carelessness is should be no damage with others. Stopping smoking is not so difficult. If you have confidence, you can do anything. To be frankly with this essay, it's harder to quit smoking than to quit drinking. Just I think. Because Drink alcohol is feeling better sometimes but Smoking cigarette is disgusting. Exercising, eating a healthy diet, and stopping smoking, researchers have long known that doing each of these protects the heart. Most important thing is stop smoking. Nowadays many teenagers smoke cigarette, so, the campaign against smoking should be aimed at teenagers. And Korea's government has plans to extend the no smoking area. Anti smoking information is one of them. But there's a lot of anti smoking information floating around out there, and people still smoke. I hate them.


These days, many people are smoking. In our school case, many students are smoking in everywhere. I think smoking gives other people a lot of damage. Because for those who do not smoke gives damage. Than direct smoking, passive smoking is not good for person's body. And smoking is weakened breathing smoke fitness comes the hard mucus. In the body always messy and the smell of smoke around people who smell give offense. When smoking first cigarette, but the mind being stable in the future after 4 5 years will grow to be unconscious. The damage is greater financially. I can't feel the taste of food smells the scent is can't. However, if a cigarette for a week to break the food is really delicious and very fresh air becomes when the smoking, the amount of nicotine increases in the body. Increasing the amount of nicotine has adverse effects occur. Adverse effects of body movement arose in the case of pregnant women to reduce blood flow to the placenta is interrupted. First cigarette smoke or too much light when opened! Vomiting, dizziness, a headache, because the nicotine to paralyze the nerves. Therefore smoking increases the incidence of end liver and lung cancer gets worse because the body is not good


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. A few days ago, I saw the news about the harms of tobacco. Cigarette smoke causes cancer, and to harm the lungs, when general population is more dangerous than someone smoker has found. And knowing that people continue to smoke cigarettes. Even in public, to the smokes. Those who do not smoke frowned eyes nose. However, people who smoke do not know what harm. Naturally there are do not hang up a cigarette, Secondhand smoke is harmful, especially to children and the elderly. However, despite the phrase smoking, people smoke cigarettes. This is a serious problem. The problems that should be improved. Smoking how can we do? Perhaps they will never have to quit smoking. If you cut down to break, but the world is not seem possible that all people. Smoking is injurious to health, everyone knows it. However, many people are curious and will start. Although some of them smoke, there are many youth. Selling tobacco to people 20 years old. Youth smoking, but also what can be seen easily. When it is very sad. Does not mean that there is no way. However, where security, it smokes. 190 Addiction is really scary, but all hope is loss of people smoking, Finish this essay.


I think smoking is bed habit. It is affective health care and skin healthy. And it is bed affect other people the proximate people smoking people. I hate a people who are smoking at the load. Korea law enact that people can't smoking the official area. But smoking people smoking law area. But it isn't performing. Women are nearly hate smoking people. Nowadays Korea law is that prohibit smoking seen to television program. Smoking people must give a therapy. Public rotation prohibits smoking that seems to be theater, bus stop and son. Café divide place smoking area or nonsmoking area. They ask to customer which area does you want. Unfortunately, I heard on TV that poorer nation, more smoking. This year, cigarette cost increase. And for people who stop smoking are automatic cigarette was launch. At non smoking you are not supposed to smoke there. Seoul city's anti smoking campaign frequently opening. Any man thinks smoking people is very stylish. But that is very mistake. That just virtual image. Doctors advise to stop smoking. Almost women hate smoking man. Korean people are smoking now too and they have to pay for his cigarettes. If you smoking person, you must stop smoking I advise.


I do not think badly about smoking. But smoking in public places for people who do not Smoke and avoid smoking if you think that is different. For themselves as well as the stress that smoking can do What no one shall harm to others, but of course I'm sorry If you need to give me more days I should try to avoid Causing harm to another person, most people do not think It is smoking. Exactly call for smoking to be bad behavior, But while living in a society with the pursuit of his Interests are absolutely a problem with. In addition, Secondhand smoke is more harmful than smoking It through junior high school student knows that education Are too often the adults that they might not know it is not? A close friend or remotely close to knowing the person I met for the first time that a victim of secondhand smoke And nowadays there are many cases of women who smoke and smoking, But it is still more of a male. Slip on the idea that equality between Women and men, but men say nine human ancestors would have To protect women and children did not take even such a small Consideration does not make sense. Thus, smoking in public places Or not to smoke around people that do not harm the freedom Of the individual smoking in them, so do not think there is good reason to stop.


I know, you know, and everyone knows that smoking is terrible. Human being has been smoking long time ago. Why do they smoke? I have never been smoked so I don't know about that. I think that the person who made smoking didn't know that smoking is harmful to the human's body and the people who lived at that time didn't know that smoking is harmful to the human's body. If they realized the true, they didn't smoking. But eventhoug now, we must not smoke. How can we stop smoking? The government helps that. If the government makes the signore's price badly high, People who smoke will reduce because they can buy the signore. Then, the government must not earn money from sailing signore's. If they couldn't earn money from that, they can stop nourishing the signore's plants. And then, the government must make the large region where people can't smoke. As they don't like look at the area, the smoking people will reduce smoking. Finally, the government must made law that the people who smoke in public area Is guilty because the smoke gives other people who don't smoke harmful. So I think that is guilty what can't see. Also we have to teach the children harmful about smoking before they start to smoke. I think if everybody on the earth stop smoking, the human being will be healthy more than now.


To all the people smoking in public places damage. No smoking peoples of tobacco smoke and passive smoking are to give It's very bad for people who smoke more than 10 times higher should. It is also not entitled to claim compensation means you cannot place. Street or at restaurants that will not smoke cigarettes. Children are growing rice meokeultego be heard because a lady than adults will only make it worse. So smoke cigarettes in public places have to think very large fines. And manners to keep it for granted I think that it is. Public places smoke damage over those who do not have laws to go So if lesson is illegal and people are not self restraint will ease us all. Therefore, we should raise the young people and smoking habits As adults to quit smoking should be When I was a bright face to national And these days, even elementary school children are blooming world. Starting with this, adults in the show to break the world I want to create smoke free world. So politicians and public awareness and to create separate smoking areas and other places give a penalty should not give no smoking people damage. No smoking please


Smoking harms the health of smokers and nonsmokers to health. According to research, indirect smoking is more harmful than direct smoking is. Therefore, smoking in public places should be made perfectly. Those who do not even know that the damage is not right. In addition, there are many family restaurants. Despite signs of smoking in restaurants, there are people who smoke. It makes people frowned upon. Children should not be exposed to cigarette. Guests come to enjoy its meal unpleasant feeling because of the smoke should also think. A lot of people in a restaurant require consideration of smokers. They go to places other than restaurants could smoke a cigarette. The restaurant is a place to eat is not the smoking room. Smokers know the risks of secondhand smoke, yet the problem continues a consideration that is lacking. If the problem is solved yielding a little. Non smoking and smoking areas in restaurants and it is essential to put them strictly regulated. Nonsmoker's rights, too, is important, but should respect the rights of smokers think. Must find ways to live together. Effective manner while minimizing the damage should understand each other. Do not wait for the victim of a selfish need special attention.


What smoking? Smoking is cigarette burning actives. As a material with a strong addictive cigarette smokers tend to smoke if you continue to occur. Smokers are addicted to the nicotine contained in cigarettes. Absorption of nicotine addiction on a regular basis, if shake and emotional withdrawal symptoms such as anxiety comes. Coming very soon, these withdrawal symptoms after 24 hours of smoking could resist smoking again. Thus, if an addict, Classified as nicotine addiction will be treated as a psychiatric disorder. If a large amount of nicotine absorbed, Nervous, Digestive, Circulatory, Endocrine, as well as to the affects vision. In recent years, smokers, women and young people are going rises exponentially. If the growth is a result young people became less young people smoke and lung cancer, muscle, bone, nervous system damage can easily be followed by the research revealed. Especially maternal smoking affects the fetus also. Smoking lowered the chances of pregnant women giving birth of if the developmental disabilities of the fetus were born, distraction, emotional instability appears. In the case of passive smiling directly gives more damage than smoking. Smoking directly into the filter at least carcinogens is filtered. But, secondhand smoke in the filter as unfiltered smoke, the risk of lung cancer because it absorbs more than twice that smoking is directly. As a result, smoking will damage to every person.


Although I know it's difficult to carry on this policy, I would insist on my opinion. That is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Here are my reasons. First, as we all known, smoking is really bad for health. Smoking can cause different diseases, such as cancer, black lung and teeth, etc. Nowadays, more and more people die because of smoking. Second, smoking is not only bad for the smokers' health, but also bad for the people who are near them. According the recent news, the smokers' families are easier to get sick than the smokers themselves. Third, restaurants are the public places where people have their personal space. If you smoke in the public, you are very rude because you interrupt others. Fourth, compared to other places, restaurants are the most places people get together. They are the places for people to enjoy delicious food, not enjoy the bad smell of cigarettes. Fifth, smoking would easily cause fire. It is reported that there are many fire disasters happened which were caused by smoking, especially in the dry weather. We should not neglect the bad affection of smoking. In order to protect our environment, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the whole country. To provide people comfortable environment and good mood, this policy is necessary to carry on one day. However, it's not an easy job. Therefore 荊his policy should be protected by laws to be powerful and strict.


We usually eat outside at least one meal and we can see smoking people in that site. If you are a non smoking person, you can eat cigarette smoke instead of the food. Recently, the article that people around smoking people are higher the risk for lung cancer than smoking people was announced. At least, if we are considerate people that think others than me, I think that we must not smoke at the public site like restaurant. Also by globalization society, there are a lot of foreigners in Korea. They have to eat Korea's food at Korea's restaurant. There are also people that don't like to smoke near them. If they who comes Korea because of love for Korea see smoking people at Korea's restaurant, they will think all of Koreans are impolite. And there are also children come with their parent. If we smoke in front of them, children weakened immune systems can be more harmful their health. And it can be impacted children's education purpose which improves Korea's future. I think you already know smoking is not good all aspect in our life. Although it is hard to quit smoking, why don't you stop smoking than to undergo hate eye?


I emphasized the bad effect of smoking. I hate smoking. Smoking is very bad for your health. Cigarette smoking is dangerous to your health. In the interest of health, people are asked not to smoke. People who smoke say smoking will release the stress. It is just an excuse. According to what they say unmaking people cannot live. Because they are no place release of stress. And smoking causes serious lung cancer. Smokers have a greater risk of renal cell carcinoma than nonsmokers do. Smoking Cigarette smoking is one of the major killers in the world. Lung cancer is the first death rate through smoking. Also smoking damage not only one's own self but also at one's elbow. That is how selfish act! If the reason smoke is stress, you can release stress with sports and leisure. Well, first, you need to stop drinking and smoking, and exercise more. If it weren't that bad the school puts a ban on smoking. Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. Sometimes smoking is ok. It is bad for the health to smoke like a chimney. The cravings for tobacco take a while to completely go away. There is nothing you should try.


I do not agree. It is very personal freedom. Of course, smoking is very bad thing to all of people. But we already have smoking zone. So we may smoke in the zone. Most people say, "Smoking is bad thing for smoker, but the worse thing is involuntary smoking. That is correct! But, all of restaurants abandoning about smoking is no desirable. If all of restaurants abandon smoking, many companies which produce tobacco are death. It is business! And it is life! Their life! Producing tobacco. . . Anyway, we have lots of smoking zone and lots of company. Why we founded the company and the factory that making tobacco. It is not make sense. Therefore, smoking in special area like smoking place or outside is okay. And that is free to all of people who are smoking. So, if we have no condition; like "Do not smoking here" than it is okay smoking in the restaurants. And it is fair! That is why this problem is not illegal. Free! It is very personal problem. Whatever! If the smoking person do not damaged another person, it is not so serious problem isn't it? Consequently, I think it is unfair to lots of smoking people.


Smoking is not good. Cigarettes are a drug. Cigarettes are bad for our body. But we still smoke cigarettes because Cigarettes are addictive. My father smoke. Heavily and I hate my father smoke heavily. My friends smoke, too. I wish they don't take a cigarette. Cigarette is known is not good in the world. People know Cigarettes is not good. But people cannot seem to quit. The Smoker is addictive. Lots of people are getting cancer cause of it. We must warn everyone how serious smoking is and we must help them stop. It's been years since I heard that the government has raised the price of cigarettes. But they didn't raise it to make people stop. They did it to earn more profits. I mean why did they only raise 500won if they intended to make people stop smoking? They should have risen more and more. But there's one problem. If this policy really works, and no one buys a cigarette, Korea will get a big damage. Almost more than 5 percent of budget is earned by cigarettes. But if this stops, all of us could get in trouble. So it will be impossible to make them stop selling cigarettes.


I do think smoking is bad. Smoked cigarettes, as well as in side by side gives a lot of damage to people. For the hundreds of tobacco carcinogens, and a good time to think. Tobacco smoke, many get sick. Ulysses is a jam bottle damages. Pneumonia, lung cancer, throat cancer and so is the cause of many illnesses. Tobacco smoke, stress relief can be instantaneous, but when the tobacco addiction, because addiction can also cut down for no longer is hand, but then you are addicted to cigarettes for life hair and may have come in really big trouble if and when I do, you blame a person who there would be no. As the increasingly impressive addition damage gap economically is a big loss. When crossing a circle 2500 that one cigarette a day pack is more than two circles for more than 5, 000 per month, and then just fly hundreds of pounds. Cigarettes are not good economically for their health do not forget to think we need to cut Must. For you to break even for the people around there, and hangs up, he also is good when the good results good results can be achieved Province. Various efforts to break up a cigarette, which you can exercise while other hobbies Did you see a cigarette I think it's time to hang up on the various efforts. When stopping smoking getting skin getting better health, a lot of benefit in many ways. The nice thing about cigarette smoke, but you really feels that the best part about being disconnected, and in many ways to quit thinking that deep.


It should be banned in restaurants; smoking is harmful to other people. I experienced, I was eating some food, some guy smoked cigar behind me. I smelled smoke I lose my taste. That screwed up my lunch. I hate smokers. As you know about relation smoke and health. Smoking is very harmful to health. But many people like smoking cigar. I don't understand why like smoking. Especially in restaurants, smoking should be banned. Restaurants are public place. Many people enjoy their time. Smoking smell interrupt many people and harmful besides smoking. Frequently used by the general public from passive smoking in restaurants, one would seriously exposed to the evils of smoking were higher opinion that legislation. Secondhand smoke and indoor public places to protect the front of the ordinance enacted smoking bans smoking in restaurants and workplaces to encourage smoking, the risks of passive smoking are needed to promote. When Smoke in restaurants, smoking ash add many food. In this case people don't like this situation. Smoking ash is not good for enjoy time in restaurant. This behavior is very rude to many people. But smokes don't recognize that. I want to know that smoker's behavior how are some terrible. I want to change them.


With the development of society, smoking in public place such as restaurant is abandoned in many countries. Even though, it can give great inconvenience to smokers, since non smokers suffer from their smoking, I am strongly convinced that those who smoke in the restaurants should be banned. First, smoking harms not only smokers' health, but also non smokers'. It is a well known fact that passive smoking damages a person's body more than the direct one does. People who are near the smoker in the restaurant have no choice but to breathe all the bad chemical substances not being filtered. It causes many diseases such as cancers and difficulty in breathing. No one wants to harmful their health, with eating delicious food. Furthermore, the family who has a baby does never want to breathe in really harmful smoke to their baby. They have to take care of him because of young age. Second, everyone has the right to enjoy their life. A number of people visit restaurant to eat delicious food and have good time with their family or friends. Since they pay the money including service money, they have the rights to enjoy the happiness and even freedom. However, if a person smokes in the restaurant, this means that the person is violating the non smokers' rights to refuse to breathe in the smoke, which harms their bodies and makes them unpleasant with the smell. For the two reasons above, I agree with the rule that prohibits people from smoking at the all restaurants in the country.


When I saw the topic, it is reasonable that smoking should be perfectly banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some (not all) people feel unpleasant about smoking. So do me. They have right to have an enjoyable meal. But, because of the smokers, the people are not being supposed to be disqualified by them. I have an unfavorable experience about this happen. As I went to the Chinese restaurant with my friends, we had the thinking about the luxurious atmosphere, and nice tasty foods. So we were very delighted. At that time, many guests came into the restaurant. Until then the guests did not have to worry about, we felt good. But the moment one of the guests was starting smoking. Then the other guests began smoking after him. Since then, the inside of the room became the fog and the smell of smoke. It was hard to breathe for us because the smoke blocked, and eyes were hurting, too. From then on all of my friends as well as the restaurant began to be offended by the smokers. So, in the end all the more impatient people protested them. The situation was resolved but everyone enjoyed delicious food and deprived of rights became unintentionally. So, I agree to be prohibited from smoking in restaurants.


We have two opinions about smoking. Agree about smoking and disagree about it. First, I want to tell about disagree opinion. Because I am not smoking. Smoking is harmful our health. But lots of non smokers are feeling pain cause of cigarette's smoke. Everybody knows second hand smoking is more harmful than smokers. If you smoke long time, you can die earlier than non smoker. And nowadays lots of people try to help for smoker to quit cigarette. They try to give free chance of quit smoking. For example, give free nonsmoking patch and some pill which help to control about feeling of smoking. And on TV has lots of advertisement about danger of smoking. So if smokers who want to quit cigarette, but it if too difficult quit by ownself, try to get some help. Nevertheless you want to smoke; I want to smoke only on smoking area. And second opinion is agreed about smoking. Almost of smokers are say we want to smoke. But these days we can smoke only our house. Because almost of area are nonsmoking building. My opinion is disagreeing smoking. But when I read some article about smoker's difficulties, I can understand little. In government, they sell cigarettes. But government wants to quit smoking. This is out of question. If government and people really want to get rid of smokers, they cannot sell cigarette. So I think if you really want to get rid of smokers, never sell a cigarette and if you can do it, just you make some smoking for smoker.


Government's indoor smoking measures murder happened in Turkey until this time, non smoking measures to protest on the restaurants, cafes, their collective erupted a week. 18, 1000 people from Turkey are gathered in Ankara also non smoking measures demanded retraction of the BBC. A large number of participants protesting restaurant and coffee shop, bars, and so the ""non smoking measures spoiling Pidgin"" and ""establishments to allow my smoking section"". Turkey is a full 40% of the adult population is 2, 500 million people smoking and global' kids characters, and the country'. Specifically, 15 to 40 year old half the population. The Government of Turkey, in May last year, these are a public place smoking and last month that bars and cafés, restaurants, and even in front of the smoking ban enforcement regulations. Regulatory violations: smokers about 45 dollars, business owners than those of many fine 9 times as much. Non smoking measures national health promoting health reason, but the European Union (EU) are eager to join to represent an already non smoking measures taken by the other EU countries and policy coordination, it also means that it is strong. The overall opinion is non smoking measures to support, but some people will resist. Southwestern Turkey early this month, and the restaurant serves guests of cigarette turn saying the owner was shot and killed. 18, protest government emerging from difficult coffee shop and restaurant owners are more difficult for accused with non smoking measures have serious repercussions on the ruling party following elections would not take the threat of Iran has been released.


Although I am not a smoker myself, I understand that many smokers feel we have gone too far in restricting their right to enjoy tobacco. A complete ban on smoking in public is needed to protect people from passive smoking. First, Society accepts that adults can decide to harm themselves to some extent, so long as they do not harm others. But Passive smokers do choose to breathe in other people's smoke. If they do not want to smoke passively, they do not need to go to places where smoking is allowed. There is therefore no reason to ban smoking in public. Second, in many places, there are no non smoking restaurants. These days It's banned in Korea, in restaurants, pubs and inside in all public places, that more than enough, banning it outside is going way too far. However All people have rights, and we cannot limit them. Because smoking is the own choice of every man, it would be very intolerant behavior if people against smoking will limit them. But there is some decision in such hard situation. In restaurants it should be smoking parts, where smokers can smoke and do not disturb others. Its good way for all people. In summary, smokers may know well that their smoking in public places and restaurants leads to a flood of complaints from nonsmokers. Everyone has the right to be safe and healthy in their restaurants, but this basic right can be infringed by smoking. Because of these, smokers must accept the fact that they do not have the right to pollute the air other people inhale, and that restrictions must be placed on their right to smoke


About Smoking at the restaurants Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, various people come to restaurants. The weak person is among various people   like baby, old man, pregnant woman. It is very harmful for them. Other cancers are also affected by cigarette smoke. Smoking is little short of murder. It is not only killing you but also others. Second, it is against etiquette to smoke at table. I don't care if you smoke but you must observe the proprieties. I don't want to go to the place where fill with cigarette smoke. Cigarette smoke is sewage to non smoker. It is equate to have dinner in the toilet. Good manners are important for human relationship. They have no right mess up my lunch or dinner time. I want to eat delicious food, not cigarette smoke. This two reason are why I am against smoking at the restaurants. Restaurants purpose is to eat. It is not smoking place. If you don't want to be murderer, you don't smoke at the restaurants. If you don't able to have your precious meal time at the toilet, you don't smoke at the restaurants. I want you remember why Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants.


I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Most of the restaurants have smoking zones. Smokers go there and eat or drink. We don't have right to prevent their right that smoking. Instead of banning smoking at the restaurants, we have to make a rule that smokers and non smokers can agree. I think if smokers do not realize smoking zone and smoke everywhere and then it causes bad effect, they should receive penalty. Of course, smoking is bad, but spitting on the pavement is the worst. Smokers in Korea spit phlegm on the pavement after smoking. It drives me crazy. It sounds dirty and looks weird. I think smokers don't realize that it looks and sounds dirty, and it's not care for other people. Thus, we should have rules for people who smoke and spit phlegm on the pavement. I heard that schools try to teach that, but it is not good, so we have to make institute for smokers and how it feels and property of it. I think unconditionally, banning smoking causes bad effect, we have to make rules to handle nation fairly, so we should listen to opinions of both.


I don't agree with the idea that smoking should be banned at all of the restaurants because of following reasons: Banning smoking at all of the restaurants cannot stop people smoking at the public place which has more serious problems; the owner of the restaurant might have difficulties when customer smokes at the restaurant. Firstly, smoking at the restaurant shouldn't be banned because if smoking at the restaurant is banned, they would smoke the outside of the restaurant which has serious problems such as indirect harm toward people who don't smoke as much as smoking inside of the restaurant. Therefore it's no use banning smoking at all of the restaurants. The other reason for being disagree with the idea that smoking at the restaurant should be banned is that the owner of the restaurant would encounter difficulties if the customer smokes at the restaurant. Even if smoking at the restaurant is banned, some people might smoke at the restaurant. This situation would make the owner as well as other customers uncomfortable and persuading not to smoke would be difficult to the owner. Therefore it would be not beneficial to ban smoking for the owner of the restaurant. To conclude, I completely disagree with people who claim that smoking at all the restaurant should be banned due to Banning smoking at all of the restaurant cannot stop people smoking at the public place which has more serious problems; The owner of the restaurant might have difficulties when customer smoke at the restaurant. Some people would disagree with my opinion because smoking at the restaurant is harmful for people's health. It could be. But it would be better if the restaurants make sections for non smoke people and for smoking people instead of banning. Therefore smoking at the restaurant shouldn't be banned.


I absolutely agree with a prohibition of smoking in all the restaurants. It's the fact that has been already proved smoking affects all the people around smokers. Even though the fact is it, Korea doesn't have suitable law. I watched a programmer about smoking in public area. Once, a baby who was passing under the balcony was damaged his eyes by ash. It means smoking in public area is very dangerous and harmful for anyone around them. It's obvious smoking cause cancer people who don't smoke, near the smokers. When I was in Ireland for 8 months, I saw many Irish smoking. But it was outside. Even in the pubs, they didn't smoke because it was a law. I was so impressed that feel need to have a law in Korea as well. It's not forcing smokers to stop smoking. They need to avoid smoking in public area. We can make some area or place outside the restaurants for smokers. I think it should be banned not just in all the restaurants, in all the public area because the opinion you mentioned does not completely force them to stop it. So, the opinion I mentioned is not so strong law when we consider the danger of its harm.


Restricting smoking at all restaurants is controversial, since although non smokers may think this is a good idea, smokers naturally may not. It may also be seen as an interference with people's freedom. Different cultures may have varying attitudes as to whether business or governments have the right to ban smoking in all restaurants. Such bans may be beneficial by reducing the costs to society of smoking such as litter and health care. But it is going to reduce tax revenue and discourage the group such as cigarette companies. But banning smoking in the restaurant may not be a good idea. Because smokers may feel uncomfortable. Also passive smoking can cause objection to get freedom for smoking. In addition, smoking may bring some benefits to society, for example, in tax revenue and about the pleasure of smokers. And there is no reason why the disadvantages of allowing smoking don't outweigh the advantage. As a smoker I believe that restricting smoking in all restaurants is not a good idea. Because it can cause the problem bans limit smoker freedom. It challenges to the right which is protected by the constitution. That is why I don't support smoking ban at all restaurants strongly.


The Smoking should not be allowed in a restaurant. A restaurant is a place where people eat a meal. Hygiene is very important in a restaurant. But smoking in a restaurant pollutes the air inside. Air pollution can harm either smoker or nonsmoker. Cigarette smoke is harmful for human. There are numerous harmful elements. Particularly, the child in a restaurant is vulnerable these elements. Smoking can prompted a disease such as lung cancer. The Smoke is fatal to people. Especially second hand smoking is injurious to nonsmoker's health. Many of people hate the smell of cigarette. They have to bear the smell while they have a meal. This is unfair for nonsmoker in it. And, it is also damaged restaurant's image. If the store be enveloped the smoke, the customer feel displeasure and then they don't go there anymore. Eventually the intended damage is raised. Smoking is an action that affect bad effect not only smoker but also the other. Therefore it should not be permitted to smoking in a public area like a restaurant. Smokers have to know why smoking should not be allowed in a restaurant. And they keep the manners in a cafeteria. Then people have meals comfortably.


I agree. Smoking in public places that would inflict damage to another person. We smoke while in others physically and mentally to the damage. A place with me because everyone else should have manners and can be used together. Tobacco is the cause of cancer in the world. There are also addictive. In addition, for the other party is known to cause cancer even more. We begin to think that smoking in public places would not think it is not good? So, most restaurants do not harm others in order to create a separate smoking area. We know. Smoke than those who do not smoke a lot of people are dying of lung cancer. What these words mean? We always drink the smoke of smokers are living proof. Smokers breathe in the smoke through the filler, but we unfiltered cigarette smoke, but we make than prohibiting smoking that makes people off the premises. In other words, we not only restaurant anywhere else in the smoking area to prevent damage to other people should try to smoke. But we all live alone and do not forget to live together. And then I care to others is a habit. Ten kinds of behavior always occur when one kind of behavior should remember that.


When I was young, I do not like smell of smoking. Because smell of smoking is not good. I did not know why people are smoking. But I go to the college I saw many people who is smoking. I do not like smell of smoking, but I am tried to understand smoker. Averter then I thinks that smoking is a one of the liking. Just like we drink coffee. However second hand smoking is an incoming problem. We cannot ignore this problem. Therefore smoking is able to be allowed in designated area. Maybe smoker experience inconvenience because of this. But it is an important thing for people who are not smoking. However quitting smoking cigarettes is a best method. I know that quitting smoking cigarettes is not easy. But I want to recommend smoker to quit smoking cigarettes. Because it is harmless for people who is near smoker and quitting smoking cigarettes is good for smoker's health. Smoking makes diseases. There are many dangerous diseases. So it will be great that we find another way that our stress is relaxing. For example doing exercise or listening pop music is good. I hope that this method will be a good help.


At present, in many restaurants have a smoking room and no smoking room. But no smoking person see the smoke scene in smoking room. No smoking person feel bad because hate smoking. Indirect smoking is bad for everyone. In restaurant, people eat food and talk with friends or family. Smoking person doesn't have to smoke in restaurant. Nowadays wherever we go, we can find people smoking even it is prohibited to smoke. Many countries are trying to stop people from smoking in restaurant and have some rules. I think it is a good rule. There are several lessons that I support this rule. In some countries, people are no longer allowed to smoke in many public place and restaurant. Restaurants are the places where many people are eating or staying around. The places have to be comfortable and very clean. If people start to smoke, the places might be full of smoke and the non smokers would feel unpleasant. There would be full of cigarettes smell and left over cigarettes all over the floor. By this, numerous people who are summing to the places would not have pleasant time and good rest. This cigarette smoking can affect non smokers It has been already found that cigarette smoking is much bad for the non smokers. Second hand smoking is breathing in the smoke from other people's cigarettes.


Smoking is somewhat very controversial issue in the modern society. There are people who claim that smoking in the public places must be banned by the law and who claim that habits like smoking should not be limited by the law because it is violating people's individual right. They argue whether it is a freedom of people or a habit that harms lots of "innocent" people; non  smokers. What I think is that smoking is not banned by the law at the first place. It shoulder be perfectly a decision that people make by themselves whiter they smoke or not. However, since indirect smoking is known as very harmful to people and there are people who cannot even handle the specific smell of cigarette and tobacco, the smokers should aware these facts and respect these non smokers. Shortly, as well as non smokers respect them and let them smoke wherever and whenever, the smokers also must respect the non smokers, because even though smoking is allowed by the law, their choice to harm their body can also harm other people who do not choose to harm themselves. Habits like smoking should be respected and laws are not to violate any individual rights as loon as these habits are not to affect other people.


Smoking is very harmful our health. Recently, the government has increased taxes to discourage smoking. And The government's move is part of worldwide efforts to reduce smoking rates. It says the increases are meant to discourage smoking. That means we're gonna have to quit smoking. In the restaurant, For Instance every sits are non smoking sections. That is a Korea government's policy. But many Restaurants are indifferent to this policy. Sometimes When I entered a restaurant, the restaurant's has a hazy air. So I don卒t feel well. I agree to a government's proposal. I crusaded to ban smoking. But it was a seemingly impossible thing because there are many smokers in Korea relatively. Therefore we launched a crusade to ban smoking more hardly. Korea's prohibition of smoking education is a little short. So we have a correct understanding of prohibition of smoking. Korea's government should introduce to prohibition of smoking. For example, When We smoking cigarette at public places, Policeman will invoke economic sanctions against. Like a penalty (more penalty). Also we're recognition will heighten of smoking. And Korea's government will make a smoking area in the middle of road. A Smoker has human rights too. We must respect the human rights of other people. So we think more carefully and deal with a matter about smoking.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't agree on this topic. Well, first, I'm not smoker. And I don't like smoking. But all of the world, it has the smoker and non smoker. Also, people are having the right of freedom. This begin so, they have the right to smoke. But, it is important one thing. They should not be harm for non smoker. Of course, smoking is harmful the most of people. Most restaurants have smoking section and non smoking section. But, it is others don't. All restaurants have smoking section and non smoking section. That must be expected. Because, the restaurants in the smoking people and non smoking people. The restaurants having the smoking section is not harmful to nonsmokers. That is the rule designated. The rule is all the restaurants have smoking rooms. And second rule, they should be monitored the kids keep smoking areas. Because, smoking a most of harm to children. When it is not the rules, they deserve punishment. It is that. They must pay fine. Because, non smokers' rights of living in the clean environment. Therefore, we should be rights of non smokers. Thus, all of the country restaurants should have the smoking section. Smoking section is certainly having the restaurants. Therefore, I don't agree on this topic.


Smoking must be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It's not should be banned, it must be completely banned. As you know, there are so many smokers live in our world. And also there are few non smokers live here. But you see, there is no place for non smokers. Smokers always smoke almost everywhere, they smoke in bus stop, terminal, toilet, school. . . It's difficult to find non smoking place. Why always minority has to endure by majority? It's not fair. You know, we always heard about that secondhand smoke is not good. But if smokers smoke inside, it's worse than smoke outside. Especially, in restaurant? Uh oh, never. There are pregnant women in restaurant. It's the worst thing to fetus. I know, I maybe a little extremist but it am about ethic problem. Well, maybe it's just the matter about one cigarette, however; more think about it. What about if your child is deformity, and you are not a smoker and your spouse also, and it's not your fault? Who could recompense this matter? No one. Your fault is just eaten with your spouse or alone in the restaurant which is allowed smoking. So, what do you think? I think that's why I insist smoking must be completely banned at all restaurants.


These days, a lot of people are smoking on the street. Even the teenagers are smoking, too. In some stores to increase sales of tobacco to anyone younger than teenagers are selling is. Smoking is harmful to adults. But as well as harmful to the growth came early and easy to geriatric to teenagers. Then, what are the ingredients in cigarettes cause disease at? Tobacco had carbon monoxide, tar, nicotine, etc. We are contains many harmful substances. Among these, carbon monoxide, tar and nicotine cigarettes are three kinds of ingredients. Tar is especially bad. Carbon monoxide has been known by the smell of coal. These substances are in tobacco makes disorders, cancer, aging. I am opposed to smoking in restaurants. Tobacco is not very good. There is not smoke in restaurants. There are too many reasons. First, there are many Non smokers. They do not smoke. If you smoke beside them, they will feel bad. Second, restaurants are come in children and pregnant women. If you are smoking there, Babies and young children is too much bad influence. Tobacco contains an ingredient that is not good for you. Tobacco is bad influences to me. So I am opposed to smoking in restaurants


Millions of people in this world are the great smokers. It is true that everyone have rights to do anything what they want to do, but in the condition that "the things" mustn't disturb other's rights. That's why people should not smoke in the public area where there has a lot of people. Restaurant for example, there is no way for the smoke to pass through from inside out. And of cause, smoking creates a lot of pollution. The smoke as a pollutant is extremely hazardous to human body. It makes we breath harder also effected to our eyes too. People who breath the in smoking area oftenly have a higher risk to get the lung cancer, because the chemical compounds in cigarette are poisonous. Do we want our children live in the higher risk to the bad illness? The risk that they may loose their parents before the right time? Now it's the appropriate time to start the new era. Smoking should be completely banned in all over public area such as restaurant, garden , school or even in the office. It's time for revolution!


Do you like cigarette smoking? Are you happy when you eat a dinner with smoke smell? Almost people (both smoker and non smoker) have an experience that they got angry at a restaurant and a bar due to smokes. At a recent, at many public spaces (such as government and public offices, high rise buildings, markets), smoking zones are separated from common places. Unfortunately, many restaurants and bars allow smoking behavior at indoor yet. However, I think smoking should be banned in all restaurants and bars because it might disturb others meal time and it can threat the people who are in those places. Smoking is behavior that gives other people trouble. Almost non smokers hate the cigarette smoke, so they cannot enjoy their meals because of that smell. Restaurants and bars are not a personal space, but a public space. From my experience, I once went to a restaurant. Someone who sits down beside me started smoking. I could not eat well due to that smoke. I think such a behavior is very rude to the others. If smoker has a right to smoke, then non smoker also has a right not to suck it. Moreover, it can be very harmful to a pregnant women or an old person who eat a meal or drink alcoholic drinks in that places. Another reason is dangerousness of a fire. Restaurants or bars are the isolated places from outdoor. It means if fire accidents occur in that places, many people might die. Because fire can be occurred easily by a cigarette butt, especially in a bar.


When I go to the restaurant, I often see some people who smoke during the meal. Although the restaurant is designated as non  smoking area, Some impolite people smoke and damage to other people. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurant in the country. Restaurant is a public place. We should be good mannered in public area. It is impolite to smoke in the public area. We go to the restaurant not to breathe the smell of cigarette but to have delicious meal. when I smell cigarette during meals, I feel very bad because I could not taste the food. The smell of smoke have a bad effect on the taste of the food. Moreover, we experiece indirect smoke in the restaurant. Indirect smoke can be as harmful as smoke. Recently, some restaurants are divided into smoking and non smoking area and others are not allowed to smoke. But some people smoke in the non  smoking area or we often smell the ciagarette from the smoking area. segregation of smoking and non smoking area is not effective. In this reason, we need intensive control. So I think that smoking in the restaurant should be completely banned for the healthy meals. .


There are a lot of smoke free areas at restaurants, cafes, movie theatre, and pubs in many countries. Some countries hold that smoking in public places should be forbidden by law for people's health, while others insist that people have the rights to smoke even in public places in terms of freedom, economic effects, and overestimated data. However, smoking should be banned in public places all over the world since passive smoking could cause serious health problems and the policy prohibiting smoking in public places could help smokers reduce or quit smoking, enhance performance in workplaces and be helpful in terms of economic effects and the people's rights. Second hand smoke in public places could harm people's health. It could have been associated with a lot of diseases such as bronchitis, asthma, lung cancer and heart disease. Especially, passive smoking is dangerous for pregnant women, fetuses and children. According to an article, second hand smoke can reduce the chances of getting pregnant and increase the risk of pregnancy complications. In addition, second hand smoke can cause miscarriage. All in all, although some countries allow smokers to smoke in public places in terms of freedom, economic effects, and overestimated data, smoking should be prohibited in public places all over the world. That is because second hand smoke could cause a lot of dangerous diseases, and the no smoking policy in public places could give smokers a motivation to reduce or quit smoking, increase performance in workplaces, and be efficient in terms of the people's rights and economic effects. These merits make more countries try to forbid smoking in public places.


It is an issue that smoking should be completely banned or allowed at all the restaurants in the country. Some people think that it takes away smoker's freedom to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country, but I disagree with the point of view. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are tree reasons. Firstly, it makes the place unsanitary to smoking at the restaurants. It smoking at the restaurants is allowed, it will be dirty on the table or floor because cigarette butt or ash drops here and there. Then, we should have dinner in dirty condition. Secondly, smoking at the restaurants brings on danger. For example, if smoker does not put out a cigarette, a fire can take place at the restaurants. In addition, if children touch the light of a cigarette, they can get burnt in the hand. Also, despite dropping cigarette ash on the dishes, people can eat the food by mistake. As a result, people may have a stomachache or catch a disease. Thirdly, smoking at the restaurant makes other uneasy. If smoking is allow at the restaurants, the space will be full of smoke and it can make eyes and throat sore. Smoke will bother people who want to enjoy and relax their time at the restaurants and people visiting with family will also feel unpleasant due to smoke. For these reasons, I think smoking should be forbid at all the restaurants in the country.


Smoking is very dangerous for our health. There are only disadvantages of smoking I can find. I can't find any single advantage of smoking. Well, smokers will tell us lots of benefits of smoking. Some of them are smoking makes you relax, smoking reduces stress etc. . . In the whole world, there are lots of smoking people. They tend to smoke whenever they want, wherever they can. This pattern of behavior appears even in a restaurant. Regardless of what the reason maybe, restaurant is the place where many people enjoy food and talk with their important person. Such place especially a restaurant; smoking should be banned at all in the country. There are lots of non smokers as the number of smokers. Smokers have right to smoke whenever they want, but non smokers have right to get clean air. In addition to this point, a restaurant is sensitive place since there is food area. If the nicotine which is contained in cigarettes infiltrates food, non smokers are exposed to bad effects of smoking such as carbon dioxide or other chemicals. Consequently, non smokers are indirect damaged from smoker's interoperated smoking. So for minimizing these losses, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


There are still remained restaurants which permit smoke in the hall area, but most restaurants are changing. It is not only because of legal issue. As all of us already know, nobody wants to smell it even though they are smokers. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. We can think about the health at first. Smoking affects not only the smoker but also the people around the smoker, so it is not smoker's own problem. People have their rights to say no in this situation. However, if it is happened in certain restaurant, it can be more seriously. Smelling the smog is not so pleasant for non smokers or even smokers sometimes. It is very disgusting and can never be welcomed at all. Smokers should know this and they should care others when they smoke. Therefore, it is necessary to make a law to control this problem. Every people should keep their health even though it's indirect one. When smokers smoke, they should care others too. Even if banning smoking in the public area is trend these days, it sometimes happens. We should make the law to keep everyone's health from the damage of smoking. Because of these reasons, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country at least.


According to statistical materials, the rate of people smoking tobacco is becoming increase more and more rapidly. Nowadays, we can easily find some signs of non smoking area or stopping smoke in this area in many places such as school, company, restaurant and so on. Smoking is harmful to everyone. I strongly agree on this topic, that is, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, the restaurants are the places where people can eat some meal. Someone make people feel unhappy as smoking in the restaurants. Since the smell of smoking is not a good, people cannot breathe well in there. Second, the tobacco is a harmful thing to our health. It is not good to anyone who smoking or not. The bad thing must be banned by law or anything. Third, there are smoking areas in the side of the restaurants with changing social perception only for smokers. This is a good way to avoid harm to non smokers. In conclusion, I think that smokers are banned in the restaurants in the way smoking area. The smoking is not a good thing, so stopping is good for everyone. In looking at above three reasons, I strongly agree on this topic.


I am convinced that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons why I feel this way. First reason for my argument is that second smoking is very harmful to children and the elder. Second reason is that smoking at the restaurants can give displeasure to nonsmokers. First, second smoking is harmful to children and the elder. Of course, smoking is harmful to every person, but children and the elder can get serious health problem. They are weaker than normal adults, so they should be protected from smoking. Specifically, at the restaurant, , even if children respire smoking smoke, moving table is difficulty when they have lunch of dinner, so they cannot avoid second smoking. Therefore, at the restaurant, smoking should be banned for health of children and the elder. Moreover, smoking at the restaurant can give displeasure to nonsmokers. Specifically, smell of smoke is too strong, so this smell can spoil cuisine. Every cuisine has special own smell and taste, so many people eat out for enjoying food's features. However, if someone who sits next seat smokes, this strong smoke pretend others from enjoying cuisine because of mixing smoke and food smell. This rude behavior can degrade other's eating pleasure. For above reasons, I strongly claim that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Recently, government have punished smoker, and have expanded prohibition area of smoking. It is the result of changing awareness that government should protect the right of smoker because the government sells the cigarette to them. However, this concept has changed by expanding awareness that indirect smoking is very dangerous both smoker and non smoker because the smoking threaten the health of people by causing cancer or bad disease in direct or indirect way. In this situation, some smokers complain about the area of forbidding smoking because there is no area to allow smoking, so they insist that smoking is allowed at least in restaurants. However, I strongly oppose their opinion. The restaurant is public space, not smoker's space. If the government allows to smoker in restaurant, many heavy smokers will be smoking at there, so non smoker will pervade their right of health because indirect smoke is also dangerous. Like the smoker want to smoke in restaurant, non smoker want to not smell smoke of cigarette. Therefore, I agree on the prohibition area of smoking in order to protect non smoker right.


It has been a controversy on smoking in a public place for a long time between smokers and non smokers. In Korea, smoking is now banned at most public places, such as inside of a building or a restaurant. However, there are still a lot of places, especially, restaurants, have a smoking area for their customers. Smokers say that they have a right on smoking and it should be respected. Yet, I strongly claim that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Korea for several reasons. First, smoking at a restaurant causes the victims by secondhand smoking. While some restaurants have a smoking area separated from non smoking area, most restaurants have it, but not separated. Consequently, it causes of making the secondhand smoking environment and exert a bad influence upon the health of non smokers. Restaurant is one of typical public places opens for everyone includes children. To them, secondhand smoking is fatal on their health. If smoker claim for the right of smoking to be respected, the right of non smokers to breathe fresh air should be guarantee as well. Second, it causes children to have a wrong perception of smoking and be a potential smoker. Childhood is the time to learn anything very fast and get used to what they see. If they are exposed on adults smoking, they would be easily getting used to it. Moreover, they might get a wrong perception think that smoking is cool, so try to smoke in the end. Once children get used to it and fixed on their mind, it is hard to change it. This is why smoker should not insist their right on smoking at a public place. In conclusion, smoking should be banned at the all restaurants in our country because of its bad influence on the health of non smokers and on children mentally. Smokers do not deserve to threaten the right of non smokers.


Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in this country for the following three reasons. First, restaurants are places where people eat food, and the disgusting smells of cigarettes hinder the proper taste and smell of the food served at the restaurants. The smell does not even disappear quickly no matter how much ventilation is provided. Second, secondhand smoking is very harmful to everyone's health. No one has the right to harm other people's health. Smoking in public places is an extremely selfish act, and it should rightfully banned by the law. It is ironic that even those who smoke do not want to smell the smoke from other people. Recent studies say that people who die from secondhand smoking reaches up to about 60 million people throughout the world. Third, restaurants are places for families. A lot of children come to these places to enjoy their meals. Smoking in restaurants not only harms these children, but it also gives negative effect for their education. Children, who see people violating other people's rights from their childhood, have higher chances to do exactly the same thing when they grow up. Restaurants can be places where even the families with infants can come.


I cannot agree more that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country for two major reasons. For the first, smokers do not have any right to disturb non smoking people while having a meal. Once people smoke in a space, the smell prevails in the space for a long time no matter how much effort is made to remove it. The smell and smoke can reduce other people's appetite and make them feel bad while eating. It is proved that eating something in a bad mood can cause health problems. Even though smoking and non smoking areas are separated, there is likely to be the smell of cigarette since it leaks while the door is being opened or closed. Secondly, smoking not only pollutes the air in the restaurant, but also can make the place unhygienic. Food and ingredients can absorb the smell and smoke, which is definitely not good for both taste and hygiene. Besides, ash is generated while smoking and often moves in the air. As the ash is not easy to see since it is small particles, people might not recognize the ash falls on their food. Consequently, they may come to eat the ash with the food. How horrible! Therefore, smoking should be prohibited at all cost in every restaurant.


For food, not only taste and decoration of food, but also smell of it are very important. When people smoke at restaurants, people cannot smell the food because the smell of cigarettes ruins the smell of food. It makes people lose their appetite and they will not be able to enjoy the food and atmosphere. Moreover, when the other customers come into restaurants which are filled with smoke and cigarette smell, not the smell of food, they will feel uncomfortable. Smoking at restaurants is unhealthy for non smokers who smell the cigarettes. According to some scientific researches, second hand smoke can cause diseases. There are not only smokers but also non smokers at restaurants. Since restaurants are public places, people should not harm anyone under the pretext of freedom. Some people claim that smoking in restaurants doesn't have to be banned and suggest making smokers' area. However, this idea would not make waiters and waitresses free from second hand cigarettes since they still have to serve food to customers in smoking area. All in all, smoking should be banned in all restaurants for the pleasure of dinning and for all people's health including smokers.


Smoking at not only restaurants but all the public places should be banned by law. It is very harmful to smoker him or herself but it is much more harmful to people around the smoker. While and after people smokes they makes terrible odor, making people feel disgusted. Particularly in restaurants people rest while having their meal. More than just eating, people do many things at restaurants. They talk with each other, date, relax, enjoy foods that they can't have at home, and relieve stress. If people just want to fill their stomach at restaurants, they don't have to go there and just eat at home. Also, people share a space called restaurant together. It is not a separated place like hotel rooms. At this shared place, people should be polite and not deprive others' right to spend their time in comfort at the place. People who don't smoke usually don't like the smell of smokers and hate it when somebody smokes around them and let them breathe in noxious cigarette smoke. If it happens at restaurant, where they spend money to eat and rest, it is definitely invading other peoples' right. Therefore, smoking at the restaurants should be outlawed.


In the past decade, many developed countries have recognized the harmful effects of smoking and made legal regulations about smoking. For instance, the U. S. forbids anyone to smoke indoors, while Japanese law bans smoking on the streets. Korea has made some changes as well, forbidding smoking in public places such as school and bus stop. However, there are no regulations for restaurants yet, which causes many discomforts for non smokers. Korean culture has been especially generous for smokers. One can smoke in many restaurants, especially the ones with grilling facilities. Smoking is also allowed in many coffee shops with smoking zone, in most karaoke, and in almost every bar. However, now that the harms tobacco can cause are known in public, non smokers need to hold up their basic human right to be healthy. It would be the best to ban smoking at all restaurants, but considering smokers' own rights and interests of the tobacco products corporation, this could take forever. Instead, non smokers need to take a slower, but steadier route. The difficulty of separating smoking zone from the regular dining place is not so much of a work. All a restaurant needs to do is to either make a enclosed smoking area in the shop or to limit the smoking zone only to the outside terrace. The government can take a part, too. The government can increase the tax rate for tobacco products, which will reduce the number of smokers eventually. The small steps will lead to a complete ban of smoking not only at restaurants, but also at any other indoor places.


Should smoking be banned at all the restaurants? These day, many public place ban the smoking. This policy may be good for the nonsmoker. But in case of smoker, it may be inconvenient and unfair situation. However, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And there are two reasons for that. Smoking is harmful for nonsmokers too. So nonsmokers can be damaged their health although they do not smoke. It is very serious problem for nonsmoker. And if smoker smoke near at nonsmoker and then nonsmoker feel one's heartbeat faster or have cough suddenly, it is responsible for the smoker that. And many nonsmokers don't like the smell of the cigarette. So especially at restaurant, the smell of the cigarette can make people's appetite diminished. And it is bad manner of the public place. Therefore smokers should consider the nonsmoker at the public station like the restaurants. Smoking can make nonsmoker unpleasant and harm the nonsomker's health. So although smoker feels some inconvenience for the policy, they should avoid smoking at all the restaurants.


Have you ever smoked? If you say No, you cannot stand the smell of smoke. I am non smoker, so I agree the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, smoking in the restaurants is not good for other people's health because of second hand smoking. Even outside of building, smoking occurs second hand smoking. In the restaurant, it is really small place. If smoker smokes in the restaurant, the damage can be much bigger. For non smoker's health, smoking at all the restaurants in the country should be banned. Next, smoking in the restaurants can have a bad effect on the foods. Especially the smell of smoke reduces the taste of other people's food. And also smell of smoke makes people lose their appetite. As a result, the restaurants can get damage by smoker. So we need to ban smoking in the restaurants for enjoying the taste of food. In conclusion, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because of preventing the second hand smoking and stopping the bad effects to food. I want to enjoy the meal in a pleasant surrounding at all restaurants in the country.


These days, as the zeal for children's education is getting higher, the interest in where to raise their children is increasing, too. However, I strongly believe that it is better for children to grow up in a big city. The city will benefit children with building their goals through diverse experiences and generous attitude toward others by friends from various backgrounds. First of all, children can set more specified dream through plenty of experiences. For example, there are a lot of exhibitions or cultural events held in the city. Due to the excellent transformation system which the city boasts of, they can go to those facilities without any burden. The easier approach to them will help the city's children broaden their knowledge and consequently, children can find their real interests earlier and easier. This is not just good for the children themselves. This also brings positive effect on the country. After the children in the city grow up, they can be socially important person. Second, due to the feature of the city, children can meet friends from diverse backgrounds which can lead the children to develop the flexibility in their social relationships. Originally, cities are made of people from all around the country. There are diverse kinds of person who has different life values and thinking styles. Growing up with them will naturally make the children more generous to the people who have different value and a broad minded person. In conclusion, I highly believe that a big city is better for children to be raised. Not only is it good for the educational aspect, but also it is beneficial for the personal aspect. Therefore, these are the most convincing reasons for my belief.


A cigarette is regarded as a favorite food so smoking that is enjoying the favorite food is not illegal behavior. However, there have been many countries which ban smoking in public places. I' also think smoking in public places should be banned especially in the restaurants. I want to talk about the reasons in two aspects. First reason is that not being exposed to smoking is definitely one's right like the right to smoke for the smokers. If we have to make order on what should be preceded by among the two rights, I think it is the first not to be exposed to smoke. Therefore, people can enjoy their meal without smelling cigarette smoke in restaurants as well as other public places. Second reason is that smokers should not make harm on other people to enjoy their favorite food. There are other more important things such as others' health and feeling than smoking. So smoker should keep enough distance from non smokers when smoking. I don't mean everyone should stop smoking in every place. What I mean is non smokers' right should be first, not the smokers'. To keep non smokers' right and health, I think there should be restrictions on smoking in some public places.


I totally agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Maybe it would sound unfair and hard of people who smoke. Personally, as a nonsmoker, I strongly believe that smoking should be prohibited at restaurants. The main reasons are as follow. First, I consider that second hand smoking is worse than direct smoking. If someone that is a nonsmoker, they have the right to be healthy. However, by the second hand smoking, this nonsmoker can be seriously affected. Considering the nonsmoker's health, smoking shouldn't be allowed in public places. Another reason is the smoke and the smell. It is really bothering smelling cigarette and being affected by the smoke especially when you are eating. The restaurants are places where food is served and the environment should be thoroughly considered. Finally, smoking should be banned at restaurants because it is a place where everybody can come and go. Smoking is especially bad for kids and pregnant women. We cannot restrict kids and pregnant from coming to restaurants, so it would be good for smokers to stop smoking at the restaurants. The health is the most precious thing we should care about. Smoking doesn't affect only the smoker but also people around.


Smoking is very harmful to not only smoker but also non smoker, because when smoker smoke himself or herself, it can affect around them. I have heard of passive smoking is more harmful than smoker. I think it is very rude action and It should be banned everywhere. I really want to enjoy having a meal in the restaurant, but always someone smoke there even in the no smoking area. I have heard that smoker don't like passive smoking. If they don't like it, they should be well mannered to the others. I think smoking should be completely banned at the street. While I walk in the street, I have got unexpected passive smoking. It makes me feel really bad, and get angry. Whenever I meet a person who is smoking in the street, I want to tell them stop smoking while you are walking in the street. Making a section in which smoker can smoke is the best way to prevent this case. All the building make the smoking area, each street make smoking area will make very clean street and happy street for smoker and non smoker both. It will help also non smoker's health not to get unexpected passive smoking.


Being On a Different Footing! A few years ago, I saw an article about banning smoking at all the restaurants. Some people agreed with the opinion, but others didn't. This argument could be a controversial issue. It was really interesting to me. In my opinion, banning smoking at all the restaurants is really helpful for majors. Here are some reasons why I think like this. First at all, there are a lot of people including both smokers and nonsmokers in restaurants. Smokers may think that smoking is one of their rights for their happiness. However, it could be a so selfish thought, because when nonsmokers smell tobacco smoke, the feeling is much more terrible than smokers think. Moreover, the fact that smoking is never healthy not only for smokers but also for nonsmokers. There is no one who wants to be in a bad state of health. Also, restaurant is a place to eat food. If someone smokes in the restaurant, other people in the place would lose their appetites. This issue is often dealt with in some debates. We can find the solution if try to being on a different footing. Smokers can smoke outside, but nonsmokers cannot stop breathing inside.


Should smoking be banned at all the restaurants? Anyone knows the smoking is harmful to many people. Smokers have freedom of smoking but those ranges should not affect to others. Especially in restaurant, I think that it has to be regulated in government level and should be banned. Restaurant is the place that provide the meal to people and they have a comfort time. Smoking injures these people's free time. They have to do not damage to others at least. Also, smoking in restaurant injures people's healthy. The place of eating food should not be the place of eating ashes! Making a smoking room apart from eating place is also excellent method. Then, the satisfaction will be grown up to many people. However, they leaves still many problems. Cigarette smoke, ashes, smell and so on is that. In conclusion, smoking is still harmful to many people. Smokers can do smoke wherever they don't affects to people but in the restaurant, they need to control. I think that smoking should be banned for the many in public place, especially in restaurant.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. first of all, smoking is very bad at our body. well, second hand worse than smoking directly. because smoker snuffs smoke through filter. but others does not. by the way, smoking in the restaurants, another person is unwanted second hand smoking. also, when inhale cigarette smoke during a meal, another people can take umbrage and appetite fail. and reek of tobacco can take umbrage. and cigarette ash can drop in food. then there are children in restaurants and pregnant women. cigarette is not good for their health fatally. if smoker smokes outside sacrificially, many people's complaint can get solved. Of cause, smoker's freedom is important. but if smoker considers others, it meets with good results. smoking section can be restaurants separately. but because restaurants is open space, cigarette smoke can be blown a nonsmoking section. Therefore, later, smoking section can be a chip in porridge. so, i think that smoking shuld be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. also, this rule can help to stop smoking. if so, the rule that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country gose for the effect of killing two birds whit one stone.


Everyone wants to have a good healthy life, without getting any diseases. One way to stop from having such a miserable life is to know what is good and bad for your body, and not do what is injurious for you. Many people smoke knowing that it can damage your body pretty easily. However, those same people want to have a life with no pain. Those people do not deserve a right to think about being an existence without agony. I think that is really absurd. God gave us a mind to think for ourselves, and do what is right for us. And expecting to have a great life smoking your lungs out, is really ridiculous and silly. The most substance that is used for a cigarette is tobacco. First it is burned then is inhaled in a person's body. When it settles down and finds a place for it in the lungs, it forms a black hole which leads to lung cancer. Therefore, I really recommend people to stop smoking. You might ask, Then why do people sell cigarettes? Simple. Money. That is the answer. Instead of thinking about other people's health, they need the money. However, from the very beginning of your life, safety and health was the most important thing, and is. Let's say some people don't really care about their own health, so they think its ok. However, smoking also harms the people around you. When you inhale the smoke, you don't keep it in there. You exhale it back out. Therefore, that smoke can affect other people's lungs too. Smoking is the most popular drug use. It is also considered to be addictive. We all don't want to lose our lives like this. It is the best gift you can get. So let's stop doing what is harmful for our body and start caring for it more.


I agree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in this country. There are many reasons that support this point of view, but today I want to concentrate on three reasons. Firstly, smoking is harmful for non smokers. Smokers should have the right to smoke, but it's not reasonable if that right is harmful to others. Obviously, if people smoke in public places, non smokers have no choice but to become secondhand smokers. Secondly, smoking is a cause of pollution. There is a lot of research that shows that many kinds of gases that are released by smoking and are harmful for the environment, such as tar and carbon dioxide. Everyone knows that now the environment is getting worse and worse. Finally, smokers have other ways to receive nicotine. Nowadays, we have many ways to receive nicotine, such as nicotine gum and nicotine patches. Smokers can use these products instead of smoking. In conclusion, I want to say that there are no reasons left to permit smoking in public places, and I also think that maybe this is the time for people to quit smoking. Banning smoking is not just for us, but for this world and for everyone who has to live in this world after us.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, Smoking is not good at our health. Smoke that made of various toxic chemical ingredients is cause of every disease as well as not good at health. Also, Smoking is especially not good at lungs. So, It makes hard to breath during exercise of singing etc. Next, Non smoking people in restaurant become target of second hand smoking if we allow smoking in restaurant. I heard that second hand smoking is more harmful than first hand smoking. Maybe, There is weak person such as children, pregnant women and the elderly in restaurant. And these weak people never want to have second hand smoking because I think it is very harmful experience for them. These days, almost cafeterias are divided to two places that smoking place and non smoking place. I think dividing to two places is one of the good way but, It is hard to perfect effect. So, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country if we have smoking room outside of restaurants.


These days in Korea, a big issue is a policy against smoking in public places such as bus stations, public buildings, parks and every public spots. According to this policy, smokers must do not smoking general restaurants as well as all sorts of public places. Most smokers say that it is not fair. However, I definitely think that smoking at the restaurant must be prohibited in country. First, smokers should not forget that the restaurant is the public place. Especially, people of all ages and gender visit here to eat some food for their health and rest. If only one person is unpleasant by a smoker in the restaurant, the smoker's behavior is inconsistant with this space. In the second place, second handing smoking is a big health hazard in the closed place such as the restaurant. I think it is the most serious ploblem. Many reports show that second handing smoke can be harmful more than direct smoking, and smoking rooms for smokers and nonsmokers in restaurants are not effective. Finally, the restaurant is the place to eat food above all things. Most people are going to the restaurant for a meal, and they want a smoke free environment. All of the restaurants are pulic place where nonsmoker's rights should be the first consideration. For the all these reasons, I say that smoking should be prohibited completely in all restaurant in country.


