I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because restaurants are places where people eat and most of the time, restaurants are closed areas. Smoking in closed areas would cause passive smokers to inhale as much pollutants as the active smoker. This would cause many health complications to a person. There are so many adverse effects of smoking. The smoke released could also mean that the pollutant particles from the smoke could land up on the food in the restaurant. This is especially unhealthy for the person who consumes the food. It is all the more unhealthy for a person to eat in a confined area especially in restaurants. Another question which arises is that why is it that people should smoke while eating? Restaurants are meant to be a place where people eat. If there should be a place for people who want to smoke, it must be in a special room for people to smoke and not in restaurants. Smoking should never be allowed in restaurants. Restaurants are places for people to eat and not smoke. Thus, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is very unsightly for a restaurant to have people smoking in it.


I agree that smoking is banded at all restaurants in the country. A few years ago, smoking was not important all of us. But now, people's thinking is change. Comedian who is Lee Jug el, he died of illness that is the lung cancer. Until now I can't forget about that he said to the public about smoking. He was smoking for many years. Before he died, he made an authorized advertising. In an ad, he appealed to people who are smoking for many years. He said when you are smoking; you have to stop smoking, if you don't that that destroys your family and life. For example, a man is smoking at the restaurant; we think that he is polite. When he is smoking, he doesn't mind everybody in the restaurant. If he has a thinking that should take care of his family or friends, he can't smoke there. Now, people don't allow smoke in the building so we can see people who find the smoking area which is outside of building. Also, if someone smokes at the restaurant, cigarette smoke makes the people annoyed. We want to have the food in a fresh air and we don't want to die early because of cigarette smoke. So if you smoke for years, you have to stop smoking for your future, family, and friends.


Smoking has always been issues of our society. Inflation of cigarette, smoking area, secondhand smoke, and etc. All over the world it seem to be quitting smoke one of the way is increasing the cost of cigarette, in South Korea this issue has been talked a lot but not seems to be working bad, recently the cost of cigarette named Dunhill has been raised to reduce rate of the smokers, but people who smoked the Dunhill changed their kind to cheaper ones, Secondly smoking areas are not appointed well this cause people to smoke in bus stops, inside the building, and public areas in Canada it is illegal to smoke inside the building and public areas. This should be put into action in Korea. And the last one is secondhand smoking this issue is related to the smoking area issue I guess most of people know secondhand smoking is worse than smoking, secondhand smoking can cause cancer, skin disease. A person I knew from my youth she was healthy but she died from lung cancer from secondhand smoking her husband was a chain smoker. Me myself too I do not smoke in public areas because I know secondhand smoke is bad and I do not like the way the people see me. Smoking has always been issues of our society.


No smoking" This is a sign that we can see everywhere. Ironically, we can also see many people to smoke easily. Definitely, smoking is the issue in our country and the world. These days many countries ban smoking in the official place and other places. In Korea, we also ban smoking on many places but I think smokers don't care about this rule. I really don't like smoking smell so; if someone smokes in the street my face is going to be frown. I insist that we should make some rules like smokers have to smoke in restricted areas. It is a very great idea I think. Many non smokers are bothered because of smoking. It is very harmful to people's health and life's habitation. Cigarette is very toxic material so people can't quit easily. I think that cigarette companies should increase cigarette's price then, many people can quit their smoking habit more easily. It is a good idea that advertisers make many ads about no smoking. I hope many smokers can quit their smoking habit to other people are going to be safe everywhere and every time. I don't know well how hard smokers quit the smoking because I'm not a smoker. Although it is very hard to quit the smoking, you should quit as soon as possible to your health. Maybe you can ask doctor to quit your smoking habit if you really want to quit your smoking habit.


I agree with the question. According to the news in the korean TV, from 2013 smokers can not smoke in the public area from 2013. I have four reasons about the question. First of all, if smokers smoke in the restaurant, they influence other customers. Guess other customers in the restaurant eat some food and smokers are smoking next to table, visitors really do not like smells and disgusting. I think it is not good smoking in the public area. second of all, smoking is not good at heath. According to the newspaper I saw, smoking is damaged smokers lung and they can not live long than non smokers. Smoking take a toll to the lung and prompt cancer of the lungs and lots of disease. Third, if smokers are smoking in restaurant, other non smokers are damaged from smokers. I mean second hand smoking. I read some result of the second hand smoking. It said that non smokers is damaged if they smell tobacco. What was worse it too day as smoker. I was surprised about that result. Last reason do not smoke in the restaurant is I think the first important thing in the restaurant is clean. If smokers are smoking in the restaurant, lots of place in the store are duty than banned smoking restaurant. Because smoking makes the place duty. Finally I think smoking must injunct in the restaurant.


Smoking. Causing a lot of problems presently to students and adults. I bet our country is one of the places where people smoke the most. Honestly, I don't care whether they smoke or not. But students smoking? That's totally wrong. They're destroying their bodies completely before they even fully become an adult. They probably smoke because they think it makes them look cool. But yes, that is true. It does make certain someone who's smoking look cool. But does looking cool to other people are more worth than their own health? Lots of people regret when they get cancer or they make a hole through their neck. Before then, they can never realize how serious this is. Since smoking started to look cool, it's giving a really bad influence to little kids. The kindergarten children. I mean I saw them smoking not outside but on internet. Spitting saliva out of their mouth. That's not what kids should do. If the government wanted people to make them stop smoking, why didn't they raise the price of the cigarette up to hundred dollars? Who would dare to buy that? That would really help stop smoking. But then again cigarettes bring a lot of profit to our land. It cigarettes become illegal to sell, out country will get a big damage in the financial fees. I guess we can't make those people who smoke stop smoking. I just wish it doesn't get worse than this.


I think it should be banned in public places like restaurants because it causes more than 1000 deaths of lung cancers. Second hand smoke affects pregnant women, children and elderly people more. Smoking is also setting bad examples from teens and young adults. Also, scientists agree that smoking is dangerous. Tobacco smoke can cause cancer, strokes and heart disease. Smoking does not just harm the smoker. It also harms people nearby, who breathe in the smoke called passive smoking. Smokers choose to smoke, but people nearby do not choose to smoke passively. People should only be exposed to harm if they understand the risks and choose to accept them. A complete ban on smoking in public is needed to protect people from passive smoking. Society accepts that adults can decide to harm themselves to some extent, so long as they do not harm others. This is why the proposition is not arguing that people should be banned from smoking in private. Passive smokers do choose to breathe in other people's smoke. If they do not want to smoke passively, they do not need to go to places where smoking is allowed. There is therefore no reason to ban smoking in public.


You are right. I agree with the topic. Smoking is terrible, awful and very bad. Smoking must to be banned at not only restaurant also any public places! But I think smoking has been banned at a restaurant already. Hasn't it? Imagine you eat at a restaurant and someone smokes next to you. I wouldn't eat anything if I were you. You lose both money and health if you smoke. Eventually you pay for disease. What a silly! I work out. So I've never smoked and I don't even drink. But my father has smoked for over 20 years. I worry about his health. Smoking ruins also family. Parents need to stop smoking for the children. Last week I saw something about smoking on a newspaper. The government said that now it's illegal to smoke on a road or a square. I love that. I am done talking about smoking. What else can I say is smoking is worse for other people than the smoker! In addition Smoking makes people stink. Who would want to hang out with smelly person? Right? Ok I need more thirty words. I hate to tell someone stop smoking. So smokers need to stop smoking. Let's quick smoking!


At my childhood, my father always smokes near me. I thanked that smoke was not bad thing. But, at middle school, I saw video that smoking is so bad about people' body and near people. I realized that smoking is so bad thing. I am not smoking but I sure that my body is so bad. Because of my father, I experienced second smoking. I don't care smoking people. But, smoking people must not smoke near not smoking people. When I wait bus at bus stop, I smelled smoking due to smoking people. It is so bad that smoking near not smoking people. Sometimes, I went to restaurants, cafes and campus. I think that smoking is unpleasant thing. Government must make not smoking parts and smoking penalty system. When I will adult, I will ban smoking to my children. Because it is so bad to mom with baby. Smoking is also banned in playground and kindergarten. It gives benefits which are body healthy. I saw television that a famous comedian was so dead because of smoking. I was so scared when I saw his death. I go to computer fee room, I always feel smoking smell. Smoking is removed forever.


Nobody agree with smoking is healthy. But there are some of people who don't want to quit smoking. They usually smoke everywhere; even they smoke in public place. I think they are addicted. So if it makes people feel uncomfortable, smoker should be banned from smoking in public place. As you know smoking causes so many disease, like a lung cancer, tuberculosis cancer, etc. it however, is not limits to smoker but second hand smoke do. So. Here is reason that why smoking is banned in public place. First, it causes much disease. If it is banned to smoke in public place, it could reduce people who smoke' rate. As a result, many people could be healthier. It is very easy for second hand smoke to get a disease from second hand smoking. So I think it should be banned to smoke in public place. Second, if it is banned, it could make Cleaner Street. Usually people who smoke throw away on the street. Even though there are so many smoking stands, they don't use that. As if it is very natural act. But I think if it is banned, they couldn't throw away a cigarette. So it would make street clean. Third. If it is banned, it could prevent from a big fire. Sometimes the cigarette you threw away could make a big fire. Of course, there is other fire of origin. But I think if you don't smoke in public place it also could reduce a fire rate. Thus I think smoking in public place is banned by government. If it does not it could make people get disease, it could make street unclean, uncomfortable, also it could make a big fire. So I believe that it should be banned to smoke in public place.


Recently, various laws which are related to smoking have been growing concerns, because non smoking is sensational issue and second hand smoking is a big health hazard. Although non smoking sections such as toilet, public places are restricted, this kind of stuff is going to be expanded. For example internet caf辿, billiard hall, etc. Soon you familiar with word such as 'where is the smoking area?"Excuse me, will you please stop smoking?"There is a smoking section in the back"you can't smoke here. ' While the smokers strongly oppose a rule against smoking, the nonsmoker actively agree to it and are becoming happier. Who hate cigarette smoke often has experience that you change seat or heavily leave in restaurant or public place. Between now and then owing to seeped smell of cigarette on your clothes, you are subjected to a misconstruction as smoker even though you don't smoke. Not only the smoker's right is important but also the nonsmoker's right breathing in fresh air is significant. At this point of increasing concern for health, it is a natural result that smoking place is decreased and smoker's right is diminished while nonsmoker's right is increased. For the family further descendant and environment, smoking area must be expand and harmed second hand smoking have to disappear.


Some people who are smoking might hastily say that smoking is right for their happy. Because they think smoking can relieve their stress. However I am convinced that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because the restaurants is public places, which coexist smokers and nonsmokers. First of all, you can have second hand smoking, which is big health hazard. In Korea, the smokers had smoked in nearly everywhere including restaurants, shops and home where their children were growing up. For example, I remember who are died by lung cancer. He is a healthy man who never has been smoke. But he works on the restaurants for long time, which have lots of smokers. So it is harmful smoking at the restaurants. Later, this smoking at the restaurants will make young people are more likely to become addicted to cigarettes. Secondly, other customers might be annoyed by the smell. The smell of smoking is felt sick. But, the smokers cannot catch it. For example, there are people who are talking at the restaurants. Some smokers clean their mouth. However the smell is not easily fade away. Few minutes later, nonsmokers can smells with their nose. So they cannot focus on talking. In this respect, if smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, it seems to be wise decision for all people. In conclusion, for the above reasons, I strongly agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Teen smoking is on the rise more and more. And teens are smoking much more than ever. Teen smoking affects everyone, not just the teens that do it. If teens don't stop smoking, they should get cancer and die. That could affect a whole entire generation. Also, secondhand smoke could be a problem too. A couple solutions to this problem are to stop the media promoting and to educate teens about smoking and how it's bad for you. The public image of smoking is making teens think it is cool to smoke. Part of making the public image of smoking better is to ban the ads on billboards, and in magazines or anything else that advertises smoking. The teens see those ads and see the people with lots of luxuries like money and friends in the ads and think that if they smoke, they will get those things. If they stop those ads, teens will not think that smoking will help their self image. Another solution would be to stop apparel that promoting smoking. The teens see people wearing those shirts, hats and things and they think that they'll be mature and respected if they start smoking. If the tobacco Companies stop the promotion of smoking on apparel, then they won't see it as something cool. Finally, the action smoking on TV and in movies make smoking look good. If the action heroes and actors stop smoking, then when kids look up to them they promoting smoking. Not as many people will do it.


Are you smoker or not? I am not smoker, because it is totally not good for everything. First, smoking is not good for your health. A smoke cause many diseases like a lung cancer, stroke, and diabetes etc. more than non smoker. Because cigarette has nicotine, tar, carbon monoxide and others. In particular nicotine is a drag, bad affects the functioning of the heart and arteries. Second, smoking affects other people who are in the same place with you as well as the smoker. That is so disturbed to non smokers. Especially, the smokers who smoking on the street blow cigarette smoke in non smokers' face. I think that is one of the selfish and rude behaviors. Third, smoking is not good for your instinct of preservation of the species. Every creature form has an instinct to preserve its own kind. If you are smoker, it will be hard work and have a bad affect on your descendant. I mean your children who will be born. For these reasons, smoking is not good for your whole life. Sometimes, you want to smoke at once when you have a problem or follow your smoker friend, but please remember that do not addict to smoking. As I said, smoking produces all evil and no good.


I partly agree with the idea of banning smoking. Smoking is very harmful for not only smokers but also non smokers. We can easily see people smoking on the streets. Why do you think they smoke on the streets? I think it's because there aren't enough smoking areas. Even though public places such as big buildings, restaurants, theatres, amusement parks have their own smoking rooms, it's still not enough. Government has been trying to ban smoking, but it's practically impossible. No matter how much government raises cigarette price, smoking population is still increasing. If we really can't stop people smoking, then we should let them smoke under some conditions. First, government should make the strict rules and laws. Non smoking areas must be expanded, and smokers can only smoke in the smoking areas. Second, if smokers break the laws, they must be applied the strict punishment. However, I'm not pretty sure about banning smoking at all the restaurants. I guess if we ban smoking at all the restaurants, it'll make it worse. Smokers will go outside to the streets and try to find the place to smoke. I think we should find the best solution to protect non smokers and give a little more comfort zone to smokers.


Smoking has been an issue for a long time already. There is no question that cigarettes are only good for doing harm, but banning smoking at all the restaurants is not a good idea. Rather it's good or not, it is one of the favorite foods. Before we unconditionally ban smoking and advocate non smoker, we also need to consider the smoker's right. It would be good if there are seats for smokers only. To separate the seats into two kinds, for smoker and non smokers, can be one solution which is already happening in Korea. If you visit caf辿 or restaurants, you can easily find the seats separated. I think this is the better idea than banning smoking all the areas at restaurants. And it is also good to make a smoking area outside of the restaurants buildings so that the people can smoke and non smokers don't get harmful effect. My opinion is that we don't have the right to stop smokers so smoking should be allowed. But a guideline or a condition must be followed which is saying "Smoker should not affect non smoker. " If this condition is kept, I think it is find to leave them smoke. Their health is their responsibility.


Smoking is an expensive habit and it should be banned. Although smokers claim that it helps them to relax and release stress, the negative aspects of the habit outweigh the positive. It is a health hazard for both smokers and non smokers and it is especially harmful to unborn babies. Cigarettes are also addictive because of the nicotine they contain. Cigarette smoking causes a number of health problems that are expensive to treat. It is a major cause of respiratory diseases such as asthma, lung cancer and bronchitis. It also leads to heart disease. In spite of the money that the Government receives from taxing cigarettes, the cost of medical treatment for these diseases exceeds this income. As a consequence, non smoking taxpayers are forced to pay for the health costs of smokers. This is a very unfair situation. Another reason for banning smoking is that cigarette smoke affects the health of non smokers and unborn babies. Non smokers soften suffer from eye and nose irritations, allergies and headaches as a result of inhaling second hand smoke. There is also evidence to suggest that passive smoking may cause lung cancer. Smoking during pregnancy can hinder to growth of the fetus and may even result in death. Finally, the nicotine, which is found in cigarettes, is highly addictive. Other addictive substances such as cocaine and heroin are illegal. The fact that tobacco remains legal is an anomaly. Thus, in summary, smoking causes numerous illnesses that are expensive to treat. It disturbs non smokers and is an unhealthy addiction. Therefore, cigarettes should definitely be banned so as to make the world a better place for everyone.


Today, more and more people come to think of their health seriously, so many smokers decide to stop smoking or non smokers concern about the effect of second hand smoking in the public place. As part of the health trend, some people insist that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. However, I don't agree with this opinion for the following reasons. Firstly, we already have a solution about this problem. Many restaurants have separated the seats for smokers and non smokers. We just sit separated seats with our preference. Secondly, it can limit the freedom of smokers. Smoking habit is not crime but a bad habit for one's health, so we can't limit smoker's freewill although they don't us any harm. Lastly, it is very rigid opinion. We can do a heath campaign or any public advertisement for helping smokers to stop smoking. For these reasons, I totally disagree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. We have to find a better way that smokers and non smokers live together harmoniously.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, It reduces harmful effect of second hand smoking. If smoking is free at restaurants, it may have a bad effect on non smokers. Especially, the old and the infirm have great damage. Exposure to second hand smoke can slow children's body growth owing to causing gene modification and easily bring about getting cancer. And it is quite probable that children who are exposed to passive smoke catch the cold. Also, involuntary smoking during pregnancy can cause serious health problems to a fetus. Second, It is because if small place starts banning smoking, our country's may tend to take it for granted that people are non smoker. These days some people have a hard time resting of life because of lung cancer. They are very sorry that they start smoking. But if we carry out this rule, it can reduce smokers and prevent teen's smoking. For these reasons, I really agree about that. However, of course it may exits a restaurant owners who think that their sales fall. I'd like to tell them, "Having a long range view is better than only thinking your profits. " And I want all people to be freed of smoking at the restaurants and be healthy.


I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason for this is that the restaurant is a place where everybody eats food for health. In the restaurant, we get some nutrition needed and even we can have mental satisfaction by eating or drinking something. However, if there are some people who are smoking, they are disturbing other people who want to enjoy their meal and take nutritious things. Toxic stuff of the cigarette offends people's right for health who do not smoke at all. This seems impolite and even violent. So, smoking in the restaurant should be regulated. Moreover, it is not good for our children to see smoking in the restaurant. In general, the restaurant is a casual place where children and teenagers can go to eat easily. If they see some adults smoking in this place, they may learn that smoking is not that serious and people can smoke anywhere without regulation or difficulty. Also, children have a strong desire to mimic adults, so they can easily have a chance to smoke by seeing the smoking adults in the restaurant. Therefore, by banning smoking at all the restaurants we can avoid these problems.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country and there are some reasons. Firstly, by prohibiting smoking in public places, we can prevent second hand smoking. Scientifically, second hand smoking could be more harmful than normal smoking. Because cigarette smoke in the air is pure toxic, so non smokers can breathe 100% toxicity. It is serious violent that smokers do not recognized. Secondly, banning smoking in public spaces can decrease smokers rate in the countries. By making smokers pay the fine if they smoke in the public spaces, smoker rate might be decreased. It will be more effective than government advertisement on the cigarette package. Decreasing smoker rate is not personal health related, it is national health related matter. Government should consider banning smoking in the public spaces. Many smokers will say smoking is their right. Of course they are right but they should keep others right to breathe clean air before they insist their rights. Even though cigarette is full of taxes and it is money source of government, annually government and ministry of health wasting heaps of money on advertising stop smoking. Why do we spend al lot of money on this useless argumentation? We have already very simple and obvious answer. Stop smoking right now.


I strongly support the idea that smoking should be completely banned all the restaurants in the country. There are several reasons which support this idea. First of all, it is very disgusting for other persons in the restaurant. If there is only one person who feels annoyed by the smoking, smoking should be banned. Because smoking is actually harmful neighbor's health, it is dealt with more strictly. For example, in the Singapore, smoking is punished very hardly, because they think it has the possibilities to make other persons health badly. Secondly, smoking in the restaurants makes the atmosphere in the place very awful. The restaurant is the place where people eat the food, and for that reasons, people pay money for the restaurant. Then, is there anyone who eats the food in the dirty atmosphere? To make eating environment clean, all the things in the restaurant should be arranged well. The person who visits the restaurant has the right to expect clean eating environment. In conclusion, I think that smoking should be completely banned all the restaurants in the country, because not only it is very disgusting for people who are not smoking, but also restaurants are the place where people have to eat food in the fresh atmosphere.


Have you ever seen people who smoke in the restaurant? Most people in Korea do not like a person who smokes in the restaurants, so smoking has been banned in most of Korean restaurants. However, there are still some restaurants where people are allowed to smoke. In my opinion, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in this country. The reasons are below. First, other people in the restaurants can feel uncomfortable because of its smell. The smell of tobacco is not good to everybody who is in the restaurant, so some people can feel unpleasant. If you make other people uncomfortable, it is not a good manner. So, you have to stop smoking in the restaurant not to bother other people due to its smell. Secondly, smoking is not good for people who are in the restaurants. If there are some people in a restaurant, smoking can influence other people's health. None of them want to make their body unhealthy due to your smoking. Especially, if there are some women who get pregnant. Smoking may be serious health problems to them. For these two reasons, I think that smoking in the restaurants should be banned. If smoking is banned at all restaurants in Korea, we will be able to enjoy the dish more at the restaurants.


As most of the people know that smoking can harm people who are not smoking but just near the smoking person. They are called indirect smoker who can be affected by the real smoker. More serious fact is that when indirect smoker inhales some cigarette smoke from the real smoker who is just near to them they can be harmed by the smoke materials more than real smokers! It is very unfair to them. They can be just a victim without any kinds of mistake made by them. Therefore smoking must be banned in the all the restaurants. This is the only way that can prevent non smoker from being affected by real smoker. However all the restaurants have to have a smoking room for the poor smoker who has to go out when they feel like smoking. This room must be rounded by all perfect walls that can keep from ant harmful materials to people in out there. And there, some rules also have to be made for safe. People who are getting out of the room should clean their hands and their outer that they wore in the smoking room must be taken off. This is the fair way both for the smoker and non smoker.


I don't think it is a good idea to ban smoking in all restaurants. Well, some people might argue that all public places should ban smoking because it affects non smokers too through second hand smoking. However, I think differently. I think public places should be places where all people can enjoy their freedom. Restricting smokers to smoke would be depriving their freedom. On the other hand, some people argue that public places are for all and that by allowing smoking, it is upholding only one side of the argument. This is no doubt true, too. By allowing smoking in public places, non smokers are directly affected by the smoke. They inhale the smok, e and this can be more harmful than smoking cigarette themselves. It is understandable why some people support prohibition of smoking in public places. But, if we ban smoking, that would only be considering non smokers side too. The smokers are deprived of their freedom in public places. Therefore, it is necessary that we find a way to satisfy both sides. So, for a perfect solution, I think there needs to be a compromise. One of them could be dividing the restaurant into non smoking area and smoking area. By doing this, smokers can go to a smoking section and enjoy their freedom, while non smokers can sit in a non smoking section where they won't get affected by it. Through this way, it can uphold both sides of the argument, and it is fair enough.


The governments all around the world are imposing regulations to discourage people from smoking. Especially, there is one regulation which is controversial between smokers and nonsmokers. One of the regulations which are debatable is that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons supporting the regulation. First, restaurant is a place where people come to have a meal not smoke. Not only smokers but also nonsmokers, especially babies and children visit the restaurant. It is really bad for their health when people smoke. Second, smoking should be banned in the restaurants for its clean environment. When people smoke, the cigarette smoke pollutes the air inside and makes the restaurant murky. Customers will be reluctant to come in to the murky restaurants and want to have a delicious meal in pleasant restaurants. Last, the regulation brings a great benefit to the restaurant owners. They can save replacement costs by not replacing curtain, wallpaper, carpeted floor and furniture often. Also as the fire hazard reduces, the fire hazard insurance premium burden will be greatly reduced for restaurant owners. For these supporting reasons, the regulation should be applied to all the restaurants in the country.


Smoking is a personal habit, which must not violate the others' rights for clean air. Especially in restaurants people want to enjoy their meals in relaxed atmosphere and spend good time. While non smoking customers are having their meals, the smoking customers should think of others' right to enjoy their time and meals as more important ones than smokers' rights in this case. Because only when one does not violate the others own rights, he can claim his own right. In many coffee shops in Korea, there are many special cells for smoking people, which have tables and chairs. The coffee shops want to protect non smokers' rights to be separated from the smokers and also satisfy smoking customers at the same time. However, whenever the smoking customers enter and leave the cells, the smoke comes out of the cells and the people outside of the cells can smell the foul scent. It still limit non smokers' rights for clean air. So I hope the restaurant not to choose the same policy as the coffee shops now have. I want the restaurant have strict policy about smoking in their restaurants in order to protect non smokers' rights.


I believe smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country and there is one main reason for this which is smoking in the restaurants might affect other non smoking customers in the restaurant. Restaurant is a place where people come to enjoy their meal and as a non smoker myself one of the worst way of having food is inhaling other person's cigarette smoke with my dish. It is widely known that second  hand smoke is much dangerous for a person's health than actually smoking the cigar itself. This is one of the biggest problem and why I believe smoking should be banned in all places. Non smokers are hearting their health because of the smokers. Some people might say that banning smoking is against rights of smokers and that they have the right to smoke where ever and whenever they want. However, what about the non smoker's right? I believe smoker's right should be protected only in a circumstance where non smoker's right is not abused. If smokers can smoke by not effecting non smokers 100% then it should not be restricted. However, in a place like restaurant where space is blocked this is most likely to be impossible therefore, I believe smoking should be banned in all the restaurant throughout the country.


Today, many restaurants have smoking area inside or outside their restaurants. The situation has become better compared to the past, some people still smoke inside the restaurant not in smoking area. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, restaurants are public place. Many people use this place for eating something. Smokers make the air not fresh and people feel uncomfortable. Lots of people go to the restaurants for being relaxed as well as for eating. If smokers smoke in the restaurants, non smokers are interrupted by them. Second, there is a danger of second hand smoking. Most of restaurants are closed area. When smokers smoke, the smoke affects every other people. It makes people cough and irritated. Non smokers are suffered from smoking because of some smokers. In particular, smoking directly affects young children and the elder people. Because of this, they can be in dangerous situation. Third, it is a restaurant. Restaurants are the place where people eat something. To maintain the atmosphere clean is the most important thing in restaurants. However, if some people smoke in this place, it pollutes the air in the restaurants and makes the atmosphere dirty. Both the smoke which includes hundreds of dangerous materials and freshness cannot be existed in the same place. For these reasons, restaurants are public place, possibility of danger of second hand smoking, and for the purpose of restaurants, I agree that smoking should be prohibited in all restaurants in the country.


I strongly agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, smoking is very bad for health. Second, smoke makes me uncomfortable. First, smoking is very bad for health causing some problems such as lung cancer. As a farther of my baby, I am always concerned about my daughter's health as well as my wife. We usually go to restaurants for food and recreation. If someone smokes in the restaurant, this behavior will have a negative impact on my family's health. They have no right to pester our health state, but we have proper right to eat everywhere we want. Out eating behavior doesn't spoil others' health, but smoking does. Second, smoke makes me uncomfortable. Smoke is a kind of odor, which makes me crazy. In a restaurant, if someone were smoking, every people would vomit or throw over. It would ruin my day life and whole life. This could be disaster. In conclusion, the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is very good one. For those reasons I have written above. First, smoking is very bad for health. Second, smoke makes me uncomfortable.


Let's suppose you are in a luxurious restaurant with your beautiful girl friend. Hearing a romantic music, you are enjoying a tender beef stake. Suddenly, a man, who is sitting the next table to you, fires his cigarette and blows toward your side. If you were in this situation, what would your feeling like? Everyone might be angry to be a victim of this situation. To make matters worse, when it comes to the health problem, whoever is in this restaurant obviously get angry. It is not a new story that the indirect smoking is much more harmful for health comparing to the direct smoking. Even though most people are aware of this famous scientific fact, smoking is not banned completely at all restaurants in the country. Smokers have no rights to bring damages to the Non smokers. They have to be made recognize the fact that they are like murderer. Some people might say that we should also protect the right of smoke. However, I'd like to point out that many people are suffering from the second hand smoking and astronomical cost is taken cleaning the butts and building additional smoking sections. We cannot allow these unnecessary social costs to be expanded anymore. The policy makers should ban smoking at all restaurants in this country.


Everyone knows that smoking is harmful to our health. Even in the pack of the cigarettes, the warning is printed. Although smokers do aware of this fact, many of them do not quit smoking because it is addictive. I also hate smoking, but I disagree to the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. Rather, I think it is much better to make smokers smoke only in the smoking area. To begin, this will never stop smokers to smoke. Instead, they will find somewhere else in the restaurant such as bathroom or the entrance of the restaurant because smoking is addictive. It is true that if we ban smoking inside, it would make much better atmosphere for customers who do not like smoking because there are no smokers in their surroundings directly. But, still, customers might feel smokes, if smokers smoke in the bathroom secretly or in the entrance of the restaurant. It affects to other people because the smoke might flow into the restaurant. However, we can solve this problem by making the smoking area. Banning smoking completely would not solve the problem at all, and many owners of the restaurant may also refuse this option, worrying smoking customer would not come. But if we change the proposal as making restricted area for smokers, smoking area, it will satisfy both non smokers and smokers. By satisfying all kinds of the customers, owners will also like this idea, which is more realistic proposal to everyone. Therefore, banning smoking completely in the restaurant is unrealistic and ineffective way for the convenience of customers. Of course, it would be the best option to quit smoking to every smoker, but because this is quite impossible, it is much better to open some place to smoke which is only for the smokers.


I strongly agree that smoking should completely be banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, the restaurant is the place that family including the children have a meal. Smoking harms the health of non smoker through cigarette smoke. It is especially harmful to children. It negatively influences the health of children and developing of children's body. Second, cigarette gives unpleasant and uncomfort to non smokers. Because it is difficult to completely separate the areas of smoking and non smoking, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. Though separating the areas, cigarette smoke comes from non smoking area. Therefore the right of smokers could not be respected so much, the right of non smokers is more important than the right of smoker at all the restaurant. Some people think that the right of smokers should be respected. But respecting the right of smokers gives the non smokers including the children negative effects. So, the right of smokers should be limited at all the restaurants. These reasons are why I strongly agree that smoking should completely be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


In Canada, there is a law that smoking is banned in buildings. When I was there, I didn't feel bad because of smoking. However I realized that it is really annoying that someone next to me is smoking in the restaurant. I strongly agree with this statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. There are two reasons for my argument. Second hand smoking is really bad for health. Different from outside, inner space is closed so dirty air will be stopped in a restaurant. It will make people's health in the restaurant worse. Moreover there must be non smokers who really hate smoking smell. Smokers should respect their right. As a smoker wants to smoke, non smoker doesn't want to smell it. They can smoke out of the restaurant. Another reason is it can make a restaurant unhygienic. Ashes from smoking can be spread and ruined dishes or drinks. It can also ruin taste of other costumers because of smoking smell. Reputation of the restaurant can be affected by smoking. Overall it is bad to customers, owner and smoker themselves. In conclusion, smoking should be banned because of the reasons for health and hygienic. Smokers should know they can smoke out of a restaurant, not in the restaurant. If they realize their smoking habit is harmful for others, it will be easy to smoke not in buildings


I believe that smokers should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smokers have the right to smoke when and where they want. However the right should be limited in the range of not harming other people. Every human beings have rights to do what they want to do. However, if they all insist just their rights, there will be a lot of conflicts because some rights may be harmful to some groups of people. So the criterion for regulating the rights should be in the range of not annoying other people. For example, there are some places such as coffee shops or internet café that offer separate room for non smokers or smokers only. This policy can guarantee all people's right to smoke and right no to smell smoke. Only in this case, smokers should be able to smoke in restaurants. Smoking is not only annoying non smokers by its smell, but also it is very bad for our health. It is also proven that there is more harmful effect for people who breathe in the smoke than people who actually smoke. So smokers are kind of killing people by giving off the smoke. In conclusion, I strongly believe that smoking should be banned in restaurants for bad smell and harmful effects to our health.


While some smokers claim that they need some space to smoke at restaurants, I oppose the idea. Basically, I believe smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. To begin with, smoking can harm not only the smoker's health, but also other people's health. In particular, for example, when there is a pregnant woman, or someone who has a disease at the restaurant, smoking can be a big problem. Because they are weak and very sensitive to smoking, it can have a severe influence on them. Furthermore, restaurants are public spaces in which many people gather, so smokers should be in good manners. Even if they really want to smoke, they should remember that in the restaurant, there is always someone who can't bear smoking. Therefore, smokers have some duty not to smoke in public spaces like restaurants. Finally, there are some other spaces smokers can smoke. That is, smokers can smoke outside, not at the restaurants. Although some smokers insist that banning smoking at all restaurants is limiting their liberty, I think liberty should accompany some responsibility. In other words, as they have liberty of smoking, others also have liberty of not being disturbed by smoking. Therefore, if they really want to smoke, they should smoke outside considering the others' rights. In conclusion, it is my belief that banning smoking at all restaurants is just in that smoking can harm others' health and non smokers have the rights of not being disturbed by smoking.


I agree that smoking should be completely prohibited in all restaurant. There are two reasons why smoking ban is needed. First, Smokers should not damage non smokers' health. Since restaurants are public places, many kinds of people go there, including heavy smokers and totally non smokers. However, because most restaurants have not yet spared exclusive smoking area, so that smokers and non smokers should be in same places. In this case, non smokers are prior to smokers' right to smoke. The number of non smokers is far bigger than the number of smokers. In addition, every people are born to be non smoker, non smoking state is more natural. Therefore, since its hard to make separate spaces for smokers, people who like smoking should persevere the inconvenience. Secondly, all restaurants should be freed by smoking, because ultimately, smokers should quit smoking habits. It is well known that smoking really hurts people's health. In addition there are many researches that smoking is the worst thing people enjoys as their taste. Tobacco is famous for its notorious addictness and even it is hard to enumerate the bad aspects of smoking. Despite of all these things, if smoking is admitted in restaurants around the country, it is the action which totally ignores public health. In addition, if young people see already smokers' actions, that can lead youth to do the same thing. Inhibiting smoking in public area including restaurants will work well to decrease the country's smoking rate. To sum up, for the two reasons above, smoking ban in restaurants is very important. By free people from smoking air, public places will be better, and also it will improve public health. Therefore banning smoking in restaurants should be executed as soon as possible.


Recently, Seoul in South Korea make a law that forbidden smoking in the park. Smokers in the park or big square have to pay a charge for smoking. However, many smokers are upset with that rule of smoke and still, many restaurant do not forbid smoking indoor. Smoke in the restaurant should not be allowed because of several reasons. First, restaurants are usually indoor place and smoke indoor place pollute indoor air. This will be extremely harmful for the people who do not smoke. Smoking in the restaurant threatens non smoker's health and it is unacceptable. Non smoker's right to be health should be protected. Second, the smell of smoke make flavor of food worse. Restaurant customers smell smoke rather than delicious food. Also, smoke make restaurant dirty. Chemicals in the smoke make indoor dirty. Both of those facts will be big damage for restaurant. For the better environment of restaurant, smoke in the restaurant should be forbidden. Some people can argue that right of smokers should be protected. However, rights of other people are also important. Of course, for the smokers, facilities such as smoking room are needed for smokers. For the every people's health, include smokers', smoking in the restaurant should be forbidden.


I don't agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in my country. In public places, there is no objection to prohibit smoking inside. However, restaurants are owned by privates, and the owners have the right to choose. Some people insist that banning the restaurant smoking is related to health problems for servers who work at. For them, too, it is their choice to work at the smoking permitted places. These days, instead of making whole café non smoking area, there are partitions for smokers and nonsmokers there. It is more reasonable method to welcome both the smokers and non smokers. Those who want to ban the smoking at all restaurants may believe that doing so help whole people quit smoking in the shared areas. It makes sense, however, smokers are now under great pressure to stop smoking. They are the one who choose to smoke by themselves, who are adults. As non smokers' right of not breathing cigarette toxics is important to non smokers, it is also important to guarantee the smokers' right of smoking in'certain places', besides cold outside especially in winter time. Because both rights are important, we need a mutual negotiation. I think banning smoking at all restaurants is too extreme decision. Even though smoking is not an advisable thing, it is violating the right of smokers.


I think banning the smoking at all restaurant is very ridiculous. When people are smoking other non smokers are harmed. Because smoking causes smoke which contain bad elements. Besides it is very harmful when smoking at restaurants which are open place to all the people. In spite of this I have several reasons to against the policy(banning the smoking at all restaurants) First cigarette is item of personnel preference sold by government. So I think government has responsibility for keep the smokers rights. Government sell tobacco to get tax, so if they don't keep their rights, it's too selfish. So government should keep their rights and also they should make non smokers to get of the damage of smoking. And connection between meal and desire of smoking is second reason. Most of smokers impulse to smoke when they finish their meal. If all the restaurants ban the smoking, smokers are smoking on the street, because in korea, there is no regulation to smoke on the street. If so, they will damage pedestrian. It means another damage. So I think it's reasonable to make smoking zone in restaurants, instead of banning the smoking at restaurants. As I am smoker, I often feel that restricts for the smokers are too serious, and the rights of smokers are somewhat neglected. To release protests among smokers, managing non smoking zones properly is more important than expanding non smoking zones without deep consideration.


I know smokers often enjoy their smoking after eating, but I think they have to go out of the restaurant when they are smoking. First of all, if someone smells smoking while he or she is eating, it can be very unpleasant experience to him or her. Because people also feel the taste through the nose, if they smell smoking, their eating will be greatly interrupted. I have similar experience before, and it is extremely terrible. Secondly, smokers always have to consider non smokers. Smokers can smoke in other place, but non smoker can not avoid when smokers are smoking nearby them. Thirdly, already smoking is banned at many places, like bus stops or subway station. Restaurants are also one of the public places, so smoking can be tolerated at the restaurants. Finally, smoking can be harmful to food. Indirectly smoking is even more dangerous than directly smoking. If the food is made while somebody is smoking near the food, it can harm people who eat the food, especially when they are non smoker. That's why smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I completely agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurant in the country. Smokers would disagree for sure. They might think that not allowing them to smoke is invasion of their rights or freedom. It is true that smoking is personal matter and any one can freely smoke. However, freedom only can be justified when it doesn't invade others' freedom. It doesn't matter that people smoke their houses or their own rooms. In this case smoking doesn't make problem with others who don't want to smell smoke. However, restaurants are public space. There might be pregnant women, sick people, old people or children in there. To these people, smoke can be fatal for health. Except them, there can be other people who don't like the smell of smoking. If smokers smoke at the restaurant ignoring others, they invade others' freedom and rights. All the people at the restaurant have rights to eat happily without any other interruption. It means that not only smokers who have rights to freely smoke but also non smokers have their rights to keep themselves away and protect their health from smoking as well. Every person is free to do what they want to do, but their deeds can be justified only when all others' rights are equally respected at the same time.


Smoking has been known to be very harmful to respiratory organs, and it is pointed as the main cause of cancer. However, tens of thousands of people are smoking still, because they have been addicted already. Thus, it is important to provide a strong opportunity to quit the smoking. People are smoking to relieve their stress, but it's not the good solution because it can bring the bigger problem like lung cancer. Further, it can harm to other people who don't smoke, because when smoking people breathing out, the ingredients contained in the smoke can affect the other people. In other word, people can die for smoking. However, the problem is that it is not easy to quit the cigarette. How can we pull them up from smoking? How can we save them from smoking? We can use the strategy of punish, and one of punish can be banning smoke at all the restaurants in the country. It can decrease the chances of smoke happening, because they will pay a pretty penny when they don't follow the regulation. Helping them by banning the smoke seems too progressive, but it could be an appropriate solution to help them move out from the addiction. Moreover, we can use the fine collected from the smokers to help other poor people. In sum, I agree to make a restrict zone in our life zone.


I definitely agree with the point that smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in the restaurants could harm the non smokers, especially little children, and could distract the joy of eating. First, smoking in the restaurants can make many victims of secondhand smoking. It is well known that secondhand smoking is very harmful to everyone. Especially children who are very vulnerable can have serious influence from secondhand smoke. Many parents accompany their children to have food in the restaurants. However, if smoking is allowed, they would not really want to eat out since the harmful influence will be given to their children and family. To make healthy environment for the family and the customers, smoking should be banned in the restaurants. Second, many people are easily distracted by smoking. Restaurants are often places where the families or friends gather and have fun. However, if smoking is allowed in this kind of places, many people who hate the cigarette smoke will be distracted by the smoke they had from the smokers in the restaurants. The joy of eating food will also be distracted by breathing smoke from cigarette. Smoking in the restaurants can not only have potential fatality of secondhand smoking but also distract the joy of having good food.


Smoking in restaurants should be banned in all the places in the country. When we approach this problem legally, permitting smoking in restaurants is impossible, because smoking in public places is strongly discouraged in the country. As smoking can harm many other innocent people's health, the right of smoking, which can be interpreted as the right of one's pursuit of happiness, is inferior to the right of life of many people. Many institutions related to public health care have announced that smoking not only damage to the smokers themselves, but also to the irrelevant people's skin, lungs, and brains. When we consider that the restaurants are usually filled with so many people, smoking in the public place can be a mass destruction of health, which should be strongly banned. Also, smoking can be harmful to the environment of the restaurant, which can be very bad for the restaurants themselves. When one smoke, there are many cigarettes, ash, and smoke which should be cleared and refreshed. As a result, restaurants have to spend much more money to deal with the problems. However, as they concentrate on that kind of problems, general service quality would be lowered. For example, when one waiter cleared the smoker's seat, he would touch ashes, and other dirty materials. Hence, he has to wash his hands, which can be other customer's unwanted waiting. As a result, smoking in the restaurants should be prohibited for the people's health and service.


On the issue whether we should completely ban smoking at all the restaurant or not, I insist that there is no reason to accept this idea. Let me begin by saying that smoking is a personnel habit. All people are to be deserved when it comes to having their habit. Some people argue that smoking should be banned because of the rights of non smokers. Their main point is smokers should not smoke in the restaurant because non smokers do not like to be exposed to smoking. Then, how about rights of smokers? Should we assume that the rights of smokers as nothing? By this reason, if we can think alternatives which can preserve the rights both smokers and non smokers, we should take that way. When we take a deep consideration on this topic, we can find alternatives. For instance, we can divide the space of the restaurant into 2. If we are to separate the space into 2 by using a barrier blocking the air circulate between 2, we can make it happen. Once we finish making this space, we can call the space alternative; one of which is for non smokers, the other of which is for smokers. So far, we have seen that there is an alternative by constructing the space for both of them. Therefore, there is no reason to deny this ideal which is good for all.


I strongly agree with the idea that smoking should be banned in every restaurant. Most of all, smoking is another way of violence. There're lots of people who smokes, not caring about the others. They are not even ignorant of it. They know it. These days, not like old days in Europe, everyone knows that smoking is critically lethal to the body and second hand smoking is much worse than first hand smoking because of the filter in the cigarette. Smokers devastate, destruct their and our bodies, and they get rid of other's right to stay healthy. And the public places like restaurants, there're always lots of people gathering and the air in there is usually clearly circulated. Many of them, even children, in the restaurant will be deadly affected by the smoking. Not only with this reason, we go there not only to eat foods, but also enjoy our time. Let's think about it this way. When you are in the restaurant, eating delicious foods with your close friends, then someone in the corner started to shout and yell loudly. How would you feel when you are in this situation? Same rule can be applied to the smoking. Loud sound only interrupts your conversation in the ear, but smoking interrupts your nose and also harms your health! This is not tolerable and it should be stopped completely in restaurants in all around the country.


Recently, an issue of smoking prohibition in public area has been debated as a hot topic. In my opinion, smoking in public area especially when it is restaurant, should be prohibited because of the following two reasons. First of all, smoking is bad not only for smoker's health, but also for non smoker's health. There are many research studies that have been conducted regarding to the relationship between smoking and health problem like lung cancer or larynx linked disease. For example, nicotine or tar which is one of the most harmful ingredients included in tobacco, is well known to cause a serious cancer or disease to the non smokers who inhale those things through secondary smoking as well as the smoker himself. Non smokers have right to decide whether or not keep themselves from exposing towards the smokers. Secondly, smoking in all the restaurants should be banned because there also are many children among the people who visit the restaurants. It is pretty well known that children, unlike adults, are more likely to be affected by the secondary smoking. In case of family restaurants, problems are more serious than the normal restaurants. They should be not exposed to an unwanted smoking which can harm their health in a disastrous way. In conclusion, smoking in all public area, including restaurants should be prohibited for the other non smokers. We should not disregard the non smokers' rights to maintain their lives and surroundings as clean and fresh as possible. Banning all the smoking in all the restaurants should be executed immediately.


The prohibition of smoking is expanding from day to day, and it is bringing an uproar among smokers. While many people choose to ignore these protests, I believe it is unnecessary to ban smoking in all restaurants, for smokers deserve the right to smoke and it is better to lead them to stop smoking on their own will rather than forcefully banning them. First, smokers deserve the right to smoke as much as non smokers have the right not to inhale smoke. As citizens of democratic countries, smokers as well as non smokers should equally be granted to act as they please, as long as their conduct does not invade the interests of another individual. Then, one may argue that smoking is harmful to the health of second hand smokers. True as it seems, this argument is insufficient to support the complete banning of smoking in restaurants. Alternatively, we can always separate rooms for smokers and non smokers. When there is a way to guarantee the rights of both sides, it would be unfair to pass an act only in favor of non smokers. Second, when we want people to behave in a certain way, it is much more mature to lead them to do so voluntarily rather than compel them. A strong support for the ban would be that it also works to the benefits of smokers. However, the way they come to a stop should be that they choose to do so because free will has a significant meaning. Specifically, they should be educated to perceive the possible consequences to their health and realize the financial burden of smoking, but never forced. In short, helping smokers truly realize the advantages of quitting would naturally promote healthier views and lead to fewer smokers in public places more efficiently than simple bans. In summary, for the sake of equal rights for smokers and a mature method of helping them, the idea of banning smoking in all restaurants should be rejected.


I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. When someone is allowed in a restaurant, other non smokers' rights are hurt. Someone might claim that smoker has the same right to smoke as the nonsmoker has the right to do not smoke, but someone's right can be justified when it doesn't hurt another's right. It means that someone's right is confined until it doesn't intrude another's right. In these days, the restaurants usually divide the sections, one section for smokers and the other for nonsmokers. However, although they divide the sections, the smokes are easily escaped from the smoking area to nonsmoking area. It really bothers to the nonsmokers who don't want any smokes while eating their foods. Yesterday I went to the Seoul National University subway station to eat dinner with my boyfriend and we decided to eat chicken. We got into the restaurant and started to eat dinner, and suddenly I smelled smokes. Looking around, I found the guys next our table smoked, and then I was really annoyed from that moment. The chickens suddenly seem not delicious, and I just felt I wanted to go out there. In my opinion, there might be lots of people who experienced unhappy mood during the eating because of the smokers in the same restaurant. Therefore I would be grateful if the all the restaurant in the country completely ban the smoking.


Smoking should not be permitted at any restaurants in the country, as smoking harms both not only smokers themselves but also those who are surrounding them. Although some people say that smokers have the freedom to choose what they want to do, it is important to keep in mind that one's freedom cannot be more important than other people's rights to protect their health. To explain, studies show that second hand smoking is more dangerous than direct smoking. Even though public places have different spaces for smokers and non smokers, smoke containing such harmful chemicals as nicotine is highly likely to reach non smoker's areas as well. Undoubtedly, the smoke will be inhaled by non smokers and irritate their feelings. More importantly, compared with other public spaces, smoke plays an undesirable role especially in restaurants. This is because it ruins the food that they are eating. Additionally, a restaurant is not only for adults but also children, who are more vulnerable to smoke. This kind of situation is totally unfair and unjust, regarding the fact that non smokers paid to intake good food in a sympathetic environment. Therefore, as the saying goes, freedom without responsibility is licence, it is imperative to ban smoking at all restaurants in the country.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking attacks not only firsthand smokers but also secondhand smokers so at public places like restaurants smokers should avoid smoke. Penalty by government is the most efficient way to have smokers keep social rule. Here are some reasons for this opinion. First, smoking brings bad influence to people even though they are in the same place with firsthand smoker. Restaurants are not a personal place but a public area so many people from young baby to seniors are using. In this place, we should think of other people's health. Second, as we all know the fact that smoking has a lot of bad aspects but, it is very difficult to quit smoke by oneself. I think the public ban is the most efficient way to help them be more careful. I am not saying that all smokers must give up smoking but they should avoid public place, and putting penalty will helpful. For those reasons I strongly say that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, in the public place, smokers have duty not to influence them badly. Second, putting economic penalty is the best way to help them regard the proper place to smoke.


In our society, there are several rules people should obey. Certain situations often strongly forbid some acts, for the public good. On this matter, some might think that an individual's free will should be respected before the community's. However, I think happiness from the free will is not separated from the public good and I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country for the following main reasons. First, 'smoke' is gas. It flows through the air. Therefore, smoking can produce'the second smoker', non smokers but people who get harmful effects because of nearby smokers. It is obviously 'evil'. In addition, it can evoke more serious results than smokers simply expected. The place 'restaurant' has a specific meaning which implies something unique. In the restaurant, people open their mouth for eating and speaking. Then smoke can go into not only people's nose but also their mouth. If a person smokes in the restaurant, customers feel bad and it makes them not want to go there anymore. Then it can be 'a bullet in the gun' which triggers the failure of the restaurant business. As a result, smokers who frequently go to the restaurant cannot go there anymore. Smoking at public places is just a momentary and short sighted pleasure which makes harmful effect on society.


In today's world, it has been debated whether Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants or not. Some restaurants regulate smoking for many reasons. Other restaurants just separate smoking zone from non smoking zone. I disagree smoking should be banned at all the restaurants for 2 reasons. One of my reasons is that people have to have freedom. And it depends on country as to what they violate. People over 19 can buy cigaretts anywhere, so they have right to smoke anywhere. Of cousrse, I am non smoker. However, my father who somke cigaretts often told me that cigaretts helped him lower his stress level. Likewise, some of them feel relax when they smoke. So we don't have any right for them not to smoke. So it should be legal to smoke anywhere, of course, under the restriction that you have to be over 19. Second, there is a best way not to infringe the rights of each other. The way is that restaurants separate smoking zone from non smoking zone and give right to do something. I think it is generally agreed that an individual's rights extend so far as they do not infringe the rights of another. To summarize, smoking at restaurants should be legal to reserve right to do and people should have the right to smoke.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking in the restaurants is very harmful and indeed almost disgusting to non smokers because restaurant is a place where people eat and enjoy their meals. When inhaling smoking in the restaurant, the people's taste for food as well as their enjoying of the meal will be disgusted. Many non smokers get much harm from smokers in the streets and restaurants. The second hand smoking is more dangerous than first hand smoking, especially for women and children. If children are exposed to smoking from their early ages, there is a higher chance for them to grow to become smokers. Moreover, banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country can be the first step to lower the smoking rate in countries. It is important to make the settings as inconvenient as possible for smokers, because if there is much convenience for smokers, more people will turn out to become smokers. In addition, banning smoking in as many places as possible including all the restaurants will reduce air pollution caused by smoking. Although banning may seem like a little choice, its effect will be tremendous; thus bringing many positive effects to the lives of people as well as to the environment.


There are many debates about smoking, but a debate if smoking should be allowed in public areas is the most controversial these days. Many restaurants have adopted the idea of separating seats according to smoking, but there are still people who want smoking bannned completely in restaurants. I agree that smoking should be forbidden at all the restaurants in the name of law. First of all, it is said that secondhand smoking causes more serious health problems, . Especially, the effects towards pregnant women and young babies are disastrous. According to several statistics, the chance of suffering from lung cancer is higher if nonsmokers breathe in smoke. Who is going to compensate this person's health? Would smokers do that for non smokers? Definitely not. Legal methods are needed to decrease the dangers of secondhand smoking. The second reason is that smoke can make people lose appetitie. Even though the seats are separated in restaurants, the smell can spreadout through the air. For instance, a man ordered a steak and he is about to have that one delicious bite. Then suddenly, a person at the next table started smoking. . The smoke eventually comes to their table so the smell distracts them from eating their meal. People say smoking in places they want are smokers' rights. What about the rights of non smokers then? The best way to protect these two sides is to ban smoking in restaurants completely in the country and to build places solely for smoking.


Smoking at all the restaurants in the country should be banned. Some people insist that people have their freedom to smoke. However, I believe smoking in public places violates other people's freedom to enjoy their meals and is harmful for others' health. First of all, people cannot enjoy their meals at the restaurants when other people next to them smoke. When I went to the restaurants, there were two people who smoked in the restaurants. I felt I was smoking as the smell was very severe. Therefore, I just finished my dinner as soon as possible even though the meal was with my friend who I had not seen for a long time. Some people insist that the freedom to enjoy smoking is important. However, if their freedom hinders others' freedom, the freedom should be limited. Second, indirect smoking is more dangerous. According to a survey, when a person smokes, it is worse for the health of other people around him or her. Restaurants are places that every people can come including the elder people, the pregnant, and babies. People cannot do harm on others' health by emphasizing their freedom to smoke. Therefore, smoking should be banned in public places, including restaurants.


I agree to the claim which requires smoking to be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I feel sorry for smokers who really want to smoke at restaurants, but they should be banned by a strict law. They will argue that they have a right to smoke at their will by quoting'natural liberty', or'civil liberties', but although those rights are invaluable they cannot help the smokers in this case. Those rights can be accepted only if the person doesn't harm anyone or anything when do something but, as everyone knows, smoking really does harm not only to one's health but to other's health. Recently a research by a group of scientists proved indirect smoking is much more dangerous as it can cause some kinds of cancer, and many newspapers reported it. Thus, smoking should be banned in public places, and restaurants, particularly, are the place where people enjoy their meal and conversation so they should be under special control of smoking. In other words, smokers can't evade from the responsibility for other's health and they should know other people also have their right to eat in a clean and safe atmosphere. Smokers can live without a mealtime smoking, but others are dying if they smoke.


I think it is extreme to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. I also don't like people smoking in the restaurants but smokers have the right to smoke. If we ban smoking in the restaurants, it means smokers have little place to smoke while eating. It also means that the restaurants smokers can eat freely decrease. Some people think smokers can smoke outside the restaurant and smokers can tolerate smoking while eating but for smokers it can be a torture not to smoke. Non smokers have a right to eat in fresh environment but I think smokers have the right to smoke, too. I think if there are some places for smokers in the restaurants, it can be helpful. It is good for both non smokers and smokers. Smokers can smoke in the smoking only places and non smokers can enjoy the meal in fresh air. For example, I went to coffee bean café with my friend one day and there was a smoking place in the cafe. I could enjoy my time without smokes from cigarettes and smokers smoked in that place. I think it is good way to consider both sides  non smokers and smokers. Instead of banning smoking completely, I think by making smoking areas in the restaurants can be one solution.


These days, there are a lot of concerns about banning smoking in public areas. Of course, everyone has their own right to smoke whenever and wherever they want. However, I want to point out that smoking should be totally prohibited in all the restaurants without any exception in every country. There are two main reasons for this argument: secondhand smoking is very harmful and atmosphere is very important for those who visit restaurants for their dining. First, it is undeniable that a secondhand smoke is more harmful than smoking to smokers themselves. Since 1970s, there have been a number of researches about troubles which smoking results in. The most serious problem is that smoking cause a lot of unhealthiness even to those who do not smoke at all. Moreover, since children do not have strong immune system, this harmfulness would be more problematic to them. Also, public area where many people dine together at the same time, the trouble from smoking would be far bigger than other places. In addition, people who visit restaurant have also right to enjoy their meal in great atmosphere. There is one saying: people buy its atmosphere as well as food. I think this explains how important the mood of restaurants is. In one of the surveys, over than half people answered that they consider atmosphere most when they decide where to eat. In conclusion, banning smoking in all restaurants in all country is very reasonable in that smoking has many problems to the public and restaurants should be the places for people to enjoy their meal.


Smoking should be banned, especially in all restaurants. First, restaurant is the place where all people go for eating in an enjoyable atmosphere. For this reasons, it is important for them to be provided the satisfying place. If there is a person who doesn't like the smoke than smoking should be banned. Of course, there is one who acclaim that a smoker also has the right to smoke in the restaurant. He or she will say that if the restaurant is the place where people are happy, then smoker could be happy one who can smoke. But important thing is that most of the people who came to the restaurant are paid for enjoy clean and warm air of the restaurant. They are not pay for smoking air. Smokers should give way for them. If they really want to go to the restaurant, then the solution for them is to build the restaurant for smokers. In that area they could smoke whenever they want during their meal. They pay for their right to smoke in the restaurant. But when all the people are mixed up in the one place, and the people who don't want to smell the cigarette are many, then smoker have to avoid smoking. That is the manner.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have some reasons why I support the statement. A restaurant is a place where people have a meal. Most of customers want to enjoy the meal with the smells of foods. But the cigarette smoke may prevent it. And there may be a lot of children and seniors in a restaurant. In this situation, cigarette smoke can be irritated and uncomfortable to non smokers. And even it is harmful for children and seniors to breathe air with cigarette smoke. Smoking in a enclosed place with a lot of people such as a restaurant causes secondhand smoke. Secondhand smoke is more harmful than smoking. Cigarette smoke that smokers blow out is more dangerous than that of smokers breathing. And this phenomenon can worsen in an enclosed place such as restaurant. I think it is unfair that non smokers who don't want to damage their body and pursue pleasure ruin their health because of cigarette smoke. For these reasons, I think smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants and it should be broaden to all public places such as bus stops, parks, concert hall and so on.


When I, non smoker, am eating food in a restaurant, some smokers annoyed my meal. Smell, and smoke from smoking was difficult for non smoker to keep eating food. Many restaurants have a separate place for smokers but smell and smoke still influence on other people's eating. Also, if smokers eat food in a separate place, they are directly exposed to smoke, so it is very harmful to them. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned in restaurants. Also, smoking is not limited problem to eating. It is bad for people. However, if restaurants accept people to smoke, the reason why smokers should stop smoking is reduced. For example, In Singapore, it is banned to smoke in any street. After making this policy, the number of smokers reduced. Like Singapore, if it is banned to smoke in public places, the number of smokers will be reduced. Therefore, to ban smoking in restaurants have effects on reducing smokers. Especially, restaurants are important place to be cleaned. A little amount of dust or ash should not be discovered in any restaurant. However, if restaurants accept smoking there, the ash will spread in the place, so this is bad for hygiene of a restaurant.


When a person smokes in public places, smoking affects people around the smoker as well as the smoker. Even in restaurants, where people have their meals, it's reasonable for many people to think that smoking has to be banned in the restaurants. However, it doesn't refer to that all restaurants have to stop the smoking there in the country. There are already many non smoking restaurants, and some restaurants divide smoking zones and non smoking zones. People eating there will not be affected by smoking. The number of restaurants banning smoking is also increasing, and smokers are getting difficult to find their meal places. The characteristic of smokers are different from the sights of many people. They want to smoke anytime they want, not at fixed hour. It's their freedom to smoke when they're eating, if the smoking doesn't harm anyone. Unlike restaurants, it's quite undesirable to smoke in the street. There are many campaigns which suggest non smoking bus stops in the country. Smokers are also parts of the country, but these opinions and campaigns are thought and made by many non smokers. They just maintain that smoking does harm for many people, and there are no other suggestions. If some people want to ban smoking in all restaurants around the country, they have to prepare for another opinions and alternatives. Banning smoking in not all eating places doesn't suggest that smoking is good. It is a different field. Also, smokers have to smoke at fixed areas, like smoking zones. If the smoker keeps this rule, non smokers will not suffer from the smoking. That's the only way to make both sides satisfied.


I think it shouldn't be completely banned. It should not completely but selectively banned. Above all, I am also a person who likes smoking after having some meals, finishing something, and having some coffee, but it is usually banned in most of restaurants except for pubs, or bar. It is certain that non smokers don't want to be with smokers who are smoking, and indirect smoking is more harmful than direct smoking. I understand it as well. However, smoker's rights of smoking in public area also exist. Because cigarettes are also products which tobacco company wants to sell customer, and customers want to use it anywhere despite of in public area. Additionally, governments should provide them some smoking districts in public area, because taxes of cigarettes are so high. In other words, Heavy smokers are very sincere large taxpayer. So I'll suggest a solution. We divide the restaurants into two areas such as smoking area and non smoking area. When smokers are with smokers in smoking area, they would feel comfortable if they smoke. It is the possible situation smokers don't like the smoking smell; however, they are more understandable than non smokers. If we do like that, we didn't argue about this topic again. I think it is the best solution which is considering both smoker and non smoker.


I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. However, I would like to assume that it should be banned restrictively. I agree with a basic premise in the phrase but a complete prohibition at all restaurants seems harsh for those smokers. As I said before, smoking should be limited in indoor places, because smoking invades many people's rights to be healthy. That is, smoking is bad for damaging other people. Especially in restaurants, as it is a closed place, it could directly harm the atmosphere. Moreover, it could spoil many people's appetite while they eat food. Most importantly, there are many research findings about a danger of smoking for neighbors as well as the person. Therefore, as smoking itself is not a proper thing for human, we need a certain approach to be free from an influence of smoking. On the contrary, we need to think the smoker's right as well. Of course, this consideration should be put in terms of freedom. Therefore, if they do not damage other people in restaurants, smoking would be allowed. For example, like a closed space for smokers in coffee shops, if there are such a place in restaurants, the right to smoke would be secured. However, this kind of place in restaurants seems uncommon unlike a case of coffee shops in many countries. As a result, we have to find a method to protect a right of both non smokers and smokers as far as possible.


Smoking should be banned at restaurants but there need to be an exception. I'm a non smoker and I hate the people smoking in the streets or in the public places. However, I can't argue to ban smoking at all restaurants. There are rights for both smokers and non smokers. So we need to respect both, and the resolution should be good for both parties. Therefore, every restaurant should have a separate smoking area. Until now, there are smoking and non smoking area but they're not separated that even at non smoking area, there are possibilities for people to have a second hand smoking. It means to intrude the right of non smoker so we need a separate place for them. Maybe some people would claim just to ban the smoking for the sake. However, smoking is also one of habits and one's own decision and we're living in a democratic country. Therefore, the nation has right to let them know about the danger of smoking, but doesn't have any right to limit one's freedom. We need to respect the smoker's rights, too. Also, pubs and bars are also a kind of restaurants, and if we ban the smoking in all restaurants in the country, it'll lose their culture. Many people who go to pubs and bars are trying to enjoy the drinking, smoking and the relationship among people. If we ban it, these pubs' and bars' culture would be imbalanced. We just let them be like recent days.


Some people argue that we should not completely ban smoking at all the restaurants. They say that it violates the human freedom right. However, I disagree with this argument because if human right is important, we should also respect other people's right to be healthy as well as our own right of freedom. Above all, I oppose to the idea that we should allow people to smoke anywhere including public areas because it is the same as the behavior to make other people's health worse. According to recent studies, the indirect smoking – breathing cigarette smoke – is as dangerous as the direct smoking. In other words, there are considerable possibilities that the indirect smoking causes lung cancer in the same way as that of the direct smoking. Therefore, smoking in public areas can increase the rate of cancer in a society. In contrast, some people say that banning smoking in certain places violates the freedom right. Although their arguments make sense, we should remember that it is also important to respect other people's right; that is, the right to maintain good health. If someone wants to smoke despite the dangerousness of smoking, they can choose other ways to smoke like smoking in their private areas, or the places where smoking is allowed. In other words, they do not have the right to make other people's health worse by smoking at the restaurants. In conclusion, taking into account the dangerousness of indirect smoking, it should be banned to smoke in public places like restaurants. Even though the private freedom to smoke should be also respected, the smokers can choose alternatives to smoke in their private places, not public ones. There is no doubt in that we should respect other people's right to maintain good heath before claiming our own freedom right.


I think that smoking should be completely prohibited at all restaurants in the country because smoking in a restaurant can harm other non smokers. In restaurants there is no division between smoking area and non smoking area. That is a problem. There may be someone who has to avoid cigarette smoke, but it is impossible in current situation. In addition, generally non smokers hate to be exposure to cigarette smoke, and of course it is not good for health. So current trend is to make smoking area and allow smoke only in the area. Nowadays many buildings have those areas. I have many friends who smoke, and according to my observation and their words, smokers usually do not smoke during having a meal. They smoke after having a meal. So actually there is no reason to smoke in a restaurant during a meal intentionally. They can smoke after a meal, outside of the restaurant. So I think that it will be fine that banning smoking in restaurants. I know that smoking is not illegal but just individual's choice so smokers have freedom to smoke. However, I think that smoking area and non smoking area should be distinguished for both smokers and non smokers. Most of coffee shop has divided area now. I think that at least restaurants should follow the trend if they allow to smoke in restaurant because they must consider non smokers and not to harm them.


I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have three reasons to back up my opinion. First, what is a restaurant for? It is, of course, a place where people go to eat. Because of that simple fact, it is obvious that a restaurant needs to be extra cleaner than other places. It has to be sanitary for all customers' health. However, if smokers are allowed to smoke at a restaurant, there will be smoke and ashes everywhere and it will create a horrible atmosphere to enjoy a pleasant meal. Second, smokers need to think of other people around them. They came to the restaurant to enjoy delicious food and have a good time with the people who came together. They did not come to the restaurant to inhale secondhand smoke and cough. It is a very rude and selfish act to do. Other smokers might say it is okay to smoke, but other non smokers would certainly say NO to smoking. Lastly, smoking is bad for the smokers' health. They are harming the bodies of not only other people but also themselves. They should not smoke at the restaurants. They also should not smoke at hospitals, schools, offices, and even at home. They should quit smoking for their own benefit. Anyone can see from these three reasons that smoking should be prohibited at all the restaurants in the country.


I strongly support the banning of smoking at all the restaurants in the country. When I go on the street, I saw some people who smoke. Smokers have freedom to smoke. So outside of the public room, non smokers cannot criticize them. But I dislike smoke very much. In spite of the moment of walking on the street for the short time, I feel very uncomfortable and hateful to that smoke. This is the reason why at that time I run fast stuffing my nose and mouth. In the reastant the smoke can be much more sensitive. Because smoking can interefere the clear environment of restaurant where we have a good time eating the delicious food. On top of that, the food can be polluted by the smoke chemicals. Therefore, smokers have to keep the public courtesy in the restaurant. If we have to respect the smokers in the restaurant, it is good idea to make the smoke room in there. Smoke room is only the place where smokers can be in. On the reason that they smoke one another, they can not be careful of smoke, Smoking is allowed in that space. In this way, smoke room can be solution to respect the smokers in the restaurant. Were it not for that smoke room, smokers can rigidly follow the rule that they must not smoke. The scientific research shows that indirect smoke are harmful to the health. Smokers can have a bad influence of the nonsmokers as well as themselves. They have to be careful because we are the member of the community.


First of all, it's bad for smoker as well as non smoker's health in anywhere. These days, health care is very important issue. In addition, we know that indirect smoking is even more dangerous than direct smoking from many advertising or media. For example smoking causes lung cancer. It can cause the other cancers enough. Why do people (especially non smokers) get damage because of smoking? There's no good point. Smoking and cigarette have only bad points. That is same thing to waste money. And in all the restaurants, clean is the most important thing. Cooks deal with materials for food in restaurants' kitchen. If the kitchen isn't clean for smoking when they cook some foods, foods go bad easily. Hurt foods make people get a disease. Food poisoning is a good example. Of course this disease is caused frequently by the other reasons. However smoke caused by smoking can be also the reason of that. Also, Interior (or environment) in the restaurant is damaged by misty and bad smelling smoke. Human has an effect on an atmosphere. When people enter a restaurant being misty because of smoking, they will feel uncomfortable or unpleasant. Maybe they go out at once and search other restaurant that is clean and pleasant.


Everybody knows that smoking is harmful but people who actually smoke do not realize it because they enjoy smoking which helps them to get rid of stress and just get relaxed. Some smokers think that life is given only once and they have to take all joy of it. Most of them simply become addicted unable to even imagine their life without their cigarettes. However, the problem is that by smoking a person, who does it, not only damages his or her health but also put other surrounding people's health being under threat. Here, we talk about second hand smoking. Nowadays, there are a lot of examples of people who became victims of it diagnosed with lung cancer because of incidental exposure to other people smoke. Here comes the main question: What should we do to prevent people from second hand smoking? First of all, it is crucial to make people really understand how harmful and health destroying smoking is. In doing so, smoking has to be completely banned at all public places in the country; this will protect no smokers from the big danger. Children are the first helpless target of smoking killer since they are not aware of it sometimes playing besides the smokers. Especially it is true for public places like restaurants where people dine with their family. One person smoke can destroy many other people's lives since in this kind of closed atmosphere it is inevitable to become hurt. It is time for all of us to take care of it and protect people from the second hand smoking.


Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants in all countries. Firstly it is because smoking is not only bad for smoking peoples' health but also other's. I heard that there are 15 harmful substances in tobacco and it is also bad for second hand smoking people. Secondly, it makes some people's appetite drop. I also have experiences that I couldn't enjoy my dishes because of odd smells from smoking people. And smoking in restaurants encroaches the rights for ordinary people to eat foods in clean place. Of course smoking people also have rihgts to smoke in some places but it shouldn't encroach others' rights. To be fair to the two sides of people, I think the restaurant should divide smoking and non smoking room definitely. However, in usual restaurants it isn't kept perfectly so non smoking rooms also smell disgusty. If restaurants can separate the room, they don't need to ban smoking people. But they can't, I think the definite law that smoking isn't permitted in restaurants should be made.


I agree with the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in country. This way is not respect for smoker. Smoker have a free of smoking. And we have not right to take away smoker's freedom. But the freedom need to responsibility. Smokeing is very not good our health. Smoke is very not good for health not only smoker but also non smoker. Smoking causes lung cancer and any other disease. If one smoker smoking in the restaurants, all the people in the restaurants are get a damage. Once the health is poor, then it is very hard to return to good. So smoker is not responsible at the smoking's damage. If the smoker have a lot of money, the health is don't change the money. And the smoking when you eating something is very unpleasent. So if you eating very delicious food where the smoker is smoking in restaurants, you not taste the food well. You will think just get off the smoking spot. I think the damage of non smokers is bigger then the discomfortable of the smokers. So the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Although they have discomfortable on the restaurants.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, smoking is bad for not only smoker's health but also non smoker's. Cigarette is composed of many damaging materials such as nicotine, tar and carbon monoxide. Smoke is also very harmful. It causes serious disease like lung cancer. If a man smoke in the restaurant, it can damage for many people through the air and food. It is unfair that many people including non smokers take harm because of some smokers. Next, non smokers get bad feeling by smoking. Restaurant is naturally a pleasant place where people go to eat delicious food and talk with their family, friends and lover. But this nice mood can be changed immediately by smoke. In my case I have a headache for smoke although I was in good feeling and it is very stressful. Last, smoking can cause fire. Remains after smoking are often just dropped on the floor. It is quite dangerous. Many fire accident occurred by the remains. I know recently several restaurants separate a nonsmoking section from smoking section. However I think it is not enough. It can't block whole. So I agree above statement.


