I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. While it is true that college tuition fees are high these days, there have also been scholarships and loans being offered too. I believe that this has to take into account the idea of'opportunity cost'. Take for example the case of a student who is deciding whether or not to work to support his studies or to spend more time studying to obtain a better result. The student has the option of working harder and spending more time to study to obtain scholarship for his studies. The scholarship could solve the student's financial problems in addition to getting excellent results. I believe that this is an issue of investment of time. Students who do part time job are generally tired when they attend classes. This could affect their studies indirectly. A person could choose to instead invest his or her time on studies instead while applying for a loan to support the tuition fees. Being able to pay the tuition fees by working part time and being tired or sleepy in classes is not a good option. By doing the comparison, spending more time on studies thus getting better results and obtaining a scholarship is a better one. In conclusion, the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job should be discarded as it is not a viable alternative of solving a person's financial constraint problems. It is not wise for a student to forgo his studies to support his or her school tuition fees.


I think that college students have a part time jab before graduating from university. Because they didn't have any experience about a part time job, they will be embarrassed in society. In my case when I was a fresh man, I worked Lotto Riau as a part time worker for one year. And my parents recommended me to have a part time job before going to army. I think it was good experience for me to meet various people and got little money. Even though I got living money from my parents, that was not enough to live. But since I had a part time job, I could live better than I didn't have it. There is a bad aspect. It means I couldn't concentrate on my study. After working for 6 months, I thought whether I stop working or not. My choice was keep it going. At that time, I was young. So I had many chance in future and I had to go to army. Now I don't regret it. If I turn a fresh man, I would work also. Some people think having a part time job is spent time in their life. Otherwise people who would have a part time job, they will be succeed than no having experience. If you are living in Korea, I want you to have a part time job when you are young.


Lots of problems exist in part time job. I would like to discuss low wage, behavior of superior, and no break time during work. I have done part time job in Korea the time I was working these three problems caused me lots of stress when I was at work the manager treated me bad he swore at me and shouted at me in front of people, At the work break time was not guaranteed if the manager see me moving slowly he told me to walk faster or to run, of course the wage was not so good and I didn't get paid in proper date. Behavior of manager or superior at the work in work, I heard bad news more than good news. In my case as I said. Manager used to swore at part time job workers. This problem should be fixed as soon as possible because part time job workers has personality too they do not deserve that my onion is relationship between part time job worker and superior should be improved for good. The second problem is break time is not guaranteed. Human kind requires food, sleep, etc.. To live a keep up but at the part time job work employers want worker to work until shift is done that might increase the incest but that is the good way to lose people


Part time job is a way to look for my job. We can also experience many jobs through the part time job. It is very important to experience other jobs because we don't know that what we are interested in and want to be. So I think it is very good ways. I had part time jobs several times. It was very hard experiences but it is great time for me. When I needed money I sold clothes last year. I worked on the department store. It was very hard and I really wanted quit so fast. But I needed money to travel abroad so I couldn't do that. When I was 21, I worked at theater. It was very interesting times but I stressed about money. Because I checked money and calculated money exactly the theater earned money. I also worked at buffet. The work was very hard but eating delicious food was very good. Sometimes people gave me tip so I thought it was a cool job. Few months ago, I taught middle school students. It was hard work too because middle school students were not listen my speeches. I think many jobs that I experienced are going to be good sources in my future. Someday, you can experience many part time jobs too.


I agree with the question. I have four reasons. First of all, I think it is important for university students to experience before getting a job. For example, if students who are finished university get a job and have to hardly work, they can not accuratly work. that is because they have not enough experiences. In the university, no one teaches excutive abilities. Second, lots of korean students do not know valuableness about money since lots of korean university students get a pocket money from parents. i think people who have never experienced about part time job do not know notableness about money. Third, to know about spending money. I think a lot of student do not have experience to work as a part time job and they do not know how to management spending money. Because they have never experienced working and earning the money themselves. so it is good at experience for university student to work as a part time job. Last thing is that they can know lots of people. If students who work part time job, they can be know a lot of workers than general university student. In Korean, it is important to know the people who is in the same part. consequentially, I agree with working part time job for university students.


Most college students get a part time job even during school days. Needless to say, lots of students try to get a job in summer or winter vacation. All because they have to make a living for themselves. College registration fee is expensive they say, and I agree. It's hard to imagine our parents paying up all those moneys. That's why we need part time jobs. Although some do it because they do need money. I say part time jobs are good experience for all of us. But bad if the students try to make part time jobs as their eternal job. Some don't go to school at all'cause of it. Anyways, even with all their hard effort trying to earn, the regular wage rules are not being kept. My friend was working in an internet café for 3000won an hour. It's not fair. How can he make a living out of it? It should be increased or people should observe the rules. I intend to get a part time job in summer. But I don't want to work under these circumstances. But I need money which makes me that I have no choice. I somehow wish this could all change for all of us.


I'm also a current college student and agree, the students who work even just a small part time job at school are more motivated to get work done. Now, some students do live off of their own parents' money, which is fine if they are that fortunate. However, if they don't have a need to work, these students should be involved in a club or some type of other activity. There's a lot of responsibility that goes into running an organization on campus and it can help students remained grounded in a similar way that a regular, paying job would. Ultimately, anything that keeps students from becoming lazy is a good thing. Holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. Students will make them more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Having to focus on their studies is not a valid excuse, because there are many options available for part time work, ranging from a few hours per week at an on campus job to 20 30 hours per week in the service industry off campus. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management. If students keep their priorities straight and find a part time job that is at least tolerable, students will be adding an important element to their future resume.


I am going to write as a college student. First of all yes. I agree with the topic. Doing part time job is essential for the students especially college students. But it costs a lot to go to the university. Most college students lack both time and money in Korea. Of course it's important to earn money but all of the universities require money too much. Most students can't afford the money by themselves. Me either. I think we should go abroad or experience many of things we haven't done instead study all day or work every day and stay home. I insist it is important to do a part time job but I hate how we have to do a part time job. Anyway we can learn many things from doing part time job. Such as endurance, responsibility and conversation skills etc... I think these are much more important than the money we earn from doing part time job. We can also learn how to use our time efficiently. To be at work on time, we schedule. That is how we learn to use our time. In addition typically it's boring to do a part time job. So I do some exercise or read a newspaper when I am free during the work. You don't? But I do!


One year's age, I had a part time job which was a cahier. While working cashier, I felt several disciplines. At the time, I spent money in clothes, accessories, rings. I didn't know money value. But, I worked myself so I regretted my spending. I knew that my parents did hard work. And I felt studying. While working, I wanted to study. Study is very easy work. I knew that I dislike physical work. I wanted to work that is knowledge. So, I always write my income and outcome. When I got some pocket money, I didn't spend it. Everything was saving at my account. And I really hard study for I get my knowledge. Part time is so very value experience. If I had not worked part time job, I would have realized money value and studying value. It gives me high mental quality. I think that people must part time job at young age. These days I get high English mark and am be good student. I must not forget my part time. My experience is so informative and helpful. I want to work another job so I want to know another value. My children suggest that part time is so good experience.


During your college days, you don't want waste time but usually many student regret that you invaluably spend your time. But I think there are some ways not to waste your time, while you study at university. The one of them is to have a part time job. In fact, many students have a part time job, which is like waiter, cashier, seller, etc. , during your college days, to earn money, to get an experience or so. It is very helpful for student to get a job. And very important. Even though they don't have to get a part time job to earn money. So I will explain to you that why it is important. First, you can meet various people. Of course, you can meet people at your school but it is different between people whom you would meet at your workplace and people whom you would meet at your school. I think talking with various people gives you a lot of idea. Also you could have a chance to get information which you want to get. If you do part time job is related your future work, you can meet some people who have some information you need. It is more advantage than other people who don't part time job. Second, you earn money, having part time job. So you can realize how important money is and how to spend money. You could have a habit of saving money. Because you don't want to waste the money you earned. Some of student's waste money, but almost student doesn't waste the money they earned themselves. Thus I think during your college days, doing part time job is very helpful, valuable, and merited things. So. I recommend you to do part time job, while you are in university.


What kind of or how many part time jobs (easily Alba) did or do you have? Most of the students have experienced part time job so as to prepare tuition or earn my own pocket money in college. Because of increasing tuition, nowadays student should have experience it particularly. During Carrying out part time job, you stand on yourself own legs and be formed sense of economy, be aware of value of money. On the other hands, because you who do excessively many jobs might pay no attention to study, learning time relatively is decreased. For example, if you work during the night or weekdays, maybe you fall sleep in class. Therefore you don't understand or miss content in class. Commonly'part time job' means temporary employee. It's fine that you earn money as to temporary employee until you attend college. But not graduate. After graduation, if you still work temporary employee, you are not satisfied your life. Maybe you have a dream. If you want to achieve your dream, you must study hard. There is a right time for everything, even studying. Through part time job, it is important that you make an experience but you always remind your duty. No matter what to do you try to keep a balance between work and study.


Some people might hastily say that only attending a university is the easiest and fastest way to live a successful life because a college education is the surest method that guarantees one's success. However, I am convinced that having a part time job is desirable for college students. Because it can develop your practical skills and experience what is society. To begin with, you can improve your practical skills necessary for a successful career earlier instead of wasting four or more years in college. In Korea, most college students, including soon to be graduates, are unfamiliar with practical work skills necessary when they start a job. The reason is that they focus mainly on theoretical knowledge while attending college. Moreover, by having a part time job, students can save a lot of time and money that can play a role in a person's success. College students have to spend four or more years only studying at school without earning any money. In addition to spending a long time as a student, they have to spend a huge amount of money on expensive tuition and college life, such as taking trips to overseas countries during summer or winter vacations. However, if they have a part time job they could save enough time and money to become successful. They can save up a certain amount of money each month for stocks and housing investment or work abroad a long time to have various work experiences. In this respect, getting a part time job seems to be a wise decision for students. In conclusion, for the above reasons. I strongly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


Have you ever worked as a part timer? These days, university students should choice a part time job because the students can't be supported their studying and living expenses by their parents. Moreover, Korean universities have been increasing their tuitions year after year. Though university students should concentrate on their studying, they can't study well. Sometimes, they absent from school because they worked very hard last night. But if you can't avoid it, how about enjoy it? I have some advice about part time jobs as a senior. First, get a job which you really interested in. If your dream is a diplomat, you should consider working in a company that using English. It is painful that someone working in a not wanted job. For example, I've worked in an English institution as a teacher of elementary students. And it has given me friendships with foreign friends and English skills. Second, do your job as you are a professional. There will be not a person who doesn't like hard working people. You can meet some friends who will help you. If you work hard, it will be helpful not only for your benefit, but also for your image. Working is hard, but the fruits are sweet. You can think you are unhappy because you should be working when your wealthy friend is playing. But part time job is not just for money. You will have many chances during the working hour: recognizing the mind of your parents, rewarding of job and value for money.


Have you ever done part time job? If you did not, you should try it. Because Part time job is very useful. I am sure that you can get many things through the part time job. Why am I think so that? First, you can get a new experience when you do part time job. You did not even know before do the part time job, but you could the experience indirectly. For example, if you want to be a teacher, you could teach the students in academy Second, It also good for your career to get a job. If you have various careers, you can give more good impression to your boss or interviewer. Third, you have an aim, so live more energetic life during working part time job. For example, you will work it so you can go to travel or buy something that you want usually. Finally, you can feel that you make money by yourself. I think that is the most attractive thing in this topic. You can afford whatever you want, when you have done the part time job. For these reasons, part time job is very useful and you should try this in your life. Try it now!


I truly agree with the topic. Our life is too short to study only. We are too young and beautiful to be captured in a school for studying and studying again. I know that studying is a very important job as a student, but we had already been studying for so long. There are so many things to do outside of school. Experiences from the past will make a person who he or she is. I think we need to experience as many things as possible, and experiences will help us when we have the same kind of problems in the future. Our parents have supported us financially so far. We are now at the age of being able to take responsibility on our own. We can make money for our phone bills and allowances. However, I highly recommend you to find appropriate work, try different jobs and study hard. First, if we work at a bar or a convenient store at very late night until morning, then it won't be helpful for us. Second, if we try different types of jobs in four years, experiencing types of work must be somewhat help you to find the perfect job when you need to get a job for a living in the future. If we work too hard, we might be neglectful when it comes to studying. Let's not forget that we are students. We need to step further to enjoy our school life and be a better person by having a part time job. Do everything as long as you can. We can be an independent individual and a good graded student at the same time.


Many students are having part time jobs these days. It became one of the cultures among young people. They work at caf辿, fast food store, a convenient store and so on. Mostly the reason they look for part time jobs is to earn money because there are many things they want to buy in twenties. But some other says that having a part time is an important experience to learn a real world. I don't agree with that. It might be helpful if a student has a part time job just for a month. One month is enough time to learn how hard earning money is or how tough this world is. But if the student works for a long time, I think that is the time to have problems. The works they do is usually mere work not professional. They easily get tired compare to others who don't have a part time job and it also influence their grades. I think school grades, traveling, chasing dream are the things truly important to young people. There are so many thing they should care bating part time jobs. I think if you want to experience the world, an intern ship would be better than a part time job.


I read an article, which is about whether teenagers should have a part time job. In today's society, more and more college students have part time job after school. In my opinion, I support that teenagers have part time jobs in their free time and the reasons are as follows. First, I think that having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. Besides, I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Or if the kids can give the parents the money that is earned by them, their parents will be very happy. The second reason is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help teenagers find their ideal job more easily in the future. And the teenagers can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance.


Is part time job important for students? Today, many college students have part time job for several reasons. I think it is very important for their college lives to have part time job for the following reasons. Firstly, they can have experience on society before they graduate their college. Through the part time job, they can learn business manner and communication skill with others as the society requests. Secondly, they can live independently by having part time job. They can earn some money for their college tuition and their own leisure life without their parents' help, and also, they can buy something they have wanted. Lastly, it is a very good opportunity for college students to think about their parents' efforts for them. From birth to high school, most of them have been given their parents' money and efforts. Through the part time job, they finally know the fact that they parents earn money in a different way. For these reasons, I totally agree that it is very important for college students to have part time job. They can get valuable things through part time job.


I agree that college students have a part time job. There are some reasons. First, students who have a part time job can help support a family. These days the college tuition fees and food expenses are growing. Parents' worries and sigh are also growing. If students have a part time job and earn their pocket money, they could aid family finances. Next, It can help increase experiences and careers to work part time job. Most people get a job after they graduated from the school. If we have a experience about part time job, when we get a job we can easily adapt ourselves to place of work. Finally, we can know the value of money. Give an example. I receive allowance from my parents. Because they give me pocket money on a weekly basis, I don't feel well the shortage of money. So I tend to spend all money if money exists. Therefore, college students who get a allowance lavish their money on everything since they don't make money. But, college students who have a part time job know the value of money and use money frugally. Like this there are many adventages of part time job. Although side effects of it exist, I hope that students wii be independent through working a part time job.


I believe that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons and the first one is concerned with economic situation. That is, these days the college fee is very high in Korea, so there are some students who had to stop their study regardless of their intention. Of course, students can take a scholarship but it is available for a few students. Therefore, to cover their school fee, college students have to have a part time job. In fact, many college students are doing a part time job such as private tutoring and serving in the restaurant after school. The second reason is that although taking a part time job looks like a kind of obligation, it can enrich students' life. As a college student, it is important to concentrate on their major and study. However, I think that experiencing diverse things is one of the college students' duties and taking a part time job can be one valuable experience. For example, if there is a college student who wants to be a teacher, he or she can consider whether the dream is right for him or her by doing private tutoring. On the other hand, although a student is doing a part time job that is not related with his or her dream, he or she can find what he or she really wants as doing it.


It is important for college student to have part time job. Having part time job has many advantages to college students. First is financial advantage. Most of college students enjoy their school life with their pocket money. It is quite limited and also it makes students more financially dependent. Earning money student themselves makes student independent and giving chance them to manage their own money. Secondly, college student can learn social roles by having part time job. Under graduate students hard to get a'job' because they do not have any degree. So before getting career, part time job can be an alternative. By doing part time job, student can learn social role, duty and responsibility. They can stand alone as a worker. It could be the priceless experience. Thirdly, Student can use their time more efficiently. It can be sounded ironic but having part time job can make student more punctual and improve time management skills. It is a shame that wasting college life with drinking and doing nothing. Part time job is literally'part' time job. It does not really interrupt students studying time. There are many advantages to have a part time job. It is not only for earning money but also shaping students social skills.


I think it is necessary for college students to have a part time job, because these kinds of experience give student to valuable moments which learn about many things. There are several reasons to support my idea. First of all, students learn the importance of money, and they take care of money far better than before. Because through doing part time job, they learn that it is really hard for them to make money. So they learn the value of money which they have spent very uselessly. Secondly, part time job would give students to diverse social experiences. They have to learn how to hang out their boss in the office, and how to treat their customers by doing part time job. Thus, they finally learn the real world which is very different from the comfortable world in the school. These kinds of experiences are very useful for them to work at the office after graduating the college. In conclusion, I strongly support the idea that it is better for college students to have a part time job. Not only it can give students to realize the importance of the money, but also it can make students to experience real social world which is very different from the school word.


Most college students in Korea do not have enough money to use in their daily life. Because college students do not work in a company, they just get money from their parents. As they get money from their parents, they can be uncomfortable about spending money. However, it is not good for them to get money from their parents because they are adults. They have a duty that they have to make money by themselves as adults. So, I want to suggest to college students that they have to get a part time job to make money by them selves. Part time job is good way to make money even though they are not graduated from their school. Part  time job can make people earn money not giving up their study. Also, there is another good point of doing part time job. If college students do the part time job, they can feel economical society prior to getting a job. When they get a job, they may have problems that they have not experienced before. However, they can manage to do their job, if they have ever experienced the social life before. Doing part time job will be their precious experience that makes them endures their problems with the company in the future.


I think that it is very important for college student to do some part time jobs. At this age, they are not just a baby of their parents anymore. They are not also just students of the school anymore who can't do his or her own works alone. As a college student, they have to prepare for their independent life when graduating from the school. Therefore, they have to learn how to earn the money to sustain their lives themselves. To be sure, all the money that needs to sustain lives can't be earned by part time job but at least they have to earn their allowance themselves. In addition, parents will not worry about their living when they become an independent worker in the society. Some people can say that they are still students so they have to concentrate on their study for the future job and life. However, if they can plan their schedule appropriately to gain both money and knowledge, they will be successful not only on their money but also on their job. In real, most of the college students are doing two those things nowadays. If those who are not experienced enough to work for money in their college life, they will feel difficult easily when they are alone in the society.


It is during your college years where you can explore and experience things in life, and I think part time jobs are one of them. Once you graduate college, you won't have time and given the opportunity even if you want to. College years are perfect time for you to try many hard jobs and get experience out of it. At the same time, while doing part time jobs, you can gain knowledge of how to adjust to the society. One of the hardest struggle students experience after college is adjusting to the new environment, SOCIETY. Society is a total different world, and it is the reality. It is harsh and competitive. As a result, in order to be successful, it is necessary that you are prepared before throwing yourself out into the society. And one the best way to prepare is to gain knowledge and experience slowly through part time jobs. Also, during college years, many students are broke. You spend a lot of time for various reasons. But it is depressing when you don't have money, and you have to rely on your parents, which can be a burden on them. Part time jobs can solve this problem. Also, it is good that you start earn money for yourself and try to be economically independent. You can't always rely on your parents for money. At some point, you have to be able to support yourself. I think it is better to start early and help your parents out. For these reasons, I think college students should try part time jobs at least once in their lifetime.


These days college students are busy doing both of study and part time job. Students have burden on a lot of assignments and expensive tuition fee. Especially, it is a big burden for both students and parents to make the tuition fee. Doing a part time job is important to college student for three main reasons: learn the society, make personal relations and be independent. First, students can experience how the society works. When they graduate, most of students get their own job. The part time job gives them a great chance to work with workers and know the atmosphere. Hence, students can know the society different from campus life. Second, students can make more personal connections among people by doing the part time job. They have a great chance to meet other college students who do the part time job. In addition, students can have a wide acquaintance with full time workers. Finally, students can be independent. They get the salary and deposit it as part of tuition. Therefore students don't have to rely on their parents. Also, the salary can be used as pocket money. For these reasons, it is recommendable for students to have a part time job.


It depends on the situation. If a student wants to have more experiences before he or she steps into the job market, the student has better have a part time job related to the specific field. Nowadays many companies consider extra experiences outside university as valuable asset. Therefore, if one wants to get more opportunities in job market, it is highly recommended to have part time jobs before graduation. And also in case that a student has financial difficulties, the student has no choice but to have a part time job. Self supporting when attending university is difficult and can affect one's marks negatively. It does not mean that having part time jobs degrade one's over all university life. Rather, the difficult time that one spend to support oneself can be the preparing time for the future. However, if a student does not have to work for his tuition fee or for his living costs and he does not need to take part in some occupation for extra experiences, he does not have to have a part time job. Some students who major sports and art such as fine art, piano and other musical instrument might not need extra experiences, because they have to focus on improving their skills by themselves.


I believe it is important for college students to have a part time job and I have three reasons for this. First reason is that college, especially in Korea, is where students start to learn to be independent. In my perspective one of the biggest problems for Korean students is that they are too much dependent on their parents. Of course, in Korea until high school students are expected to only focus on their studies so not many Korean students work and depend on their parents. However, this needs to change and being independent economically is a first big step which can be done through having a part time job. Second reason is through part time job students can earn hands on social experience. College is a step right before starting social life and when students graduate college they start taking part in the real world with lots of responsibilities. This can be also experienced through part time job. For example if a person works in a restaurant, there is a manager, waiter, cook and there is a hierarchy among the members and by working there a direct experience working under the social hierarchy system can be earned. Last is by having part time job you can meet lots of people in different fields and might find out your specialties. There are millions and millions of people out in the working and by having part time job in various areas students can meet these people and learn from them. Also, I believe changing part time job once in a while is helpful because you can try and work in different fields and might find your future job. For these reasons, if part  time job is done in an extent where it doesn't affect the studies it is an important part of college life.


These days, it is natural to have a part time job when teenagers become university students. Almost all of college students do a part time job after class and even weekends. I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. They can learn several things in the course of having their own part time job. First of all, students will be independent. When teenagers graduate high school and become adults, they need to be out of their parents' protection. They can have self responsibility through doing a part time job. Second, college students will realize the value of money. They feel how much it is hard to earn money. So, they will change their spending habits and try to save money. Third, having a part time job gives college students various social experiences. While students do a part time job, they get into the society. This will make them think about how hard to survive in a society, how society is operating, and how social network is connected and so on. Although they are still students, they feel what society is through this experience. According to these three reasons, including being independent, realizing the value of money, and getting social experiences, I think having a part time job when students are in college is critical.


I strongly disagree with the statement that it is important for undergraduate student to have a part time job. The main reason why having a part time job is not significant for college students is that their main role as a undergraduate student is to study academically their own major or other fields. Firstly, if college students had a part time job, they would have not sufficient time to learn their discipline. Time is very limited to everyone, especially to students, and, these days, time management is getting more important than the past due to the rapid changing society. Generally undergraduate students have to take some general courses, which require a lot of time to study. In addition, they have tons of assignments for each class. Time to do part time jobs would make college students take out their valuable time to study. Secondly, a part time job distracts students' life. For example, if their job was related to personal relationship (e. g. , food serving or marketing using phone), it would be highly possible to be somethings wrong. When this happened, college students would have a problem spiritually and get stressed out. For those reasons, all things considered, having a part time job is not a good idea for undergraduate students.


It is necessary for college student to have part time job. First, through the experience of part time job, they can find their aptitude for their future career. Let's suppose there is a college student who is interested in running restaurant. If she works in a restaurant or a firm as a part timer and has a chance to see the real business situation very closely, she can reflect it to her process of job decision more easily. Second, doing a part time job can help college student developing social skills such as communication strategy, making good relationship with strangers, and teamwork. Although a student works for a trivial part comparing to the entire process in her part time job, such as photocopying, cleaning, or typing, she should have a sense of responsibility and cannot help communicating with other people. Third, doing part time job leads college students to be independent economically from their family. Considering the fact that they are adults and member of the society, they need to be independent from the parents care. In the light of this, as a first step for being a real adult, money making is needed for the students. For this three reasons, it is very good chance for college students to have part time job.


If you go to the convenience store or fast food restaurant, you can easily find university students working as a part time job. I also have a lot of part time experiences. Some think that college students should study hard on their major solely so that having part time job is a waste. However, I believe that having part time job is beneficial for college students by teaching two lessons to students: sociability and the importance of earning money. Firstly, working experience will give lessons how to interact with other people. You cannot develop the sociability through studying in front of the desk. For example, while I was working in the food restaurant, I could learn the difficulties and importance of encountering people. You would never know how to deal with lots of people and giving out great services according to the customer is really hard when you only stay in front of the desk. Secondly, you would realize the importance of earning money. You may find out that earning money is difficult. In my case, I mopped, cleaned the dishes, cashed money, and delivered the food for five hours a day and I paid only 5000 won (almost five dollars) per hour. It was really hard to earn money. It also gave me the motivations to study harder to get a good job, which can pay me a lot of money without this kind of physical effort. To sum up, I strongly think that having a part time job as a college student is important because it is beneficial for students by giving two great lessons. They would learn how to deal with people in the pragmatic situations, and they can learn the importance of earning money by realizing the hardness of labor. Students, let's taste the hardness of labor to grow up!


I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. First, college students cannot have various experiences by having a part time job. Some people think that having a part time job gives me a good experience. Though not having a part time job, college students can have a good experience. In addition to part time job, there are many different activities. They can earn the time taking part in more various activities by not having a part time job. Second, having a part time jab deprives the time that college students can develop the personality and knowledge. College students should study a major and English. Spending the time that they study is more important than spending the time that they work part time. By working part time, they do not have the time enough to study a major and English. Third, college students should know that love and friendship is more important than money. But they could miss the fact by spending much time that they working part time. For working part time, they lose things more than earn them. Therefore, these reasons are why I disagree it is important for college students to have a part time job.


In the Western countries, people who graduated from junior high school are independent from their parents. However, compared to those countries, Korea looks different. It is unique situation for Korean. Whereas Western students have a part time job when they are in schools, Korean students are forced to study rather than to have a part time job. When they become college students, some are still dependent to their parents. They might give excuses about it. However, It is important for college students to have a part time job for some reasons. First reason is that they have to know economic concept as adults. After graduating from a university, they will have their own job and earn money. In order to be economic, they should be ready for proper earning and spending habits. Moreover, they don't know spending money sparingly is so important until they make money. They should know having their jobs and making money is not easy, so they don't waste it. They can have responsibility on their jobs and money Another reason is that they have to be independent from their parents as adults. Their parents already sacrifice for their sons and daughter for about 20 years. As a daughter or son, they should try to reduce their parent's burden. Tuition for university is very expensive so by having a part time job, they can help their parents. For these reasons, college students should have part time jobs. It will be helpful for their parents and themselves.


I think there are many important things for college students. Therefore, having a part time job can be one of them, but it should not be the most important thing. The most important thing for college student is to study and examine their own field. The reason why they major in the subject is to study more in the subject they are interested in and to find a job that is related to their fields of study. If they need working experience, they can do internship during summer or winter breaks. Since most part time jobs are serving in restaurants, or working in factories, they are not closely related to their fields of study even though it brings students good experience. Also, the reason for getting a part time job is for earning some money. However, it is better to study hard and get a scholarship. Then, students can compensate the time of doing their part time jobs. Students can have many experiences from other activities besides part time job. For example, students travel around the country or abroad in order to broaden their perspectives. Or they can join some school clubs in order to learn and build up social relationship. Also, they can do volunteer work to help the poor or the physically challenged. As I said above, there are many things to do for earning money or getting more experience except for part time job. I did not mean that there is no need to do part time job. I mean we can invest our time more reasonably doing many kinds of activities or focusing more on study depending on our purpose. Therefore, I believe that there are many more important things than doing part time job.


While some people argue that studying is the only duty of college students, I believe having a part time job is also very important for college students. They need to have a part time job because it can give them money, experience, and some knowledge of how the economy works. To begin with, they can earn some money by themselves. On average, college students are over 20 years old, which means they are adults, so they have some duty to earn money by themselves in order not to be burdens to their parents anymore. Also, they can feel the importance of money, so they can have habits of saving money and using it wisely. Moreover, through part time job, they can acquire not only money, but also social experiences. In particular, by doing part time job, they can learn what good teamwork is. For example, when a college student work at a restaurant as a server, he come to realize some know how for delivering food well from the cooks to customers, communicating with other servers, and giving accurate information to cashiers. Finally, the college students can learn how the economy works. Through part time job, they can learn the relationship between employees and employers and they can understand how demand and supply affects the price of the products. Additionally, they can learn some knowledge about the industry he works for. To conclude, it is my belief that doing a part time job is necessary for the college students because they can learn lessons like how to use money wisely, get social experience, and some knowledge.


As the society become more and more complicated, students seek to experience broad fields of society. Not only is this phenomenon, but also, students are very interested in becoming an independent member of social group. For these reasons, many college students want to get part time jobs in their young age. Nowadays, doing part time jobs really do help college students in these ways. First, part time job experience makes college students to be prepared for their future career. Nowadays students much concern about what they will do as a work in a future. Therefore, they have more tendencies to find a way to experience a work circumstances in advance. Part time jobs allow peers to know whether the job is appropriate to the person since it provides similar work environment to students. Part time job is a proper way of achieving searching for a right job for each of students. Secondly, part time jobs help student to manage their economic state. Many college students work and earn some moneys which are essential to their house rent, food fee, and even college tuition. After one student graduated from a high school, they mostly get independence from his or her parents and the parents don't usually support them economically. Since students have to go to school in the daytime, they in most cases work by using night time or weekends. If students cannot do part time job, many student will be burdened by unbalanced budgets. For these reasons, college students working is needed, and it has some advantages that college students do work as a part time. They can be more skillful before they really get a job, and they also can be more flexible when they make their monthly budget. As a nut shell, part time job is good and important for college students.


As a college student, I have a part time job of teaching kid. Part time job is one of the biggest parts of my college life. Like I do, most of college students are working for part time job and it become important part of college life. Students can get some benefits from part time job. First, student can experience different form of society through part time job. Before they experience part time job, they only experienced society of school, family and friends which is very limited form of real society. If they have chance to expand their experience of many kinds of different society of relationship, such as boss and clerk in workplace and clerk and customer in the market, they can easily adapted to society when they graduate the college. Part time job is one of the good chances to learn. Second, student can earn money from part time job. As a college student, they have to make money for both school and pocket money themselves. They can learn how difficult to earn money and how important to spend money properly. If they never learn these before get the job, they will suffer from mistakes of misusage of money. Earning money from part time job and use money will be good opportunity to learn economical sense. Some people can say that part time job is wasting of time and it will make student cannot concentrate to school work. However, benefit which student can get from part time job is important as much as school work for future.


I don't think that having a part time job is important for college students. It would be good to live economically independent from their parents. However, as a status of a student, there are a lot of things, especially related to studies, for students to do. For some students, it is hard to live by the money from parents give, they manage to earn money by doing a part time job. It is understandable, and for me, I also do a part time job, but I sometimes find it hard to manage both studying and working at the same time. I cannot fully concentrate on my studies because of my part time schedules. The best way is to get a scholarship with good grades. Then, it could help my tuition fee, but I still need enough money to live on my every day life. There's saying, For the young, it is grateful to have a hardship. In the early 20s struggles may help us grow up and be mature relatively. However, there are so many struggles not only in 20s but also for one's whole life, so the old adage doesn't apply to these days anymore. By doing a part time job, one may learn how to make a harmony with others in workplaces, and find what kind of jobs one prefers. Let's look into what kinds of part time jobs college students these days work for. Few of them have part time jobs which they eager to do, considering their future career, as I believe. Most of them work as private tutors, probably it is the fortunate case, cashiers, servers A part time job doesn't mean anything but the quick way of making handy money. Therefore, I don't think it is not that valuable for students to have a part time job.


In my view, having some part time job is really important for college students. I think it is helpful to students by these two reasons. Firstly, working part time can be an important experience to enhance students' social skills. No matter what sort of work is required to part timers, it is critical to interact with other people; like supervisors, or other colleagues. The experience of working like this way is very precious because college students will have their real job sometime. Secondly, I think college student should learn about the way of controlling their budget. The life as a college student contains a lot of money. Because most of them are no more children, they have to be the master of themselves. I think they can be more independent with their own earnings, not only relying on their families. I have been participating in some work in school since I entered this university. Of course, I could learn about small works of school and could gain a lot of money. When vacation, I often get some part time jobs in restaurants, internet cafes, etc. there was no job which was not helpful to me. To conclude, I think it is certain that working part time is really helpful to college students.


It is not as much important for college students to have a part time job as students and adults think these days. Basically, college students entered college to study more deeply what they were interested in. So, they should be more concerned with study, not a part time job. Of course, it is important to have various experiences when young. However, volunteering or internship can give enough experiences to students. I think it will be more valuable experience when they don't earn money. They should not be interrupted study by money problems. Society need to help student to be given scholarship or study without concern about money problems. Also, it should give students various opportunities, such as volunteering, internship or counseling for what they want to be or where they want to work in. Furthermore, college students' having part time jobs can make problems about justifying irregular workers. Many students don't get enough money from their working place because society think college students are not adults yet, like adolescents. I don't want to say that students should not have a part time job. In conclusion, society has to give student more opportunities and boundaries, and it is desirable that students concentrate on study first, not a part time job.


I think it is not that important for college students to have a part time job. If a student has to earn money for himself, it is okay to have a part time job. For example, if a student has to earn his tuition fee because his parents cannot afford it, then having a part time job is inevitable. However, unless students have any reason to have a part time job, I don't suggest or recommend them to work. In the first place, the most important task for college students is studying. If a student has a part time job, he will spend his time working, which means he will lose his time to study. Having a part time job is waste of time for students. Some people might say that having a part time job gives students valuable experience that cannot be got from studying. It is not true, though. If students have a part time job, they might lose more valuable opportunities that are helpful for them. If they don't spend their time on a part time job, they can attend internships or social activities. It is better for college students to spend their time improving their capabilities by studying or attending other activities than having a part time job.


College students are at the stage of being an adult. Being an adult means being independent in terms of mentally, physically, and economically. Therefore they need to practice to make money step by step. And having a part time job is a good way to practice it. College students need to earn money because they start to independent from their original family. After graduate high school, usually they are treated as an adult, and it pushes college students to have opportunity to have a job. However, because they have to study at college, I think a part time job is better than full time job. Although the money is smaller than full time job, they can experience work field. Further, they can learn work ethics from their work. Second, experiencing real work field let them know themselves. For example, they can find their aptitude from the work experiences. And it is possible to lie down a specific job when it does not match with one's aptitude. In my case, I could realize my aptitude from internship on my summer vacation. Third, while working in the real field, students can learn what to study more to get a real job. Students are the people who have the opportunity to learn more. Though the ability student has now is not perfect, he/she has the chance and time to make up. And I think a part time job provides the chance.


Nowadays, even though many college students still get funding from their parents, it is necessary for them to have a part time job. Not only a part time job gives college students an opportunity to experience the society but also students get to know the value of the money. First, college students can experience their future society through a part time job. Usually, a college is the last step to jump into the society; it is where college students have to prepare for the competitive society. However, if students do not get to prepare or be ready to face the real society when they were still in college, it would be a problem in the future. To prevent having that kind of problems in the future, they have to experience the society doing a part time job. By doing that, they will experience the hierarchy of the society and how to deal with the unexpected situation in the society. Second, a part time job lets students know the true value of money. When students get all the money from their parents, they will not realize the value of the money. The money given to them is not just free award but it costs a lot to have that money. If they do not work and experience, they will not realize how hard to earn money and how hard their parents work to feed them. A part time job would be the best way to have lessons about the money. As a result, it is not good to overlook the value of a part time job since it gives a chance to experience the outer society and it helps students realize the value of money.


I agree that having part time job is very important for college students. Firstly, part time job can provide financial independence to students. As the tuition and other burden are quite high, sometimes, parents of students cannot afford to support everything, which can be a big problem to students who have to study. Part time job can provide additional money to the students, helping them concentrate on their own studies. Secondly, having part time can be another education method for college students to learn about real life and economy. College students can be insensitive to the society where they would live on, while they study theories and schools in colleges, where are far from the real life. In that case, part time job experiences can give a real situation to students. Students can apply what they have learned during the part time job experiences, and acquire some meaningful lessons which cannot be taught in the class room. For example, the students in the college of education can learn some realistic teaching techniques when they are privately tutoring students. Thirdly, part time job of college students can be beneficial for society, too. While many employers want cheap and well educated workers, the real situation is far from their hope. Usually, many educated workers are too expensive to employ, while cheap workers are sometimes illiterate or under educated. In that situation, college students can be the mediation of two conditions and they can serve as good alternatives. Actually, there are so many companies and government departments which employ college students as part time internship workers because they are cheaper than formal employees, and they can be easily educated than cheaper workers. As a result, having part time jobs of college students is very beneficial and educational activities both for society, colleges, and the students themselves.


As far as college student's having a part time job, I will suggest 3 supports on the below. First of all, students are born to study other than having part time job with spending a lot of time. Nowadays, most of part time job owners force student to spend a lot of time by making the contract filled out when they get a job. However, once the contract is submitted to the employers, it is extremely hard to reject their offer even if they have a lot of homework that should be dealt with on a day and night. Therefore, it would be better not to start to avoid such traps. Secondly, instead of trying to get money by having part time job, they can take alternatives. When we take a closer look to colleges, there are a lot of scholarships designed to students. Thus, for college students, it is reasonable to take a way to get a scholarship by studying hard instead of killing a lot of time. Finally, it can do other meaningful activities in college rather than having a part  time job. The experience students can get by part time job is not important as students can go through this experience when they get a real job after graduation; however, the experience regarding meaningful activities never will not be back once this period is over. Considering that it is not easy to take 2 rabbits at a time because of the time limit, we can conclude that students should experience more meaningful experience that needs less time.


I believe that college students should have a part time job. First of all, they need time to experience the society and the work. If they become stuck in the college, not knowing what's really happening and changing in the real open world, it will not be great loss of time for their future. Rather than that, they should go outside and see the world and find the true meaning and purpose of their life again. Of course, it's only a part time job, so that it cannot provide students with everything, but still, it will surely provide students with something helpful. Secondly, they don't really spend his whole 24 hours for studying. Undergraduate students, not like graduate students, don't need lots of time for studying, so that in the spare time, they usually go out and waste their time away. This must be stopped. If they can change their habit of using time thoughtlessly, organizing their time effectively unlike these days, they will have more fruitful college life. Thirdly, most of the college students grow up in the good family background, they have no experience of working themselves. They need to learn how it is not easy to make money and learn to thank their parents who have been fostering them until now.


Nowadays, more and more students have a part time job because of a variety of reasons. Some students work in order to pay his tuition, while some students spend their time in order to make living on his own, and I strongly agree with the statement that college students have to have a part time job because of the following two reasons. First of all, by having a part time job, you can have more freedom to control your life. Being economically independent is one of the most important things that should be done prior to depart from one's parents when he/she goes to university. Plus, by having a part time job, students can earn money, which finally helps them to achieve what they have planned. For example, I have seen many friends of mine who traveled around the world with the money they earned during their semester. Secondly, by working at a part time job, students are able to experience the real world or real society earlier than the students who do not. In many cases, part time jobs include a food serving, a company's assistant, or a cashier at a store. During their working time, they are supposed to face a lot of real life situations, by handling or solving that problem, they can grow up as real adults. This kind of precious experience cannot be bought through any other method or money. In conclusion, having a part time job is really important and crucial for college students because it is very helpful for students' whole life. We should remember that there is something that is more than just money, but something that can only be acquired through our variety of experiences in college life. Go get a job immediately!


"The students' duty is to focus on their studies," say most of the Koreans. This is why many Korean parents assume the responsibility to fully take care of their children in terms of finance. Indeed, many Korean university students rely on their parents for tuition, and they rarely find their own place. However, I believe university students should at least have a part time job in order for them to have a pre experience of the society and learn to effectively manage their finance. First, having a part time job would provide students with an opportunity to become familiar to the real world prior to the occupations they would be devoted to in the future. For instance, they would actually do a job interview, negotiate their salary, cooperate with colleagues and witness how a business runs. These are experiences one cannot get in the classroom. Furthermore, the real world does not always operate as the textbook model, but involves countless unpredictable variables. By encountering various types of people and situations, students would be able to develop an ability to quickly adjust their decisions to cope with those matters. Second, through the experience of earning money for themselves, students would learn responsibility for their own expenditure and thereby develop a better sense of finance. Specifically, they learn the consequences of spending thoughtlessly when they are eventually forced to cut down on their budget to the extreme. They learn to be industrious when they save up for months to purchase an expensive product. In some cases, students even make successful investments and bring about a multifold increase of their asset. To sum up, having a part time job injects into students a healthy idea of economy and helps them become a reasonable consumer. In conclusion, it is important for university students to have a part time job because it provides a simplified version of working experience and financial management. A student needs to be as much worldly wise as academically brilliant in order to successfully adapt to society.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. First of all, it gives people to experience something special, which is different from the studying in a college. If a college student works part time job, he/she might be able to experience the outer society earlier than other students who don't work part time job. For example, they have to learn patient to the boss or complaining customers. In addition, the students who have a part time job can understand the value of money. The part time job might teach the students that money is not come free. It teaches that if they wanted to earn money, they have to pay the time and their efforts, and then after they realize the value of money, they are relatively saving money than those who don't understand that. Finally, doing part time job makes the college students independent from their parents. Just aging doesn't mean a person to become an adult. If the students want to be respected as an adult, they have to be independent from their parents. Being independent means they can take care of themselves. In our society, taking care of someone needs money, so the first step for independent is financially independence. Therefore in my opinion, having a part time job is important for college students.


A part time job serves as a good chance for students to learn how to socialize with other people. As a matter of fact, throughout their education from elementary school to college, students tend to learn knowledge rather than how to cope with others in the society. Although they become friends with peers, that is probably possible thanks to the environment that makes them face each other for a long time. In addition, students are likely to be of similar age, socio economic background, or interest. In contrast, in the professional world that we enter after college, we are bound to encounter people from different backgrounds and cope with people who are higher in status according to the hierarchical system. For this reason, we are apt to face difficulties getting along with colleagues or bosses. Viewed in this light, if college students do part time jobs, they can experience in advance how the real society functions and how to treat coworkers. For example, working with colleagues, they can learn a sense of cooperation and responsibility, and communicating with bosses, they can learn ways to show respect, using appropriate register. Therefore, it is necessary that college students have a part time job, as that experience teaches them social skills which is necessary for their future career.


I agree the argument that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. College students should share their parents' burden because the tuition is too high by doing part time job. They can be motivated to save money after difficult experience for earning money. Lastly, they can learn many useful things. Here are some reasons for this statement. First of all, in Korea, due to the high rate of tuition students have to share their parents' burdensome by doing a part time job. Korea is one of the countries which have most expensive tuition. To cut family's economic problem, students can try to earn their allowance from payment of part time job. Second, most college students do not know how hard earning money is because they are familiar with getting money from their parents. Through new experience of part time job, they can recognize thanks for parents. Lastly, from part time job, students can learn a lot of useful information. For example, they can learn the way of patience when they feel angry and the importance of keeping kind and polite attitude in social relationship. For those reasons, I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. In Korean situation, they should share economic burden and they can learn many useful things from doing part time job.


For some people, the word'part time' makes them feel it'not consistent'. Therefore, they think doing part time job does not have many advantages and people do not have to do it if they are not desperate. However, I believe that it is important for college students to have a part time job. For me, my part time jobs gave me great opportunities to experience extraordinary things that I could not think of if I did not do any part time jobs. Let me take you some examples. First, I had a part time job that is for student who cannot hear well. I took a course with him and I typed after the professor's voice. He understood the lecture looking at the monitor that showed what the professor said. Through this experience, I could break my prejudice on the handicapped. Also, it was very meaningful for me because I had a new friend! This example shows that part time job provides opportunities for making friends with various people. And now, I am doing a part time job as a librarian. This work requires responsibility and social skills. Often, imagining the situation that I do something impolite and make teachers and students upset, I feel nervous. But I think this experience is beneficial for me. After graduating the college, students should work with lots of seniors. We can face such situations through the part time job before we move on to the'real society'. Furthermore, we are able to build capacity related to independence, both financially and affectively.


Recently, the students who combine studying and working are increasing. I think this case is going bad. First of all, student's part time job prevent them to concentrate on their study. Of course I understand, getting a part time job is not only reason to disturb study but, it is one of obstacles for study witout no doubt. To illustrate my poin of view, When I was in college, I have some friends who had a part time job after school. They almost worked 4 5 hours a day and easily get exhausted. As a result, they didn't get enough time to study or to do homework and even they had to choose sleep during class time to supplment lack of sleep. As I mentioned above, teenage students's part time job has negative effect on their acdemic achievement. In addition, college students can esaily be extorted by employers because they are too young to know a lot about the world yet. I am aware that there are many kind employers but still some adult let young people overwork. They only provide minimum wage for students that sometimes even low than regulation. And instead, they ask students work hard watching closely whether they get lazy or not. Taking all those things into accounts, college students should not have a part time jobs that hinder them to achieve academic goal and squeezed by bad employers. There is old saying in Korea, "The most beautiful person is who is engaged in what they should be. " I do not have the slightest objection to this word and it is about time that students should realize what really important in their school days.


I do not agree with the statement that college students should have a part time job. First of all, the college is the last moment in their lives where the students can enjoy their identity of being a student. It is unnecessary to experience what they will experience after the graduation so early. There are a lot of things that college students can do, the things that only students can do, such as going to an exchange program, participating in a club or acting and so much more. There is not enough time for all these, therefore it is not recommended to college students to have a part time job. Secondly, their primary role is students, which means all their attention and focus should be paid toward studying. In order to fulfill their role as students and pay the full attention to studying, working a part time job is not recommendable. If students need money for their tuition fees, it is much worthy to study hard and get a scholarship, which can be a plus to their future careers. Working a part time job exhausts them and takes their time for studying. Therefore, it is not recommendable to college students to have a part time job.


Many Korean college students get part time jobs as soon as they graduate from their highschools. For example, they can tutor students or work at fast food restaurants. However, there are some parents who forbid their children from applying for these jobs. It is very controversial whether or not part time jobs are necessary to college students. I think that these jobs are benefecial to them in terms of two reasons. First and Foremost, we should differentiate university students from elemenatry, junior high, and high school students. As a matter of fact, they are grown ups, who are responsible for managing their own lives. Although getting good GPA is important, being able to take care of their budget should also be reagarded as an important task. If a grown up still recieves pocket money from his parents, what is different between young children and grown ups? A person like this should feel embarrassed. Secondly, students can earn various experiences by working in various fields. For example, books do not tell them how to make delicious hamburgers or how to serve customers. On the other hand, a person who works at a restaruant can learn these practical skills and useful knowledge. Through these unique experiences, people can find out in which they are interested to work in the near futurel. I do not think that working as a part time worker is a waste of time for college students. Instead, it teaches responsibility and provides an invaluble message to them. Therefore, I agree that it is imporant for college students to have part time jobs.


After graduating from high school, many university students are confused if they are going to get a part time job. Some people might insist that college students should only focus on their academic works. However, I strongly suggest that part time job is helping university students who should be prepared for work after graduating learn the value of money and have practical experiences. First of all, college students learn how to manage their money by having part time jobs. After they graduate from college, they should manage their money by themselves and keep the economy of their households. University students learn how hard it is to earn money through their part time works and try to save their money and become more independent. Therefore, it is important to get a part time job and learn the value of money. For example, I work as a tutor in Korea and get paid. Before I get this part time job, I was irresponsible for the money and usually spend too much on my clothing and dining as I did not know how hard it is to make money. After I work as a tutor, I do not rely on my parents for my living. Even though I have less money than I get money from my parents, I even save my money on account. In addition, part time jobs give practical experiences for college students. Based on students' interests and majors, students can experiences their future career through part time jobs. When we consider that university is a learning place to be prepared for their future jobs, not only studying in front of desks but also having lots of valuable and practical experiences in jobs is important for students.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Needless to say, there are some benefits for college students to have a part time job. First of all, they can earn some money to use. Nowadays, being a college student means spending lots of money to buy clothes, books, and other things but his or her allowance is sometimes not enough to meet the needs. Moreover, some students should pay for their own tuition because the tuition is too expensive for their parents to pay. It will be very helpful to have a part time job as a student for them. Secondly, they can build up their mind for the future. If they want to get a job in future, they can apply for a part time job related to the field and they will face the reality of the field, not a fantasy. Also, one can be interested in a job after having a part time job even if he or she didn't heard of a thing about the job. The last and the most important reasons for having a part time job is that one can experience lots of things which can happen in a society. As a student in a college, he or she probably doesn't know what the society or workplace really is and one can learn this by having a part time job. For example, he or she can learn how hard one should work to earn money and what ability is required to be successful. These kinds of knowledge cannot be taught in a college efficiently and effectively.


I think it's not important for college students to have a part time job. College students can experience new works by a part time job but I don't think it is important. Before going to the college, students usually don't have a part time job so college students can experience new things by having a part time job. However the main role of students is studying so a part time job is less important and the main purpose of a part time job is not new experiences but earning money. Therefore, students find a part time job based on the money and it has little meaning to experience. For example, the most favored part time job by college students is tutoring and it is not really helpful to college students except students who are learning the subjects related to the subject of tutoring. However, many college students have tutoring as their part time job. It is just for money not for other things. If a part time job is used for experiencing something special, it can be important and helpful, but in fact many students don't think about it. Then, I think a part time job can interfere students' own college learning. I think studying is more important than a part time job except the case which a part time job is helpful to students' own studying.


These days, there are a lot of college students who spend their time with a part time job. Of course, some people are worrying about them for they do not have enough time to concentrate on their studying. However, I agree with the importance of college students having a part time job. There are two reasons for this argument: significance of getting work experience and realizing importance of money. First of all, students can get involved in social experience through their part time job. This experience is very important since they can learn how to cooperate with others and how to deal with diverse situations. For example, when I worked for a sandwich store, there were six coworkers with me and we always had to get along with each other to achieve our goal. Of course, we had some difficult time sometimes since our opinions always had differences. However, we went through all of the problems together and after six months, I felt like I made a great social network as well as work skills. Second, part time job has positive aspect in that students can realize how important earning and spending money appropriately. Since many students have been supported by their parents for a long time, they cannot plan their spending well and it causes a lot of problems such as overspending. Therefore, earning money would be a great chance to understand how to manage their own money. In fact, one of the surveys said that over than fifty percent of parents answered that their children changed in spending money after their part time job experience. To conclude, it is very important for college students to get involved in part time job to get social experience and get to know how to manage their own money.


Getting a part time job can be helpful for getting a better sight for one's life. Especially in college, getting a part time job such as working in a convenient store, serving people in a restaurant and assisting an expert may help students to understand how to make plans about their economic lives. They could realize the importance of money when they earn their money by themselves. Moreover, by getting part time job, they could know the way to solve the problem that they meet. They would meet many kinds of happenings during working. During this time, they should solve the problem they face. It could be the people who complain about their services, the student who won't follow their instruction, the babies cry all day long. None of the people around them would come to them for help. The thing they need to get better situation is to explain people about their problems. In other way, they could find ways in the books and on the Internet. By these ways they could create their own know how for their social lives. In addition, they could have the chance to be the person that they never dream. For example, imagine that you can be a sculpture. There's a part time job which finds a person who could not move for an hour. During this time one should dress up and sit down on the chair without any move. The person should be the sculpture. Like this, part timer could have interesting memories about their jobs sometimes. For these three reasons, I think it would be great for one's life to have a part time job. For college students, it may be the not only beneficial but also essential lessons for their life time.


I agree with this statement, it's essential that college students have a part time job. I have two reasons why I support that statement. First, College student learn that money is important and hard to make from experiencing their part time jobs. Before going to college, in Korean situation, many students might have never earned money. Most of them may not have certain concept about money. Making money by themselves lets them think about what money is and how they spend the money economically. It helps them to build the concept of economics and to learn how important money is. Second, Part time job is important in that it give the students chances of experiencing society in advance. Before becoming a member of society, they can learn what society is like and how they handle some problems from their part time jobs. In my case, I had been serving at a restaurant for 6months. From the experience, I've learned that I should behave and talk nicely to my boss although I don't feel like doing it. Also there wasn't an excuse for my mistake even if it's not all my fault. Having a part time job is very helpful to college student in that that experience makes them shape their economic standard and concept. It helps also them experience society before being a member of a society.


Nowadays, many students in universities do part time jobs. Most popular and common part time job for students is tutoring. However, other students have part time jobs like serving in a restaurant, delivering foods, and papers, and working in a construction place. There are lots of part–time jobs students have. Students do these jobs during not only vocations but, the semester. This is because the part time jobs are important for students as their studying. First, students earn money by having part time jobs. Some students receive money from their parents per month. Some other students earn all money they spend in a month. For them, part time jobs are very important to earn money for their daily lives. Also, many students spend money on their leisure time, their hobby, and their extra study. Second, students have social experience by having part time jobs. Before entering university, almost all students don't experience really society, which is getting pay, working for others. For example, if students work in a restaurant, they learn how one organization runs, and they make more acquaintances. Lastly, students have achievement by having part time jobs. For example, when a person has a tutoring job, and the student's grade is improved and the student becomes to feel happy to study, the person may have achievement by the job. For these reasons, it is important for students to have part time jobs.


Nowadays, many college students have their part time jobs. They have their own purposes for working, such as making the pocket money or paying for their tuition. There are also many students who don't work because of their studying. However, I think it's important for college students to have a part time job. First, being a college student suggests that one became an adult. An adult has to make his or her own income and pay for the usage. Although many students think that they should concentrate on studying, they are just laying their responsibilities on their parents. If one doesn't have a part time job, he or she has to get the income from the parents. Even if it's difficult to manage the whole outcome by having a part time job, a student has to try to earn the pocket money at least. Getting a part time job also enables a student to spend the life more comfortably. If one wants to have something for his or her pleasure, he or she will get it more easily by earning their own money. One doesn't have to request to someone else. In college lives, a student may have appointments with other students, or may have the unpredictable payment like giving presents or buying other books. Having a part time job makes one deal with the extra outcome, except the one necessary for a life, more comfortably. Some students may think extra things except studying make their studying harder. However, a college student doesn't spend time only studying. That's why many college students try to get their own part time jobs. Think of the other side of a life, and one will afford various parts of the life.


I extremely agree that students should have a part time job. I think part time job is super necessary for college students. In Korea, the money which is paid to register for college is too expensive. Our parents have some burden because of that, and they have to do some work for their children to enter the college not for them. It means our parents sacrifice something for us. It is acceptable when we are middle or high school students. But now, we can have a part time job, that is, we are able to earn some money. We can't afford to pay total register fee, however, we can help our parent to give some money. Or we should pay cost of meals, buy some clothing, etc. In Korea, students have some tendency to be helped by their parents. However, we are all adult who can decide their own lives. Therefore, we should have some part time jobs and make our own life by ourselves. It doesn't mean that we just earn some money. We should not only do things like that but also study our major thoroughly. If we make an effort to use times efficiently, we could be killing two birds (both money and grade) with one stone.


I believe that to have a part time job is important to college students for two reasons. First of all, a part time job can enable college students to become an adult for some aspects including a financial thing. So far, most Korean students are totally supported by their parents for every thing including pocket money. As we become a college student, however, we need to earn money by doing a part time job for pocket money at least. Because, to be a college student would mean an adult, students need to be independent and responsible for themselves. In addition, if they earn money, they would develop their thoughts and one of them would be an importance of money. This would prevent many students from wasting their money and make them use money relatively wisely. That is, a part time job would be a process of an awareness for the value of labor and money and therefore, make college students sound adults. Second, a part time job can broaden a prospect in experiences of college students. As most people know, there are many jobs including a part time job. To be specific, students could work at a cafeteria or a shop. Through a part time job, students could get valuable experiences as well as money from it. Moreover, if a part time job is related to what they major in college, they could advantage and exhibit their merits. With regard to experience, students could meet various people and make a personal exchange. Unlike school days in past, the range students face through a part time job would be vast. This would be precious and could be helpful for a job or a life later. Therefore, a part time job would be a meaningful social experience for college students.


It is important for college students to have a part time job for many reasons. First of all, they need to start their own economy life and having a part time job is the best way for them to learn the real economy. They can experience the toughness of earning money and learn the value of money. In addition, they can exercise how to plan for using money constructively. Secondly, having a part time job can teach them to be independent. Until graduating high school, most of the students depend on their parents, especially at economical points. However, they are now all grown ups and they need to prepare for their own life. Therefore, it will be a beneficiary experience for them. Lastly, being a employee will teach them about the responsibility. Having a job means a contract between a employer and oneself, so it'll give them a duty to do their work properly. Some people would against this idea, because there is possibility of neglecting one's schoolwork. However, I've said above, having a part time job will promote one's responsibility and independency; therefore, it will also give a good effect on the studying. In addition, they can learn how to plan their limited time properly. Because of heavy schedule, they won't waste their time. Moreover, spending lots of time in front of the desk doesn't equal to having a good grade. They can learn more precious values through this experience and they will grow to be fit people for the society.


Some people say that having a part time job is a waste of time for college students. They argue that a part time job can make college students waste time to study, and it also includes a lot of dangerous aspects. However, I disagree with this idea because not only does a part time job give college students some money which is needed to study and to buy what they want, but also it provides them with the experiences of living independently from their parents. Above all, a part time job provides college students with some money for living. College students need a substantial number of money because the tuition fees of colleges are increasing over and over, and the prices of textbooks used in colleges are also expensive nowadays. Unlike the argument that having a part time job is not helpful to study at all, spending a little time on part time jobs can provide money which is necessary for college students to study. Since college students are already adults, they should be able to make money for living, independently from their parents. If they do not try to get part time jobs, they cannot but keep depending financially on their parents. What is worse is that there is a possibility that this attitude can last for their entire life. To sum up, considering that college students are already adults who should be able to live independently from their parents, it is good for them to have part time jobs which can provide them with both money and precious experiences for their entire life. There is no doubt in that college students can have more responsible attitudes for their own life by having experiences of working for money by themselves.


I think that it is not necessary. Of course, it is good to learn about the society and work life before one graduate his or her college and go into the society. Students who have been in only schools can learn practical things about the society. They can meet various people, doing part time job, and it is also very helpful. Those kinds of experiences are very valuable. However, I think that if a student has no need to earn his or her pocket money or money for a living, it will be fine that he or she has no part time job. Without part time job, students can concentrate on their study which is most essential for them. They can meet various people and have various experiences through a variety of programs for college students or twenties. Maybe participating in such programs is more beneficial than doing part time job. For example, let us say a student participate in a group program which for practicing and experiencing marketing supported by an actual big company. The student will meet various people who have different background from his or her as a group and work with them. Also he or she will do meetings and researches and making marketing strategies, and so on with other group members like actual workers do. They can be guided by actual worker of the company. Through this, they can get actual knowledge, experience, and advise which is very valuable and not easy to get. In fact I have part time jobs, but I hope that I can take part in many programs instead of part time job. Because of part time jobs, I cannot participate in those kinds of programs well.


I totally agree with the statement It is important for college students to have a part time job. I have two reasons to support my argument. First of all, college students can receive valuable life experience from having a part time job. If they do not work and just study inside their schools, they will only have academic knowledge lacking any practical knowledge which can be useful when they take parts in the society after they graduate. However, if they gain experience as a part time worker, they will be able to meet various people and learn many things which can be only attained from real world experience. I personally have experiences working at a hotel and a café. I really enjoyed working there even though it was hard, and I learned a lot from those experiences. Next, college students who have a part time job can get money as well as valuable experience. With that money, they can help their parents financially because there needs to be a lot of money for their tuitions and allowances. Also, they will be able to learn the value of the money since they will eventually find out that it is really hard to make money. Moreover, they will learn how to save money efficiently. Because of these two reasons, I recommend having a part time job to every college student.


I am opposite side of getting part time job in the College life. I think periods of college are not appropriate to do part time jobs, especially if those jobs are included in the simeple labor. There are many kinds of part time jobs all around us. The money we can get from those also are of variety. For instance, there are tutors and staff in the restaurnat or store. Compared to other part time jobs, being tutor is very helpful to make money much more well. On the other hand, We can get little money by serving in the restaurant and being in the counter in the store, Those things are very simple so I think it cannot give a meaningful experience. I doubt if it is worth investing our time in doing them. At that time of doing those things, we can do much more productive things. Were it not for the situation of having a hard time to make a living, I strongly maintain that we should do much more creative and desirable things instead of simple labor. . Before the graduation of college, it is important to broaden our experience and diversify our way of thinking. Earning money is not our priority. We have to deeply explore the academic world and do a volunteering or community work. We have to discover our hidden potential or dream I really want to do. Depending on them, We can make our specific porfolio to develop our potential and come true our cherished dream.


First, college students have to earn some money to pay for the college's tuition. But the tuition is very high. Tuition of National universities and colleges is except situation. But the other colleges' is so high that students can't be enough to pay it. For example, a semester's tuition of famous Universities in Seoul is about 4~5 million won. Second, College students need to various experiences about many jobs before getting some full time jobs. Getting a job is important. But after that, doing something in a company is more important. For that, we have many skills. Students never have skills one day, only through doing again and again. If we experience various part time jobs, we have more skills. So it is good for getting a job. Internship courses of many companies seem to be a good part time job. During the courses, Students keep their position. In this situation they take some projects and earn some money in the companies. At the end of the courses, executives of the companies decide to take some students for their spare worker. In Korea, POSCO has the course. Third, when students have a part time job and work it, they are able to think about concept of money and consumption. Through part time job, they earn their own money and learn and think about concept of money And then, they can plan and consume something with the money. That course is meaningful for students.


Now, it becomes impossible to imagine college students whose lives would be restricted to only school work. Many students have to take a part time job in order to simply continue their studies. Although all students have different reasons of having extra work after school the two can be considered the most common. First of all, the tuition that students have to pay per semester is becoming extremely high not considering many other expenses students have deal with in their everyday life. Most of them usually make ends meet trying to simply survive. Another most widely known reason of having a part job lies in students' desire and need to expand their knowledge in the field of their studies. That's why many of them are working as interns in order to gain an appropriate experience that would be necessary in their future profession. In doing so, students, who cannot be considered novices, try to realize their theoretical knowledge that they have learnt at school through practical things. After all, it can be said that taking part time job students are able to kill two birds with one stone, first, to earn money to satisfy their living expenses, and, second, broaden knowledge in the field of their studies that make it part time job is one of the prerequisites of successful school life.


Is a part time job important for college student? I think it is important for college student to get a part time job. When we come out to the world, there are a lot of things we couldn't experience before. Part time job can give us the opportunity to do new things. Of coursely it is important to study his or her major subjects because it is directly linked to their future job. But usually the thing we can learn in school is restricted to the only knowledge. Sometimes, by working in part time, we can newly interested in some things; teaching students, making coffee, and serving or checking in restaurant. I think all these experiences are linked to someone's future life and it will help them someday. Also, part time job enhances responsibility. Society is different from school life because the work is linked to money and relationship between people. We can learn the importance of promise between people and the way to keep good relationship with others. In these kinds of view, I think part time job is helpful for college students.


I think that a part time job is important for college students. Maybe a college students who doing part time job is very busy, so he or she is not enough time to study and get a not good grade. But doing a part time job is have lots of good thing. The part time job is give a chance to experience. The experience at the part time job is helpful to know one's aptitude. And later when he of she is choose his or hers profession, that is very helpful. We don't know about career well. We just learn theory of major. So we know the theory but don't know how to use the theory in job. A part time job is able to desolve that problem. You can use your theory in work. And a part time job is increase the independence. The biggest reason of doing a part time job is the make money. If you make money to part time job, you can financially independene of your parent. Maybe the pay is very little. But you feel very proud of you because you make money by yourself. So I think a part time job is very important for college students.


I think a part time job can be needed but is not important for college students. Of course, it is a way to earn their own pocket money for college students. Also students can experience a lot of social activities previously and know many people through a part time job. However, the most important thing to college students is study. Unlike high school, college students have to study their major further and spend more time for studying. According to college life, their job and future life is determined. But a part time job takes much time and stamina. So a part time job is bad thing for hard study. For example, my high school friend who did a part time job had little time to do homework. Sometimes she slept in class because she waked up all night for doing homework. Her grade was not good in the middle term examination. Also students can earn their registration fee by scholarship. Recently, most universities have many good scholarship systems in school or out of school. So they can get lots of chances to make money by scholarship in many ways. Although a part time job give some money, studying hard has much more advantages. Therefore I disagree that a part time job is important for college students.


