Frequently, employers will exclude certain groups of employees from participation in a retirement plan. These might be groups of employees located in a certain plant or state. Half price tuition protests if the community abuzz. Our College students back to my drives is formidable enough level of tuition. Registration cracked college student's half price tuition: pushing much earlier to float above the college tuition college student's work part time as a field. College student's work part time to the degree of autonomy for survival than it is drastic is akin to a wiggle. These college students ggobneun best part time is right and many others. Need time to prepare, but compared to the general part time hourly pay is Center is pretty good on the flexible schedule time to study. (www. gawemaster. com)는 Tutoring industry no. 1 steady the extracurricular save site and innovation. 50 million members the tutor teacher and tutoring student connection between. In addition, the tutoring industry only all students and to determine whether the addition and then provides the correct information, from repeated inaccurate information, and so on shortcomings, and complements a 100% reliable tutoring site is the location of the. So We can find part time. Thank you for listener.


I'm all for part time job. Todays, Most of the students are having a part time job because they can't live with pocket money of their parent. And we don't have enough money to go to university. Entry money is so expensive, too. So we cannot but having a part time job. I have a part time job, too. If the entry pay will be low, We don't have to get a part time job. But, now. The entry money is expensive. so poor students should have a part time job. And It will help to raise an independence. While we are having it, we can earn some money for myself. For an example, it will be good to have such experience of working at a store, when they want to open such stores. However there is demerit of having jobs that is accumulation of stress. Because we cannot earn much money in a short time. Finally, if you have a dream what you want to do, you can choose the right part time job. So you can experience it before you come true your dream. So I agree to have a part time job in the univ. Accordingly, I made my position to agree with this idea.


I completely agree this statement. I have totally four reason that agree this statement First Variety part time job is serve our experience For  example if I were work in convenience store, I can learn ability king, good smile and good greet or If I were work in A factory, I learn patient, understand that how appliances are made by the Factory. Etc. we can receive many variety experience by doing diverse part time job. Second if I were variety work part time job, I can find fitting job or major. For example I work at institute for my money, but fortunately I can find my job by working institute that teach for student. Then I can decide my dream. Also I can endeavor for my dream and I don't need to wander not any more. Third I can know valuable and concept of money. If I were hardly earning the money, the money is very priceless. Therefore I can't expense the money. I try to save the money and know my parent's difficult earning the money Finally Steve job's said "Connect the dots". So I challenge variety part time job's that surely someday help to me Consequently I assert that Part time job is need for college student.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have three reasons why it is important. First of all, In order to maintain their livelihood. There is many students who under difficult. We can't live if you do not eat something. If there is no energy, no life can live. Second reason is conversation skill. It is very important because we need social skill in social. We should talk to other people what you need. It will learn from real life rather than learning. I believe that this help to prove this skill in Part time job. When it is important you do not tell, cannot get what you need. You can continue to say that the opportunity is at part time job. And last reason is Univ. Major. I hope that if you want to have a part time job, consider what your major is and what kind of part time job will help us. For example my case, my major is English literature. To study English and to level up my, I will find kind of part time job which is related English. As these reason, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree. I have many friends who are having a part time job. They often work around a university. In particular, they go to there after finishing the lesson. I do not have experience which works a part time job. Nevertheless, I believe that college students need to work specially during school vacation. Because, First, A part time job offers students importance of money. They will get money through hard suffer. Therefore, they will use little money and save money. College students usually spend drinking and enjoying friends so, they use money easily. It can intend to save money from the wastefulness. Second, students are receiving a lot of money from their parent. Especially, registration fee is very expensive but many students obtain their parent. If they get money to use their personal expense, parents will think a hard feel. Accordingly, students need to make the money to use on their own. Last, students get a priceless experience through a part time job. After graduate from college, they will work at company and occur many things at their company. If they have a part time job, they obtain a new opportunity before a true job. They can learn about their key contents and factors in advance. It is main thing for college students to have a part time job.


I agree that it is important for college students have a part time job even though I have never worked at a part time job. Nowadays, most of college students have to spend a huge amount of registration fee to study in university. The price of registration fee is approached almost \400 500. However, they don't have any ability to pay this. So, their parents have to shoulder the entire costs instead of them. If students work at part time jobs, they would lighten their burden. I think it is also one of the ways to help parents. The other reason why I agree on it is that it can help to gain a lot of experience for students' careers. For employment, many companies demand lots of careers to students. It would be one of good experiences to have part time jobs. Also, students who work part time job can learn how to treat people and to do social life, like that. In addition, they can develop their personality like diligence, manners, sense, and partnership. That's why it is important for college students have a part time job. Some people worry about that it disturbs student's study. But, students belong to part time job have to control their time and strength themselves.


These days, many college students tend to stay at home without having part time job because of self improvement. Of course, this behavior gives them a lot of time that spend self improvement. However, I agree that college students have part time job. There are some reasons why I agree it. First, college students keep spirit of independence. For example, they endure hard duties for a month to earn the money. These processes encourage themselves and foster their independence. In addition to, the survey of student council shows that students who experience part time job have independence about four times compared with ones who didn't experience part time job. Second, college students are able to pay the school expenses. According to civic organization's survey, seventy percent of college students pay their registration fee in installments with the money to earn for themselves during vacation. Third, to have a part time job can make college students very organized and offer useful information. It is reported that employees who experience part time quickly job adjust to new environment compared with employees who didn't experience part time job. In addition to, college students who have part time job can obtain the information that help them find the job. For these reason, I highly agree that college students have part time job; spirit of independence, school expense, adaptability.


I totally agree with the idea of Topic A (It is important for college students to have a part time job. ) Let's see some reasons. First of all, it is a good and suitable way for college students who need to pay their tuition themselves. For example, one of my college friends has a part time job for her tuition. After finishing school, she goes to her part time job place right away. Secondly, we can have lots of experience about many jobs before we have our own job. For example, when we are college students, some students don't know what kind of jobs they want to have after graduating college, so having a part time job is a good standard for some students to think about what they want to be after graduating college. Thirdly, having a part time job is important for college students to have socialization. Of course, they can have socialization when they are in a college, but this is not enough for them. As far as I know it's very important to meet many kinds of people as long as one has breath, so they can meet many kinds of people when they have part time jobs. That's why it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree important for college students to have a part time job. I have many bases in my opinion. Almost college students don't go to school their house. They live near the college. It needs lots of money. Naturally, this life imposes a heavy burden on their parents. We offered many time by college. At left time if we have a part time job, less the burden your parents, and a part time job offer many experience. You can work in many kinds of occupation through part time job. You will meet many different people in a various working place. I think that's a most important thing. And a part time is possible to understand economic activities. Manage spend and income yourself. At first it is a hard, but in the running of time you will feel that's easy. It's a practice your future social life. I think a part time job have a many mercy. You don't spend left time another thing, have a part time job. I recommend go out to library and working do not study everyday every time. It's a greater help than library life to you. It gives many things to you. It's a hard to work, but it doesn't disappointment you. I'm confident it.


In my opinion, the economic situation is difficult to work part time students will be indispensable. Matter because the house itself is a hard earned huge fees for students who attend because a little boon. Hard earned money to own most of the school year students eager to look at. I go to school one day, earning fees that will be the day when it comes to part time job. Difficult, difficult shot, but I've been a lot of strength as a higher chance of success will Oh, and a part time job for these people to learn how to treat you like you just write to my parents who receive money, Graduated from the University of employment and employment in today's tough to jump on wires based on things I did say at the University of hardship, only to come out, but rather that whatever seems to work hard and be successful. Attending high school and vocational high school students who work part time study at that time, look in the future, more thought would be fine while working part time experience, more difficult to succeed, students have attended it seems that it hits mi. think poverty is now at home part time students who only work part time try at least once, even when the wealthy family seems to be a good thing.


The present age, mostly college students do part time job. Because one's family difficult circumstances; one's family reasons or College's tuition is very expensive. But it is a very important job experience. If only a part time job only for money is a very difficult thing. The many college students was good enough job to afford it, or was to gain previous experience, Part time due to life's lessons and experiences that are more than worth the money. So, I think of course it is true that college tuition is too expensive to absurdly. The college Students without money cannot be loved to study. So, because part time job maybe Study could reduce the time to be sold on. If so, we have unlimited potential to find a student fails. I think importance of part time job, Students to grow mentally, can be a very good experience. But, it's Money can be drawn is not going to. From school to read books to study part time study because of non life So, Reduce tuition fees for part time and life experience, rather than the concept of making money can be done is will have to make a foothold. Part time work is not bad to do that completely.


Many student work part time job for their pocket money, tuition or practical experience. But I have never been part time job because I strived to concentrate on my studies during the semester, I got certified during vacation for police exam. Most of people think that I really grew up pampered for that reason. On the one hand I can think like that but I feel sad about inexperienced part time job. I think that part time job is important for practical experience. Through the part time job, we can make more personal connection and feel teamwork and learn rules of courtesy towards all adults. The experience will serve to oil the wheels of social life. Some say the part time job can interfere with studies but I think that part time job for practical experience in the future is more important than studies. If I have chance, I really want to do a part time job. So I want to learn a sense of economy which is the best bang for my bucks. Besides I want to learn a way to treat another human being. And then I will be able to take a step forward for entering the workforce.


To work and study 1. You will have enough money to gain higher education and, thus, achieve your dream. 2. You will gain a very important experience, working with people, which you will not be able to gain in a college/university. 3. You will have an opportunity to hold a good post in company you work for as a part time employee. 4. You will learn to manage your time effectively. 5. You will understand what it means to be independent from your parents or anyone. And, of course, you will learn what real life is, and what to expect after graduation. Most students cannot even imagine what they will face in their real life. Not to work and study 1. Sometimes people forget to study, and their part time job absorbs them completely. You should remember that your study is the most important. 2. Of course, you will have less free time than other students. But this can be good as well you will be earning money when your fellow students will stupidly spend their parents' money. 3. You will not be able to join all those societies. Do you really need all of them? But you will be able to focus on those activities you really need. Of course, you will have more points which depend on some features of your life, but these points need to be thought over for you to make the right decision.


I agree. The reason for this is. First, it is their personal reason. I felt university student is so much time. But they didn't use their time. They consume time on play. And they not managed time well. That is they waste of time. Second, university student is spending a lot of money. Need a lot of money, but Allowance is a fixed, Expenditure is more than allowance. University student is not minor. So themselves need to be managed, Must take responsibility for their actions. If you need anything more than that It should buy their earned. I have also acted. Third, it is opportunity to Social experience in advance. Entered the University, after graduating from high school, the first experience Social Life is so difficult. However as experience is more understand in community. So am I, working part time job social life is difficult, and I felt that it is difficult to make money. On the other hand I felt making money is fun. And I felt Interested in work. So part time job is not must do, but I think it is maybe a little need? In my experience, part time job is feeling the importance of money. And it will save you money. This is our proverb same. No pain, no gain.


I'm agreeing for this topic. Too hard to find a part time job, many people find a part time job. These days a lot of high school students do part time job, so university students is not easy to find. Therefore, a long time to find part time job and we can find we want work for aptitude. Anyway part time job is so important to us. Especially when compared to interns. If you want employee you are very hard working every day. That means interns changing employee probability is very low. But what about part time job? Anyone ever will know if part time job. You can't never ever see the future. But if you find your compare one hundred percent satisfaction part time job to you. That is chance maybe fifty fifty chance. Anyway if you can find part time job, you will think one more time. Most of parents if they children want to the part time job, Maybe almost parents to tell disagreed nuance Anyway But I think we're university students that means almost completely grow adult, so part time job give it to us some help. First, Part time job is a part of social experience and monthly save money, if you want independence you must have experience in save money Second, if you save a lot of money your parents don't care almost everything that is important thing. Third, you will meet new people, i can make book on meet because that is very amazing you know just simply part time job Had relationship of boggles the mind.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job? I perfectly agree. Today's tuition is so expensive more than you think. The prices are fast increase now. So what should we do? Do we borrow money to parents? It is limitative action. We must earn money ourselves. May be we can't pay school expenses. Cause they're too expensive. But I think we can earn our allowance. A month allowance that one person use is about 30, 0000won. It's a quite a lot of money. And it's also you can get to money from part time job. Just spend your 5 times than you can get it. Many people say if I have a part time job, I won't have time to myself! yes. It is important to have time to myself. However, you think a little bit differently. If you have a part time job, you will learn many things. First of all, you know that culture of society. You can learn how to serve the people, and manners. You meet a lot of people. Some are kind, generous, others are rude, no manners. You may be embarrassed to the latter. But it's the chance, you get over the difficulties. So have a part time job is important.


In my opinion, a part time job for students is need to student itself. Because Job have a role for students to make realize the actual of social. As you looked, some students sometimes think university and social romantically and simply. Social is not imagine and recollection. It is actual and facing subject. So, I think that every human should be needed to experience many conditions. Job is one of condition. As we have a job, we can think about complex structure of sociality and realize the actual. We find easily a part time job for student anywhere. A part time job contributes to many an advantage for students. Firstly, it makes the right material to establish management. By the establishment of the right materials management and waste of the students learn The habit of saving is closer to the students of this enormous impact on the future of These things which can be obtained through the season of student's a part time job will Think. Secondly, a part time job is important to form student's independence. I think that Independence is most important to human life. It is a job that can exist when you have to think. Therefore, I think that students with a part time job through their pockets of Independence has learned the basic process. Having learned the basis of the process, Students have to live in society, ""His life is his design, "" gives you a clear idea. For this reason, I agree that students are working a part time job


I disagree with the topic A. In my opinion, there are several losses of part time jobs. These days, a lot of students have part time jobs. I don't think, however, it is a good idea for students to work part time while they are going to school. First of all, education is difficult and complex. Doing a part time job can deprive of their study hours. They have less time for study in comparison with other ones who don't do a part time job. To learn and get good grades, students have to study hard. They have to get up early to attend classes, and do their homework at home. It seems to be easy, but it is busy and hard. If students are working part time after class, they are going to be tired, so it impacts on the next day. A part time job might interfere with concentration of study. They may feel tired easily and therefore, they can't concentrate on study. Also, they may feel asleep easily in class. After all, it causes lowering of efficiency when they study. Third, they might lose interest in their life. Other students who don't have a part time job have time for decreasing stress of study. But they have no time for enjoying their life.


I disagree on college students to have a part   time job. The essence of college student is to recognize the talent and individuality of each student and to develop him or her. Therefore Students have to just study hard But nowadays many students have a part time job. What they want to have a part time job? Most of the students supply themselves with money for their pleasures. And they give up to pleasures and entertainment. Eventually they didn't save any money so they cause a vicious circle. A number of other people commented that have a part time job is support to their society life but I disagree on comment. Because student had to work during the daytime and study at night. So they're ruined their college study by part   time job. Of course their didn't have enough money to attend college. They work part time job to pay for tuition but I think most of students in the college is not poor. So I think that most of students study hard more than have part time job. As mentioned above student is to recognize the talent and individuality of each student and to develop him finally it behooves students to study.


A saying goes, "you should faithful to own your work. " This means that students don't need to earn money during school days. Thus, I'm in favor of the idea that it has never been important students to be a part time worker. It's because students have a right to enhance their ability. Moreover, enjoying college life is important part of students' lives as well. First of all, spending a lot of time with improving talent is the most significant part of their lives. It's true that students who haven't worked during school days have better grade than students who have worked. For example, one of my friends got a temporary work, when she was sophomore. At that time, she couldn't concentrate on her study. Finally, she got the worst grade in that year. From those days on, she didn't try to searching for any part time works. Besides, enjoying college life should be helpful to improve student's commercial skills. That means that students can interact with their classmates as participation in many schools circles such as team sports, band groups and so on. Students can exclusively make a variety of experiences through group activities. A study has shown that students who have enjoyed their school life's can make more successful life than others. In other words, growing commercial skill might become a key to successful life. For all those reasons, I strongly support on the idea of developing not only your faculty but communication skills. In order to get better life in the future, they have to make a good time schedules. Life style of college life might determine their whole life.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. There must be different opinions over whether permitting the teenagers to work as a part time or not. Some people may claim that students' main job is to study and they are going to work in the future anyway. On the other hand, others will refute this claim by saying there are a lot things that students can learn working outside of school. Personally, I believe working in the teen age is beneficial for the following reasons. Working outside will provides opportunities to know one's interest to the youth. It is significant to know what one likes to do and is excellent at during teenage years because then, the student can make a choice of his major based on his interest when applying to universities and thus, what he will learn through college years will be helpful directly in his future career. In Korea, a number of people often get to work in a field which is totally different from one's specialized area. This is mainly due to the fact that college students realize their major studies are not really fit for their interest and what they want to learn for their jobs. This relatively late realization leads students to change their major in their junior or senior years and it enlargers their schooling spending more time and tuition. The worse case is that some people miss the time to change their field of study, gradate colleges, and try to find jobs that are nothing to do with their past studies.


There are many part time jobs. Every student has worked a part time job at least once for making their pocket money or any reasons. These days it is very difficult to get a job more and more in our current society. I think the part time job is helpful to us and our future. Because we can save money by making money for ourselves. My parents said people can know the value of money when they make money for themselves. In my case, I understand my parents' saying although I have not worked many part time jobs until now. For our future, we can have a social experience in advance before we get a full time job. We meet many people through the part time job so, we can find our aptitude. We can know ourselves better and decide our future job. Therefore, the part time job can be a first step for starting our real goal and we can experience many things that are bad or good in a part of our life. The more we work a part time job, the more we get many experiences and make much money. The part time job has a variety of merits.


I had a part time job It was a special experience. I can understand service through part time job. I recommended that part time job to do. Because, the more experience are a good asset. I did have a part time job in the wedding hall. Every day people face a new opponent was a fun thing. Working part time, I was able to realize my competence. Thanks to, I have a dream, and began to formulate specific goals Part time job that reminds me of myself Even a year old kid, a lot of experience would be appreciated. Extracurricular activities, part time jobs, volunteer work and just an example. Now all the things that are valuable experiences. Even now, it hard, when you think future will be good memories Should try many different things. If I have a chance, I would be serving on a part time job. When I people do selfless service, I feel very good. I want to learn and feel more experienced. Part time job can be a great asset. Use Holiday season, let's get the part time job. You can feel proud of the work. Also, Can learn the importance of money If not now, when would you feel the joy?


These days, many college students have a part time job because of their school fee, allowance, or experience. I think it is important that college students have a part time job for any reason. The most important reason is if they get a job after graduate school, students who had a part time job are better at social life than students who didn't have a part time job. I had a part time job when I was a sophomore during summer vacation. My job was ticketing so I deal with lots of people every day. It was so exhausted and too hard. I wanted quit the job at that time but I endure at the end. I think it's very good experience for me. If I don't have any job experience, and get a job after graduate, I just quit work even I have a little difficult. Therefore it's good experience to have a part time job for their social life. Another reason is for self reliance. High school students are just teenager but college students are adult. Adult is old enough to be on their own. They feel more good themselves if they earn their allowance than they depend on their parents. Therefore I absolutely agree that college students have a part time job if it doesn't affect their study.


Expensive prices like these days in the era of good jobs for students part time job is considered to be one. Tuition is expensive. So I work part time job. But the seniors said that if you study more hard, then you would get a scholarship. But the coming generations dislike that. Sometimes Parents give spending money to me but Parents abilities are limited. Therefore it has difficult to receive money. Because part time job is help a little. However part time job is very hard. So majority lack of sleep. It combines a study and a part time job has a bad influence at a school record Therefore the students choose a part time job cautiously. Many people have to have a part  time job for my tuition. Many adults, however, feel these after school jobs demand too much time and pull teens away from more important obligations, including school and family. So, I wish I benefit from the variety of schools. Then I hope cut fees. Is helpful to many students and parents. But I think accumulating a variety of experiences while you're still young, helps you in whatever you choose to do later in life. You should think carefully before making a decision. Thank you.


I didn't part time job, but I have worked in library from March in this year. I think it has advantages and disadvantages. There are three reasons. First, it has achievement when I received part time job's money. Part time job is very difficult and tired. But when I solved every work in part time job, I felt happy and achievement. Second, it can learn patience. When I was tired, I can't rest because of students who find a book and works. But I thought it should do. I can learn considerate mind and affirmative inclination. Third, it makes friends with the other school subject. I got along with my school subject's friends, but I make friends with the other school subject after I worked part time job in library. I am really happy and pleasure. However it has disadvantages. There are two reasons. First, it is really tired. I am so really tired because many works and students who find a book. Many works are cleaning the library and carrying books, arranging the books, and so on. I am exhausted by students who find a book because sometime they found a book that find difficult and they disarranged books. Second, it is difficult to have my leisure hours. After I came to work at home, I am really exhausted. I can't everything. Therefore, part time job feel achievement, but it is very tired.


Teenagers have no chance to get to know about this field in school learning English, mathematics, and Korean. To help the youth choose what they are interested in and will ultimately benefits to their jobs in the future, allowing them to work in the real world should be encouraged. Making money on their own in their early age provides educational lessons and merits ranging from gaining confidence, understanding of how market processes, realizing the difficulty of earning money and thus the necessity of saving. Getting paid for what they worked for can be a new kind of rewards of students especially those whose grades are always low. They will think even though they are not good at studying, they can be excellent at other fields being rewarded for what they put their effort. Understanding of hardness of making money and how it comes to them, the youth will learn economy and right consumption. Learning through working is more beneficial not only because some students do not like reading textbooks and taking lectures in classroom but also because knowing information as knowledge and understanding knowledge through experience is different. In this sense, letting Youngers get a part time job will be constructive experience. In conclusion, teenagers must be allowed to work as a part time if they are willing to for the aforementioned reasons.


Have you ever seen this situation? Part time job is just short time job. The job gives a small fee. The fee is just small, but student is good chance buying they want. I think that part time job is good experience. Many experience is helpful anyone's life. If chance work part time, you'd batter work. But if you are high school student, you don't work part time job. When do you real work, the experience give you variety help. That job is university student's work. This day's part time jobless seeking job. Many people seek job just older people. People who go to study go to English nation are part time job. Because that people learn English through part time job. Communicating the foreign people, they learn English. It is good method studding foreign language. So student who go to other nation, go the working holiday. There are a variety of part time jobs in the world for people. There are many advantages when in working part time. We think not easy to make money. So we save the money. I get to know that our parents are working hard for us as well. People are finding Confidence before social life.


Part time gateway to the college students seem to really go through. Because an adult has been receiving help from parents and society Rather than the work yourself because you think you need to experience. Although the concept of making money just to think differently, Different people an opportunity to experience and the opportunity To know the knowledge is innocent. After college, I passed one month Were part time job at a small hotel restaurant. Then Gyeongsang, Joelle, Chungcheong do and meet people from different Regions live in was able to talk while working together was a lot of thought. This experience allows me to do a lot of thought gave the high school is different From the experience of community that makes the actual experience was. I am the best 20 year old brother in their late 20s and 40, 50s uncle, aunt listened To the words of the feeling was trying to teach me many things. Thus only part time jobs rather than simply needed The money has already come out to society as a big girl just to try it, Think it's an experience. Learn, and cannot include parents or in home Education through part time job that you can learn something from Your parents do have the attitude of adults are independent And have responsibility for them as more enthusiastic people will be able to evolve.


I have ever had part time job. One year ago, I did that at convenience store In Daemon. When I worked in the store, I did my best. I cleaned the floor of The store, I washed the shells, and said Hallo to the customers kindly. First, I enjoyed the part time job, but later I didn't want to work anymore because I can't study for my university studding. So, I said the owner that I want to finish my part time job but he asked me to work more because he couldn't get new person promptly. I had to reject to work more but I couldn't. I worked continue and I couldn't study continue so my school point was been bad. After that, I realized that even thought important someone ask me really, if I have to reject, I must do that. Because, I will regret about that if I don't reject and I have to deal every results. After the part time job, I can do well other works more. I think it is important that someone get first part time job because the person will get a similar part time job before. I don't want to happen the thing to me so I do endeavor to get new part time job in the vacation. In this summer vacation, I will do help some teacher teaching young students. As my future job is teacher, I want to lean teaching skill.


In the past, and think a lot of part time job thought it was just envious. Community can gain a lot of experience, just like me no accident that s not a lie than to a person of independence or, in the sense of reality, because a lot of unknown. But feel as if there is one. But this is entirely accept that my part time job itself and accepted it as nothing more than that because you will not. Come on, I'm proud to a part time jobs, part time jobs simply do not recognize Do not only as job. The part time job to be the company's business may be fine for me, more and more that I try to be good for business and the signature of the company... I'm nice, good and the company... Take it easy and do not regard only as job simply, I think you let the part time job management. Accept it as an intern, and how the company had one more if I could get my money back? How can we do more effective marketing? how efficiently you could make more stuff? If you feel that the company management and, apparently, the feeling of satisfaction to him than the part time job simply will make you feel like.


Most college student work part time is a lot. Part time jobs have many advantages and disadvantages. Look at the advantages, first, without anyone's help to make independent economic activity is that it can. In addition, own economic ideas also seem to occur. So, Consumer Life can be so reasonable. And, as everyone knows, our country's college tuition and fees is staggering. This burden as well as our parents does the same. It reduces the burden on some part time job I think. And part time social life seems to be good because you can experience a lot in advance. Also, the money they can invest in their development. But there are also bad points. Personal time is reduced. To study hard or to meet friends may be difficult. And your body can get tired, or mental stress is. It's completely dependent difficulties in daily life by giving a school may cause difficulties. But, my personal opinion, Part time job during college life may be needed. Not only in the school is experience also important outside of school experience. Someday such experiences would be a good basis. Appropriate part time job helps a featured college. Importantly, how an individual is used varies depending on the results


What part time job? The original my job to get the additional income. I agree. At least once doing part time job who somebody. If home is not richness economically, everybody is only just doing it. Because tuition and pocket money. Of course, we want scholarship but Korea unit. is immoderate shortage of scholarship. Who doesn't want to receive scholarship? They not live on a part time job salary. Night and day they work but, they are impossible to make money. So, we want a raise in our monthly pay. Some college students want only attend in unit. nothing part time job and anxiety. In addition, there is a various purpose about part time job. What is the specific reason for working part time job? In a recent online site for part time to target college students were surveyed. The purpose of part time job is as follows:  For career related employment.  Raise tuition.  Allowance provides.  To enjoy a hobby etc... The unit. Lives one of the part time culture so, I think do not recommend that part time feedback unconditional opposition to think. College students as a culture of respect for having to work part time hope. For a part time doing students unconditionally, not negative, depending on the flow of society must change our thoughts.


I agree that it's important for college students to have a part time job. Having a part time job has many advantages. First, it can provide college students a chance to get the working experience before they graduate from colleges. In that way, they can successfully apply a good job in the future. They also can learn how to communicate with different people in the society. Because campus is as small as it is compared with society. Not everyone is polite and friendly to you. Second, having a part time job can make students know how difficult life is. Life is not easy, and making money is also a hard job. Therefore, they would not waste money and time. They would understand how great their parents are. Third, as an adult, it's our duty to earn money ourselves instead of getting money from our parents. We are no longer a minor; we have the ability to get a part time job. So why don't you have a try to get a part time job and buy everything you want Fourth, if you get a part time job when you are a college student, I'm sure your college life would be more interesting and wonderful because you are busier than other students. As a young man, you'd better learn more knowledge and experience as much as you can.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. Because they are protected by parents until now. But if they have a part time job, they will grow up person. They will realize that making money is very difficult and they will be frugal the money after this experience. Example, I had a part time for four month 3years ago. And I realized that making money is very difficult and exhausted. So when I spend money, I always think that it is needed. And I think a part time take the first step going into the world. They are not at the mercy of one and they must act according to the situation and they must be good relationship. They can learn caused by a part time job. And college students must meet friends or boy friend. But recently the price of the food is usually above 5000 won. And if they want to watch the movie, it is 9000 won. College students also like to drink coffee while talking but this coffee also more than 3000 won. So they are always short of money. But their parents cannot give a lot of money, so they should be part time job. So it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think I should get a part time job. We're College's tuition is very expensive I think. Not just my think, All of University student's think same thing. I think part time job is very important and good for students. Because part time job is to experience the social life beforehand enters the society. Students are working part time for his school expenses. Part time job can prove oneself to be useful. Part time job offer sound advice on a range of nutritional issues. Part time job can be a variety of social experience. Also part time job can make the sense of economy. If money burns a hole in your pocket, you'll never have any for emergencies. By so doing I make money. Through that I find the important of money. When I spend money, I will think one more before the spend. And I think it is an opportunity to develop one's own self than money. Through part time job I can find my aptitude which what can I do well. So I get my job that I like, enjoy and do well. I learned many things through the part time job. Don't miss out on an enlightening experience! Bye.


I agree. Because of college students are necessary to experience small social. And they have to have a concept about money. When I was young, "Why are they doing? That's just hard and difficult, also no funny. " I thought. But now I'm 21 years old, college student that studying for my great future. I realized that I need some money for buying something like book, note, clothes, shoes, transportation fee etc. and also an experience about social. It's very important to future. If all of college students no experience about part time job, they will be terrible at their work in the future. The reason is only this: they have no experience! For example, there are two girls: A and B. The A is very smart in their class and all of tests are A+. But she never do part time job. After she pass the "S" company which is very hard to enter. However, 5 years passed, she stills the end of her group. The others, the B girl become a good business woman. Cruz she has great ability of the transaction of business. [The origin never news discussion] That's difference point; part time job's importance when there're college students. Today, studying is not all. We've to accumulate various experiences.


I think that Part time job in life of the university is not good. But university student need money in university life so they work a part time job. In practice, their university tuition is very expensive and they need money in their university life it is difficult problem. I think about this problem so I think part time job is not good but we live in society that needs an experience. Those experiences in part time jobs will help us to develop us society experience. Therefore, we should actively participate in part time job. Sometimes thinking this problem, we seem to lose studying time. People speak university student should have to study. We know it. But university is still very expensive. We give parents a many tuition. We are adult now. We need to learn how to independent because you arrive at man's estate. Experience is important but we are adult so, we do not give damage our parents. Of course it is very hard. We will win the society. Part time job is important part to win our problems. Some time or other part time job helps us to adapt this society. Therefore, Part time job is very important for our university life. I think part time job will become a my good assistant


For part time job when I'm older children should think to do that once in a while. Because part time job to learn a variety of social and would love to learn to socialize and hang out because I think. Grasp the concept while working part time job without receiving money from parents to themselves, things have something to write and think proudly of money. One point is also useful as a part time job. Experience while working part time in the community through various moves us a little bit easier, and by When it later and could be good for him, the background. In addition, while working to meet many friends and relationships so as to widen the relationship you could take a little bit about. Experience and make friends and also be economically independent from their parents is good for a part time job, I think. Of course, as a part time job could done bad things donation. Throw alcohol buy cigarettes, but all part time students who are throwing everything they want to work part time for little things, and reduce the burden on parents to let things because that there should be no need to worry about so far are: I tried several times to work part time, but tired and wants to quit difficult situation at that time was many times. However, adding two days a month salary, yet I know how much I mean to buy a and I live there so excited and think that we do not receive a burden to my parents and became very hard to do things. Therefore important to work part time students often need to experience for you and feel that sometimes.


Choosing part time job is very important thing to student. I always think this question. Many students get a part time job using their summer vacation or winter vacation. Not only Doing in young age but also experiencing many things in society is good activity. To experience many things, many students invest their valuable time to get a job. However something to think about trying out the more important thing is real valuable. During summer vacation, one student serving beer or hoof too many guys. While he serving beer, he thought Like this 'Ha... Life is hard.' or 'selling hoof get a lot of money, later i want to be an owner pub' This is just to learn. 'Life is hard" later I want to be an owner at pub. In my case, I want to get a job like teaching or using my brain. Also I got a job like this. Last year I taught math to young student. It was very fresh experience to me. I never forget it. Young student loved me and I taught very enthusiastically. Student's parents said 'Thank you.' I said 'you're welcome' It was wonderful experience. This way, getting a job is important Through this experience I learned to meet other parents and how to look at young students. This processing was grown up me. I didn't know how to face to face other parents and young student. But l learned very hard and I recognized how to meet other people. So I think that getting a part time job is exactly helpful in their life. However Question of what is important to choose something.


In Korea, while most students attend schools without a job, some students have part time jobs. With the money, they do what they want, such as buying clothes. It is widely accepted that students should focus on their study, not a job. However, having a job has a positive influence on students First, students, at workplace, can learn what they cannot do in schools. In Korea, professors usually teach students only academic subjects, such as literature and physics. Even though these subjects are important in living a life, there are other important things, leadership or followership. In fact, it is difficult for students to apply academic subjects to social lives since these subjects are too theoretical. Therefore, after graduation, students who have not worked will have difficulty in dealing with their social tasks at their workplace unlike the ones who have had a job. Second, students can do various things with their money that they have earned from their jobs. Students with a job will make more money than their monthly allowance that they get from their parents. Parents do not give much money to their sons and daughters. Even if they give much money to them, students feel the lack of money. This is because they want to make up well and meet their lovers as well as go to trip with friends. Therefore, working at a part time job, students can do what they really want with the money. In conclusion, since having a job can give students various experiences as I mentioned above, it is a good idea that college students have a part time job.


These days, many college students have a part time job. Around me, my friends work part time job that they want to do. I think that the students do a part time job. Why they have to do part time job? I can explain two reasons. Firstly, it is good for students to have part time jobs because this helps cultivate independence among them. My friend, Seri, was afraid of contacting with strangers. So, I worried about her personality. I advise her to do part time jobs to acquire experiences from frequent contact with unfamiliar people. She sought for a part time and finally got it. As she worked it, she became more and more lightened and furthermore she was independent. Secondly, part time jobs can make the student's lives more colorful and is good for their personal development. In my case, I did part time jobs last summer vacation to go travel to a foreign land. So, I worked hardly to gratify my dream. In the end, I earned enough money to go abroad. So, I traveled to a country. In that place, I met various people, got along with them, and experienced their culture shock. Through its experience, I think a little more mature. So, I agree that students have part time jobs.


These days part time job is a part of life to university student. Because nowadays university tuition is very expensive. So lots of people hold protest about tuition. If tuition will be cheaper than now, most of university students can enjoy their university life. But in reality, it is too difficult. So we can just accept about reality. Now I want to talk about my story. I am fresher. But first tuition is about 4, 000, 000 won. It is my parents' monthly pay. It is very huge money. We feel sorry to my parents. So we try to do part time job. If we do it, we think we can reduce burden about tuition. So I tried to find out part time job but these days pay is very cheap. The minimum system said' you need to pay over 4, 300 won but almost shops give 4, 000 won to us for monthly pay. We know all about this but we just need money for tuition. So we just keep working. It's very sad reality. I think it must change soon. I want to reduce the burden about tuition from my parents. And may be lots of students of want to do be. I think story is going little wrong but I want to tell about reality problem and I want to know why I tell about tuition.


I agree with the question. I have four reasons. First of all, I think it is important for university students to experience before getting a job. For example, if students who are finished university get a job and have to hardly work, they cannot accurately work. That is because they have not enough experiences. In my case, Part time job is important to many university students. Doing part time job help more grow up man. And get a confidence. I spend waste money. So I always no money. Every day I have loan and sad mind. Near my friends, some guy never do part time job. And he provides all money from his parents. He spends money buying something. I lose memories with my friends. I was busy during part time job and I studied many things... I can't play with my friends. That was so sad. But I learned many things. My friends said 'you are very independence. I want to learn your ability.' I was very happy. I think I am growing. I was very shy person. But Through many experience about society I changed very activity person. I really thankful that. I can change. And I want to be a good salesperson.


In today's tough job market, you need more than just a degree to get a job. Significant work experience, along with good references from supervisors or co workers, proves to potential employers that you have the basic qualities which make a good employee. Dependability, responsibility, work ethic, and the ability to learn new skills. First, a part time job can help you pay for living expenses, including housing, food, books, gas, and clothes. Your parents will not be around forever, and so you have to gradually become responsible for all of your expenses. Keeping a part time job helps you learn to budget and handle money. Second, Working part time during college will build your character. You will realize that the world does not exist to wait on your hand and foot, and that if you want to get something, you have to give something first. In conclusion, holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management. Having a part time job during your college life would also be an experience that may come in handy later in life.


About students have a part time job? University student have a part time job is not only important but also necessity. Most of the Korean University student have part time job, because the tuition is very expensive. They paid amount of money for the tuition. Moreover if you live without your family, you will pay a lot of money. The cost makes it difficult for parents to afford the tuition. Some people said, "If you study hard, you will get a scholarship. Then, you don't work anymore. "However, theory and reality are different. What would you do if you don't pay to living expenses? You just say to your parent give me the money every day? In the end, the student who has a lot of time and well conditions will get a scholarship. Sadly, it is real. Nevertheless, they are burdened with a heavy dept.   named 'student loan.' They cry out against raising the tuition but the tuition increase every year. It is difficult for us. Now, have a part time job is natural   you work for your own money, cost of living, the tuition, whatever. We must remember why they have a part time job. That is why important for college students to have a part time job.


I disagree that college students must have part time jobs. People around me have experiences about part time jobs and they think it is important to get a job or live their lives. However, I think having part time job is not good for students. I do not have much experience about that and my parents think studying hard is better. Thus, I was not interested on, but my brother was not. He got a part time job in family restaurant as soon as he entered university. He devoted his hours to clean dishes or make food. He always worries about his grade, but he can't handle it because that work makes him tired. If he doesn't have to go to school, he must go to that restaurant and work at least 8 hours. I think it is terrible. Because of that, my brother's hands have a knife wound. Of course, earning money is important, but I think reading books or enjoy their own university life is more important. I also try to enjoy my life. I think after graduating university, people have to get a job and work, so we don't have to do part time job to have experience about jobs. I hope many students in Korea enjoy their lives to see movies, read books or enjoy their hobbies instead of working.


Part time job has been increased, getting important for society, especially for college students. Having a part time job among college student is important due to several reasons: 1) It offers experience for the future job 2) Student might be able to afford the college 3) Student might get the social skills. First of all, it is important for the college students to have a part time job because it might help them be experienced for their future job. Once they got experience, it would be benefit for applying the job as well as adjusting to environment of the job. For example, if some students want to be a nurse, it would be beneficial to get a part time job such as nursing assistant. Therefore, it's important for students to have part time job because it would make them be experienced. Another reason for considering part time job as an important thing for the college students is that the student might be able to afford the college. The students can afford the college by earning their cost of living and the cost for college. Then the burden for affording college would be decreased. Definitely, having part time job would be helpful to decrease their burden for affording college. The last reason for considering part time job as an important element for college students is that student might get the social skills. Social skills could be improved by dealing with lots of clients or customers and those strong social skills are significant. Student would get those skills by having part time jobs. To conclude, having a part time job among college student is important due to several reasons: 1) It offers experience for the future job 2) Student might be able to afford the college 3) Student might get the social skills.


I strongly agree with this and feel need. Especially in Korea, the tuition fee is very higher than the other countries and the parents obviously can't afford it easily at once. What is more, the students have an ability to live their own life by themselves. They are adults. Of course, it's difficult to work all day taking classes. And now, I'd like to explain why it is important to have a part time job. Firstly, it doesn't need much time, disrupt university life during vacation, or your rest of time except for class, you can work without disrupting your study because you can choose the time you want to work. It's an advantage for students. Lastly, these days, many companies want you to have many previous jobs before they give you a position. They want you to be adapted to the position easily. So, it means that you can make experience which can be benefits for the future as well. Besides, if you have certain ability, For example, if you can speak English well, the pat time job in restaurant near where foreigners live will give you the chance to practice or enhance it. This is why I think to have a part time job is important for students.


Many people say that students focus on study reasonably. Instead of earning by part time job they say to get scholarship. However, my thinking is different. Part time job during school days can not only help a person much financially but also develop oneself. First, it can help students in financial difficulty. Nowadays college tuition is very expensive and there are many students who can't pay tuition. Scholarship is limited to the minority and very difficult to get. Even if it's received, what you can do for living expenses? Doing a part time job for 3 4 hours a day after class can make us earn a monthly living cost. It helps to the financially difficult students and those who want to earn pocket money. Second, it can give experience that can't be bought by money. In fact, I've done part time job during last school days. Although it was difficult, it was worthwhile. Many people told me, ""You become sensible. "" As such, it can give lots of experiences while meeting various people. It makes me look back upon selfish mind and hold the heart of caring others. Doing a part time job should be experienced as a college student, I think. People in the countries such as USA, Canada and England become independent after entering college. They are so independent that they pay for tuition and living with their earning. Therefore, we are to abandon prejudice, ""Students should study only. "" Doing part time job helps student for self development and independence growth.


It is important part time job for university student. These days, the university registration fee is so expensive. Most of students think intolerable without part time job. This is reason that I have to part time job. During summer vacation I worked in fashion store. The task is so hard for me. But I need its salary. And part time job is helpful build our broad experience. While I work at store, i met the numerous people. Sometimes rude customer had come to store, I was upset their incomprehensible action. But in the service industry, clerk always serve the customer kindly. So I should bear it and make a smile. I learned about customer service and build a good human relationship. This is a lesson to me for society. Lastly, I feel a sense of accomplishment in my part time job. This is positive change in my life. When I worked well I feel exciting and it give me self confidence and energy. I realize that working time to be fun! Living expenses and extensive experience are essential to university student and sense of accomplishment change the student. For this reasons, I agree that part time job is important to university student


I agree. Youth for the passion and ambition and a dream life. At this time more comfortable and easy, we should really think hard and be tired and adventure. Wise eyes see the world becoming so hard to know what is easy, knowing you would be happy to know. All 20s have big dreams. The dream for all the support will do. So before we go out in society I would like to try things. Do not learn in school will learn life skills or experience. But more important than what I snow apart time work experience matters more than money to get to know that. Front view looking at the money that he wants to have the experience to believe than buying. We are undergoing trials and sufferings will be an adult. We cope wise you're going to lead us to only a small mistake. I love the young. Challenge to try and painful period is probably time. We know. Length ahead of upcoming knows that in a society where we experience challenging and made me have to go. So, I agree. Looking back, the connection is always dreamed and always curious to see what the youth think that you need to feel. I always want to be a talent for the country. Therefore need to love history and culture, I think. In order to develop the country got a lot of thought I have been able to do. I want to do what I always think that the experience of all. To do this, first thing in the dream and experience should be selected. Thus, the dream of his to challenge for the think is a part time work for young people.


Maybe part time job is not familial with Korea students. I also so. However I think that part time job is a good experience. When I was a high school student 3 grade, I was doing a part time job. Then I met many people and I feel not good. Because guest is not good, work is very hard and it made me very tired. I did not know that time is priceless experience. But I know now that after I graduates college, and I enter society "world" it will be an experience. Therefore I think like this. And doing part time job is realizing money' importance. I do not know exactly because of part time job' experience. Spending money, I think one more time. My personality will be one cause but I think part time job experience. Doing like this is a good deed. So part time job is worthy of experiencing. I was freshman and young yet. So I and did not experience many time. But If I have a time I want to do part time job. I think this experience is good. My parents might say that study hard in that time. Because they want to concentrate study.


I agree this essay A. College student free time and easy to part  time job. Actually I have a part time job. During my free time I have a job every weekend. Part time job is no burden and good allowance earnings without parents help. Generally people think needlessness and no study time about part time job. Part time job is not only earned money but also study hard. Many college student's big worry is study grade and then money problem. So student need job. Student enjoys university life without worries. Kind of Part  time job is various. For example, study English part time job is killing two birds with one stone. While study English, earn money. In my district, English private educational institute is located at dunsandong. In English private educational institute, many student work short time. Named step manage internet lesson and teach other people. With study English, earn money. Step part time job is best job for student. Another job for student is English lesson interpretation part time job. People think that job is no good but student need job in short period of time. Find a good job! Work rather than couch potato in home without action. If were a part time job person, you have funny experience. University Student has a many experience with various job. With correct money, I buy thing what I want. Work part time job rather than only study hard. According to my experience, I work every weekend. I study my major and English except for my work time.


In the modern society, many collies gee students tend to get a part time job and actually get a part time job. Some people think that the reason that student's stork is to earn money for their leisure, but students can learn more about the actual society through their part time jobs. Part time job is necessary for college students' carrier because it is a first step for students to get into the actual society. They need to practice what they are going to do in their near future, which comes right after graduation. Although part time jobs are not exactly related to carriers that students want, it still gives experience in school. Students learn skills, which colleges do not teach them, from their part time job. Also part time job can be continued as students' carrier when students are not sure about their future and feel that their part time jobs seem good for their carrier. Part time jobs do more than just letting students earn money to spend. It gives students opportunities to take independent roles in the society and to make themselves more suitable for their future career. Moreover, to pay the high tuition, students need to earn money for their parents'.


Nowadays, we're College's tuition is very expensive I think. Not just my think, All of University student's think same thing. Part Time Job is very important thing of our Life. Because we should pay college tuition. But we don't have enough money, so we earn tuition. As a result, university presidents of Korea are like Money. They don't think student's grim realities of life. Now In Seoul, Some University Students demonstrated against the government Or President of University. I marched as in a demonstration of support. Lee. The Korea presidents said presidential election pledge. One of them for this pledge is a half price of University/College Tuition with no strings attached. But Lee. Don't keep his promise. It is natural for They to get angry. I'm upset too. All University students have a same mind and heart. National universities led the increase by raising tuition 41. 8 percent over the past five years, the NSO (National Statistical Office) noted. I don't look so bright of Korea's University. At this rate, All of Poor University's students are hounded by themselves creditors. It's an illogical conclusion. So we prepared our future's Home, Car, Family and Descendant. In conclusion, I agree about the Part Time Job for Our livelihood. At the present rate of progress, Korea's national power will be decline. All I care about is feeling complete is Our National Power. Thank you.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. I agree on this topic. College students have a part time job. That is important. Because college students don't has a lot of money. And, college students must pay for tuition. What is it helps to part time job? Most college students receive allowance from parents. But it is not enough. And, most college students need the money for you. So, college students make of the money. And, part time is making of the money. They can earn money by work. Part time job to do various experience. First, College students need a social experience. Because, college student are graduate the university. And, College students have a job. So, it is ahead of the social experience. And, part time job is tells important of money. Also, it tells about the value of money. It is difficult to make money. But, it is easy to spend money. Because of this, part time job knows valuable money. Finally, it will be helping the self improvement. It is helping the talent improve. And, it is helps the career choice. Part time job is experience help in career. So, College student's to have a part time job is ok. As a part time job, they can get more experience and money. Therefore, I agree on college students to have a part time job.


I agree this statement. Of course, No student has to have a part time job, but I think a part time job is important. Especially, if it is a college student, that's good for pre experience about society before, they graduate school and work for company or something. It's not necessary but it can be sufficient condition. Also, a part time job gives different experience. It reminds to Communication between person and person, worth about money, and etc. However, a part time job is necessity stuff for person who needs money. I heard about US, people in US, they have to have a part time job when they 18 years old. Because their parents want to give some importance about money to them. I actually, do not have any part time job now. But I did, I've had and felt importance about money and appreciation for my parents. Of course, I met worst and good people in the world and I felt this world is never easy to live. But because of that experience, I could live in the wild world. It's so rough and dangerous and also not easy, but these experiences will make us stronger. That's the reason I think a part time job is good for student, especially for college students.


Many students had a part time job because they need to money. These days, we country is raising prices. And school expenses, pay for the house, etc. They need to a lot of money. There are many advantages and disadvantages. First, you can buy things that you want to buy is without your parents. If you are older, you cannot depend on parents. You getting old, this is too difficult. But if you are working now, this problem is nothing. Because you get the money. Second, you can experience more before you go out in society. We do not see a lot of experience before we go out in society. But if we have a part time job, we do more practical experience. And we know society earlier than others. However, there are more disadvantages than advantages. First, if you have a part time job, you are tired. So you cannot study hard. And you work hard more than homework and study. Second, Part time job makes you tired. So you cannot study hard. And you work hard more than homework and study. Second, Part time job makes you tired. These advantages and disadvantages had more to lose than gain. Students are studying hard. But if you have part time job, you cannot study.


I think a part time job is very important for college students to help in completing our daily needs and college's administration, more jobs we can get as private teacher, shop assistant, and etc. Because, to have a part time job can make us become independent. A part time job, it can help us to spend spare time, because the lecture does not always full time. Sometimes there is also a lecturer who was unable to attend, so we have a lot of free time that many if not used properly. But we must pay attention to our health. We still have to learn from the work concerned. But more than time is free, until we should be clever content time free by a part time job. But more people disagree about its important for college students to have a part time job, because it can disturb study for college student. Some people have an opinion about its important for college students to have a part time job, because we can get the money not science. That study is more important than a job, because we needs awake healthy, but opinion for college students because time is busy. It's well that free time. It's depends us to repair our time to make it balance between work and study.


I personally will vote against part time job. Part time jobs usually experience a lot of people, and people can experience a variety of social and economic independence from their parent's proficient some. Ranging from a terrible imposition on the easiest thing one day and know the importance of money and gifts for their parents in making money, their clothes, women can use significantly from a friend's anniversary gift. However, there are many disadvantages of part time job. Tied only to part time classes are too easy to become unfaithful to the trial period, if such becomes insufficient time to study. In addition, in some cases, in a dangerous part time job for the money lining his pocket with a few extra dollars can be hurt. For example, construction sites, work part time, part time restaurant kitchens, factories, etc. , such as part time part time jobs are very dangerous. Part time work is assumed to be at the mercy of his own. If someone is also good for managing credit while working part time, while the main business by becoming part time job. There are many credit if I do not manage this well will be adjusted. Part time job because it is not a profession. Part time work is a means. Never, part time jobs should not be a slave.


Now a days, Many college students have a part time job to earn money. Some of my friends work at restaurant or tutor as a part time job. I think that it is important for college student to have a part time job. There are some advantages of having a part time job. First, We can feel the value of money. Actually, we don't know the value of money, because our parent gives us some allowances. But by doing part time job, We can earn our own pocket money. Besides, We can realize how hard it is to make money. Second, We can meet various people during part time job. It will be great experience for our social life. Furthermore, It may be helpful to choose our job. On the other hand, There are also disadvantages of having part time job. It demands too much time. Some student do poorly at their college life of part time job. It also influence our grade. In fact, I don't have a part time job in this reason. but I will have it during vacation. If we do it on weekend or vacation, It does not matter. In conclusion, By doing part time job, We can gain a lot from it. It will be a good experience to our life.


These days, a lot of students have part time jobs. On the Internet and newspapers, many companies are looking for students to work for them. I don't think, however, it is a good idea for students to work part time while they are going to school. I also don't think it is necessary, because parents support them and pay for their expenses. In addition, having jobs has some negative effects. First of all, education is difficult and complex. To learn and get good grades, students have to study hard. They have to get up early to attend classes, and do their homework at home. It seems to be easy, but it is busy and hard. If students are working part time after class, they are going to be tired, so it impacts on the next day. It will have negative effects on studying: they won't concentrate, and they will even be able to doze in class. Finally, it will impact on their grades. Next, having part time jobs interrupts a student's home life. Nowadays, family time tends to decrease. In addition, having work incites this phenomenon. For example, if a student has work after school, he can't have dinner with family. It means that students don't have enough time to spend with families. Finally, if a student works part time, he may miss out on the fun of his life. He won't be able to play with his friends and enjoy his own spare time. In other words, if a student spends time on working, he can't enjoy his life. I think that a period of students is the freest time except studying. This is because their parents pay for their expenses, and parents help everything that they want. Therefore, students have to concentrate on studying. In conclusion, students' duty is studying. They have to study rather than work because having part time jobs has some negative effects as above.


Some people object to the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. They think that campus activity is important for college students. They say that you have a part time job whenever you want but campus activity is now or never. I disagree with a point of view because I think it has many benefits to have a part time job for college students. There are two reasons. Firstly, you can get chance to experience job in advance through part time job. After graduation, you will want to have a work in company. If you do not have a part time job during college life, you may be hard to find a job because you do not know that the work suits you. However, if you experience job in advance through part time job, you can know well the job and will check that the job fits you. As a result, you can successfully find a job. Secondly, you will learn how to use money wisely. When you got an allowance from your parents, you would not know how to use money wisely because you did not earn your own money. Though, if you earn money through part time job, you will realize importance of the money and you will be conservative in spending money. In this way that part time job will be help to experience job in advance and learn how to use money wisely, I think it is important to get a part time job during college life.


College students are the people who are about to be grown up. So they are not perfect adults but the middle of between adults and students. In this situation, doing part time job will be effective way of developing the quality of grown up. To be grown up, experiencing many kinds of part time job is very helpful to take responsibility and to make some money. First, having a part time job as a college student is helpful to take responsibility. In fact, it is not easy to take considerable responsibility by student, but it is possible through part time job. Since they play own roles and perform their work, college students have to take responsibility about given position. Through this process college students can learn while working for other things that they can not learn at school. Secondly, part time job is helpful to make some money. Most of college students wants and needs lots of money, so in this point of view, part time job is typical and easy method to make some money. Therefore students have opportunity of buying what they wants to get or traveling around the world or meeting with friends at fabulous place. Besides these reasons, there are lots of advantages about doing part time job. Because the time is limitedly, so it is hard to keep balance between doing study and doing part time job as a student. But part time job deserve careful consideration as it is generally helpful to college students.


These days, there are many chances to get a part time job especially for college students and many of them try to work as part timers. Even though this maintenance, It is important for college students to have a part time job still can be argued in terms of losing their own works such as studying, I think having a part time job is important for college students. There are three reasons to agree with this topic. First, experiencing a part of society can be the best way to know what it is or how it works. It means that they can find a job in the future based on those experiences. Second, having a part time job is also helpful to establish their economic concept. If the students do not try to do any economic activity, they might just rely on their parents. Making money by themselves can make them think economically. Third, getting into a new world outside of school is very helpful to adjust to real working place after they get graduate. In my conclusion, having a part time job is important for college students. It can be helpful to find appropriate job, develop economic concept, and know how to adjust outside of school. That's why I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


Recently, lots of students who attend to college have a part time job. Some of having a part time job are doing this for their pocket money, and others are doing this which just make use of their spare time. Although I think that it is a difficult thing students to study and do a part time job at the same time, it is needed experience of students. First, as doing a part time job, college students can learn social communications. Most of the part time job we doing are a private tutoring and working in a store such as café, restaurant and so on. That is, we can have opportunity of meeting people other than friends. Second, we can get some independence from parents in the financial aspect. Until now, we often have tendency to depend on our parents about money. However, if we do our part time job, then we earn a little money. Third, as we doing our part time job, we can get to know difficulty about earning money so we have more diligence than doing not that. In conclusion, the part time job has so many advantages for students in the educational, economic aspects for these three reasons. Also, I have two part time jobs and learn many things from them. Needless to say, the students must study hard for their future. However, the part time job makes students learn the ways of living in the world. Thus, I strongly think that part time job is a important thing to students.


There are two reasons why I feel this way. One reason for my argument is that students can learn about society. The other reason is that students can learn more responsibility of spending money. First reason is that students who have part time job can learn about society. Specifically, they can learn about responsibility as employee. Students should go to work even if they have quiz or many papers. Also, they can know how to write application form and statement of purpose. If student does not have any experience of working as part timer, they cannot know and exercise writing forms. This lack of experiment makes for them to have difficulties when they should get a job near future. Second reason is that they can learn responsibility of spending money. They can know difficulties of making money, so these difficulties makes for them to get more responsibility of spending money. For example, many students who do not have any earn money spend easily too much money, so they often have great amount of debt. When students attend college, making money teach them how to manage and spend money. For above reasons, I strongly claim that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


We cannot get a job if we are in middle or high school, so it is first time for getting a job when we enter into university, although it is a part time job. To get a job means that we can involve social interaction, and it is very important for college students to know society. In Korea, there is no opportunity to know society when we are in middle or high school because Korea educational situation force students to only study hard. Their ultimate aim is to enter good university, so most of them do not know about people and world. They can know many things related to subjects, but they cannot know the real tings related to society. However, if we go university and start part time job, we must learn many things about the world because someday, we must work in society after we graduate. In this situation, part time job can give you a lot of advantages. First, the part time job can support you indirect experience of your future job. Through part time job, we can draw your future job in your mind. And also, we can earn money, so it is help our parents. Therefore, I agree part time job of college students.


In many countries, college students have a part time job and it is relatively common and encouraged in western counties compared to Korea. In fact, some people think that it is not much important than studying and they may be getting distracted from academic learning. However, I do not agree with these opinions for several reasons below. First, college students get independent economically from their parents by earning money themselves. Korean students tend to be very dependent on their parents, especially, in a financial aspect. This is one of the reasons that young people in Korea are lack of managing difficulties in their lifetime by comparison with people in other countries. Even if a part time job is not high salary, it is more important for college students to raise their independence in broad perspective. Second, it helps college students to get practical abilities that are hard to learn from a school. Academic learning tends not to be really practical to apply for living a life. It is mainly because of the difference between the climates of a school and a workplace. For example, it is not acceptable to make a mistake at work, because if it keeps happening, people get fired in the end. For this reason, students are needed to be more careful and responsible to take care of many rules than just being a student. Consequently, they acquire useful and practical abilities by doing a part time job, and it also helps them to work more efficiently when they start working after graduation. I'm convinced that having a part time job is also important for their future, and so we primarily need to make a better working climate for students and encourage them to experience it.


There are two reasons for that. First, having a part time job suggests that they can make money. Tuition fee of the universities is very expensive these days. On top of that, it is on the rise. Except for the few students that come from rich families, it is difficult to expect sufficient financial support for tuition, books, living, and so on from their families. Therefore, most students need to supplement their spending at least partly through part time jobs. Second, they can experience the real world, which means they can take part in the real economic situations. College students should be ready for economic activities. College is the preparation for the upcoming social activities. When students graduate, they need to start economic activities, meaning they need to earn some money, and they need to do this for the rest of their lives. Therefore, before they enter the real world, it is important that they get sufficient practice beforehand. Through this process, they will realize how hard it is to earn money, and other than just simply earning money, it will help them with how to plan their life.


I do not agree that having a part time job is important for college students. If the job helps them to find their desirable future job, it may be good for them. However, if the purpose of having a part time job is only to make money, it would be good for them not to do any. Doing a part time job can have a negative effect on students' study. College years are the crucial period when students think about and prepare for their future. It is only two or four years which is not enough to care about both study and a part time job. One of the critical elements for a better future job is getting a good grade. Grading is highly competitive in college and most students study hard to get a good grade. Students who have a part time job are unlikely to do a better job on their exams than other students who do not have one and only focus on studying. Making small amount of money is not worth missing chances to get a better job. Some students might say that they have to make money by doing a part time job to pay for college enrollment fee. It is not a good idea due to the reason above. It is better for them to use some student loans the government or other institutions offer and pay back after they get a job they want. There would be some interest for the loans but despite the interest it will be good for them to use a loan rather than to spend much time doing a part time job. It is because they might feel huge regret when they find themselves unable to get a desirable job owing to the time spending for the part time job they have done.


When people go to college, most of them start to spend a lot of money compared to their high school days in books, house rent and even drinks. It is clear that they need some money, but I do not think it is a good idea to ask parents for money. College students should become somewhat independent from their parents with money matters, because they are not children anymore. Parents might support their children's college tuition a little, but they cannot pay everything for their children. Moreover, having a part time job will make college students know the value of money, and make them not waste money because they know how hard it is to make money. There is another reason why it is important to have a part time job. Having part time jobs will give college students job experiences before they have a full time job. It would be really helpful if they find their interests or even hidden talents through part time jobs before they have a full time job. Some people regret having their full time job after they realize that the job was not exactly as same as what they expected. Part time job is less risky than full time job. For their future job careers, I highly recommend college students have a part time job.


They are more than 18 years old and it means they're legally adults who should avoid receiving a financial support from their parents and live by themselves. Some people think it is okay for college students to get help from parents because they're students whose main role is to study. Also, there are many parents who don't want their children to have part time job since it is critical period for them to study, do many worthy things to write on their resume. Many students do part time job to get money not for living their lives, but for buying things which are not basic stuff, like shopping or leisure. In this case, they waste their time twice more than other people on earning and spending money. For that reason many parents want them to spend their time in other things worthier than winning bread. To do part time job is important, but to know the value of money and spend properly is more important. College students should know how hard it is to make money and learn how to spend their money properly and wisely. For this reason they should earn money although they're student. They can also learn how to spend limited budget and time wisely through doing part time job before they become a real worker.


We all are living in a competitive world. The modern society requires us to be more experienced, more talented, and more professional. As stated in Darwin's theory of natural selection, the survival of the fittest still applies to our lives, no matter of our age or gender. I think it is important for college students to have a part time job at any time of their academic career, if they can, in order for them to experience as many things as possible. A part time job allows one to be exposed to the environment of a real workplace. Students working as a cashier of a tiny bookstore or a waitress of a fancy restaurant have more knowledge about the working system in the bigger picture than students who are only regular customers. For instance, they can become familiar with the hierarchical structure of the workplace, manufacture and transportation of the goods and services, and most importantly, the value of earning money    along with economic concepts, independence. Part time jobs let college students learn many aspects of a working person, as mature adults. Moreover, people who work as students will be more prepared when any abrupt situations come up. One never knows how his or her life will turn out to be. It is always better to have experienced something previously because the chances of making the same mistake next time are slimmer and one can plan ahead for the next step. Besides, part time jobs can provide valuable friendships; the people you meet as a college student part time worker may be a great help in the future. In conclusion, the experience and social connections together are the best advantages that a student can get from part time job. Learning a new thing is always a good thing. As young adults, college students should be encouraged to take any available part time job opportunities, so that they will be more prepared for the competitive real society.


Many students work at a part time job to earn their school fee or living money. So it is pouring in the part time job to working students. But some people see this situation as bad. Because they worried that the students would not study for working. Although there are some concerns, I think that working at a part time job when we are students has a lot of advantages. First, we can get the independence from making some money themselves. Most of students tend to depend on their parents although they become adults. And parents support their children excessively. It is bad action not help to their children. They also must grow independence as an adult. And it can be improved from working at a part time job. Second, we can get the economic sense. We cannot notice that earning the money is not easy if we have never worked directly. In that, we need to work to grow the economic sense. Most of the parents say to their children like that. Don't use the money carelessly. This money is not given for nothing. But if we work at a part time job when we are student, they can this wisdom of life deeply. Finally, we can become faithful person. Many part time job need a faithful person and sincere person. So while working at a part time job, we can learn the character like that. Such as faith and sincerity are important to work and also study. So working at a part time job is so helpful. We can get lots of good things from working at a part time job. I agree that working at a part time job has much advantages to students.


If you are a college student, you are interested in a part time job. As a college student, you are adult but you depend on your parents financially. That's the why you want to have a part time job. Although I do not have any experience about part time job, I agree the idea that it is important for college students to have a part time job. First, I think a part time job can help college students experience the social life early. It is not long since students became the adult. So they need to have more experiences for their psychological maturity. A part time job can be the best experience that helps students adjusts the real world. Second, I think a part time job can improve student's independence. In Korea, many college students get an allowance form their parents. However, this can be not helpful to both students and parents. Students try to read their parents' mind because parents cover all the expenses that include tuition and allowances. And parents also have a burden because of money. Having a part time job can be the best solution. And part time job also help them improve independence. In conclusion, I think a part time job is important and necessary to college students because of experiencing social life and improving independence. Actually I also do not experience a part time job. In this winter vacation, I plan to have a part time job for improving my independence.


Many students have trouble deciding whether to study in group or not, however, studying alone is much better in many ways. First of all, studying alone has no restriction on place, while studying in group requires suitable place where it is okay to make some noise. Students can study alone anywhere according to personal preference. On the contrary, as long as studying in group accompanies discussions or explanations, it is unavoidable to make some noise. Therefore, students have to find right place to study which is quite annoying. Second, self studying helps students concentrate more and get deeper understand. There is nothing that interrupts student's concentration. On the other hand, group studying is subject to be distracted as study members become closer through studying together. Lastly, students can pace themselves when they study alone. Each student has different grasping ability. Some students can learn easier and faster while others need more time understanding. However, when students study in group, sometimes they should wait or hurry to catch up with others. Especially, students who lack understanding may be busy just following others progress without understanding and it will lead to the loss of the student's pace. Therefore, studying alone is more convenient and effective than studying in group.


Studying is primary task for college students. However, it is also important to have experience to earn money and have a part time job. There are mainly three two reasons for my opinion. Firstly, working through a part time job can be good experiences for college students before they get a job. By working as a part timer, they can learn how to deal with unexpected situations and how to communicate people who they don't really know. I have worked as a part timer and it sometimes made me feel exhausted mentally and physically. But through the experience, I could not only make some money but also grow in many aspects. Working experience is a part of socialization to enter new world. Secondly, through part time job they can learn how much difficult earning money is and they can also learn it is important and necessary to spent money properly. Many students doesn't have chance to work during their school life because they are really busy on studying. So some students do not know how hard their parents make money in work places. Therefore, they need to know and experience difficulty of earning money. To be prepared for future social life and to learn importance of money, I think it is better for college students to have a part time job.


There are several reasons why I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. First, I think doing part time job is a great opportunity for students to experience the society in advance. Through this experience they can learn by mistakes which in society are not actually accepted. They can enjoy this activity without the heavy burden of being scolded by the boss and they can experience different kinds of things through this. Secondly, they can search for their carriers. Actually, after graduating college and getting a job, it's difficult to change. However, from the experience of part time job, a college student can search for the most suitable job they think it's appropriate for them. By doing this, they would not regret after being an adult. Another reason why part time job is important is because students can learn to be responsible. They have their own responsibility and they will struggle to do it no matter what happen. By doing so, they learn to be independent and not just being mommy's son or daughter all the times. They realized that in this world there are things that they have to do and solve by themselves and I consider part time job to be the right choice. Finally, students learn the notion of money. These days, many students are not aware of the importance to manage the money. If these people are given the opportunity to work, it will change. It is likely that they realize that money is something precious and it's the result of hardworking.


I think part time job is not that good for college students. Part time job which college students can do is very limited. Restaurant serving, coffee shop, tutoring and so on. It can take way too much time, so most of the college students who have part time job don't have enough time to study their major, do their homework, even sleep. Many students must make their allowance, because university tuition is very high. However, I think it is better to get a scholarship instead of making money through part time job. There is another problem. I had made my allowance myself from the first grade to third grade of university. I earned a lot of money with tutoring, also I spent all of the money I had earned. The more I made money, the more I spent. The amount of consumption was increasing at that time. Now, I am fourth grade, and I don't have time to do a part time job. I can't afford to take my high and big consumption habbit. I think students' job is study hard not that making money or spending money. So I don't agree with this sentence' It is important for college students to have a part time job. '


Have you ever experienced about a part time job? Nowadays, lots of college students have various part time jobs. Some students have more than 2 jobs at the same time. Then, why do they decide to do a part time job? There are several advantages of that. The most important reason is from the fact that they can earn money by doing a part time job. Generally, tuition of universities is so high that students may have such a burden of money. Except tuition, there might be other things to pay in their basic life, such as charge for food, transportation, or even their cell phones. In looking at these points, it becomes clear that college students need to make some money by themselves. They can solve this problem by doing a part time job. In addition, if they work for something, they are able to become more independent. During the period of doing a part time job, they might suffer from various situations. It could be a good chance to become a mature adult. Furthermore, they can form a personal relationship in the work place. It is really useful and essential point in every personal life. To summarize, college students decide to do a part time jobs due to making money, huge experiences, and a personal relationship. Even looking at these advantages mentioned above, it is certain that doing a part time job is so important for college students.


Nowadays, many college students can get a job in society. They can be not only coffee maker in cafe but also intern staff for their work experiences. To get a part time job is important for college students and they can get a valuable experience in their lives. Many college students can get chances to living more broader by working their small job. They should not be only studying students. Experiencing the world that we live is sometimes more important than only reading a book in library. Also, they can get the part time job easily in their twenties. Youth is privilege that they can make anything whatever they want. Therefore, they had better get a job as they are young. Then, the part time job provides the money to students. Students can having more valuable allowance itself. Even if they can get a small pay, it can be much to college students. In addition, they can save money more efficiently by working their own job. To sum up, having the part time job for college students is like having a chance to living more widely. Therefore, I think that it is positive for students to get the part time job.


I agree that college student has part time job. I think that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. The first reason is money. Tuition of college is very big money. Because of this, parents is so hard. so, it is nice that you make money with part time job to earn own pocket money. secondly, it is great for socialization. having part time job, you will meet many person. so, it is a good plan to have part time job to learn social life. next, you know difficulties of making money and advisedness of spending. you will learn that you spend money economically. because you are very hard to make money. last, you will great at time management. With having part time job, habit of lastness can be cured. and because of shortage of time, you will learn the value of time. so, you will spend time worthily. Of cause, having part time job for college student has weakness. For example, a shortage of time, frequent accidents, etc. but, advantage of having part time job outnumber disadvantage. and having part time job is very good experience with your college life. so, i agree that college student has part time job with above reasons.


Recently, there is a hot debate arouse whether taking a part time job will benefit university students or not. Some people who advocate the opinion of having a casual job believe that it helps the students in not only financial terms but also mental aspects. Other people argue that it is too hard for them to allocate the time to balance between study and work. In this essay, it will discuss both of advantages and disadvantages of having a part time job. Firstly, there are various advantages to work part time for university students who will get into the outside world soon after graduation. The experience of working during study will make them better equipped with not only academy from the school but also practice from working experience. It will also give freedom from financial dependency on their parents, even though the amount of money they earn is not quite a lot, that will take off some burden from their parent's shoulder. Secondly, the most important output would be learning social skills by confronting or dealing with outside people. Through this kind of experience, university students will learn some skills that they cannot learn from the textbooks. Interacting with people outside will provide them with a greater confidence and opportunities to see real world. People standing against the arguments, however, claims that the most of students will fail to allocate their time properly on balancing between study and work. Moreover, interacting with their peer students is very crucial while they are still developing their characteristics. For example, having a money mind that thinks everything in terms of money value will ignore some valuable things in life, such as teaching poor children for free or volunteer work for underdeveloped countries. In conclusion, in my opinion, advantages of part time working outweigh the disadvantages greatly. However, we still cannot ignore the negative effects so we should try to minimize the disadvantages to the least extent without sacrificing advantages.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job? I agree that college students works part time job. Because of Firstly, We can make money. College tuition have steadily increased every year. So, Parents worried about that pay College tuition. Nevertheless, We can't pay all college tuition. But, We can prepare pocket money. I think that It's not much money, but it will be extremely useful. Also, we can realize importance of money. Secondly, We can practical experience in advance. Commonly students of Korea lack sense of independence. Because many parents tend to overprotect to their children. But self independence can increase by we put to it. Thirdly, We can develop one's aptitude. Nurturing one's aptitude difficult beforehand in Korea. Because course of study of Korea is teaching by rote. But nurturing one's aptitude would be easier through a varied experience. Finally, We can meet various people. If we live in the school and home, meeters are contain limit. But we can meet various people by part time job. On this account, I agree that college students works part time job.


I think that part time job is very important during university life. First, Work, it is very precious experience. Part time jobs in university life are almost part of service. So, through work that part of service, we can meet people of various fields and can talk with a strange person. First time I have part time job, I can't talk with other strange person because I have no confidence and shy. But, now I can talk perfectly strange person. I think these experience is privilege of part timer. Next, We can know important of money. Until high school student, I always live with pocket money given by my parents and I didn't know it is hard to make money. After becoming 20, I work hard to earn money about 5000 6000won per hour and now, I think carefully when I spend money just drinking a cup of coffe and just eating a spoon of ice cream. During five month that I work to earn money, I have had very various part time jobs but I want to have more various jobs and meet more people of various fields. because I think it is very valuable experience that can do during part time jobs and its experience is so powerful. Therefore I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job.


In Korea, college students have a hight level of dependence on their parents about economical matters, and responsibilities of parents for their children also continue until the college education. Even many parents should pay the college tuition. Although there are many diffrent considerations, I believe that the college students should have a part time job because of several reasons. First of all, the college students have accountability to make their own spending money. I know they can not economic independence completly in college, but they can fully make money for small expense by themselves. For example, a regular income from the part time job will come in useful to you when you want to buy dresses, cosmetics, books and refreshments, etc. Next, the part time job gives you the chance when you want to experience your future job. For example, if you hope to be a curator when you graduate from college, the part time job in a gallery will be helpul to your job. It will be a career just not the part time job. In the last thing, the part time job is a good way of learning valuable social skills. In my case, I often felt difficult to meet and talk many random people, so I decided to get a part time job in sales. Later, I finally overcame my problems as meeting people in a shop. To summarize, I think accumulating a variety of experience through the part time job helps you in whatever you choose to do later in life. Therefore having part time job will be important process to collge studen


