Nowadays many students have a part time job for their colleges' tuition. So it's going to be a problem because we have to do it especially private school. I think it is important for us however there are many shortages. First, we are student. The most important part to us is study. The chance of part time job is always around you however the chance of study is not around you. For instance, there is someone who has started studying late. They thought part time job is more important than study but they realized that study have to do in proper time. Therefore part time job is not important than study. Second, we cannot concentrate on class. Generally, we usually do part time job from the evening to the late at night. Therefore we cannot concentrate our class because of sleepiness. For example, I did night delivery service from 10:00pm to 6:00am. It is so hard in the first day, but I adapted to the environmental change so I slept during classes. Therefore part time job disturb the concentration on class. Consequently, part time job is become the social problem. Many news castings report it as the social problem. So the Government adopts a wise policy to concentrate study. The problem only can resolve from the Government because it's a hot potato for college students. We have to study for our future and part time job is not the first.


I agree. The older students know they will and independence. Contemporary college students as tuition fees in contrast to the larger issue are continuing with a big rally. Can experience a variety of good to say that. And free time to work on the other to do so could lose money, money is therefore anxious to assemble a for deny ~ have a little experience in social life could use the ~ Most importantly, you need a part time job which means we can help... Most of the students and serving as part time cashier to kill or meaning other than making money is hard to give meaning to try. Own experience of social life, if you think you think we good to within 1 3 months I guess ~ I just want to say I'm their major or future career trying to find things that will help the go. Naturally, studies correlating the work experience and also stacked, happened to come by a decent side income, it will make things difficult. Because you can also find this time to study the trends in the direction I think I can about the guidelines, sir. I know in the future, but I'll write a resume ONE PIC servo simian overage. Headway to certification enough to give 5 line 6. If you have a rich experience to adapt in the future, and may have done well in practice.


I agree that college students have a part time job. Because if college students have part time job, they improve sociality College students experience social life early They improve sociality than students don't have a part time job As a result, the students will get a job, they can adapt more easily Also, college students earn money themselves without their parents help Therefore they will know that money earning is very hard So, they think that money is precious. They easily don't spend money And money worry can reduce to parents. As college students earn money themselves Finally the reason I agree that college students have a part time job is making friends While they work part time job, they meet many people So they can make many friends and they meet various many people, they improve speaking skills Because of speaking skills very important to their life, improving speaking skills is helpful themselves College students have a part time job is many benefits for college students Therefore college students can better to experience part time job Their major related part time job is more effective If college students don't disturb study, they can have a part time job is very good


It's important to work part time college student, I agree with the comments are. In favor of the motion to be honest, this is a comment about dating, but once do not understand them if Refurbished And now, the status of university students and adults to think about his future because of As a part time job to know how to make money for money's worth because know think it's important to note that part time job. However, a college student working part time act that can be considered a prerequisite For example, only part time study and focus, even when the concentration and ego The case should be too late for a part time job to yourself, and Aye And the way you could go wrong, so be careful. Writing a dissenting vote on this subject I really do not know them. If things at home in bad shape too which is well able to work part time or part time job with her career now naemineunde having a good think that can be experienced. I come to college for the first time; part time job is a part time job. Having a part time job, I will be very excited. Careful work of the society, while also learning how to compete same boss also got to learn manners, and also if a part time field service sector if it is always done with a smile By doing this, because it's funny people always leave a good image and spirit of service learning or later find you a job in the future a good influence is assumed to be crazy. Allow me to finish on this subject is in favor of the university was taking a part time job could be a good experience and good for the rest of your life to live, because you think that will help.


I have originated the first time; part time job is the University's freshman year. So as the summer wanting to make money and began to wander all over the place. The job, but there was a place where the remains. Then find my apartment, so it was a part time sale. Is to first deal with a very powerful and people were to hear introverted personality that was very hard, I just had to be done. So in the end, about two weeks and was discontinued. And it had the second part time job. Place called part time job as a bar was a lot of guests did the same and easy to work part time. Missus, but by letting nature do anything to scare you away from here, not too much was in there. Part time job two months to the end, the pub did not. That summer was celebrated at the end of two semesters. As it was then part time job was a chicken. Boss is very nice; everything was nothing but a good delivery. But once we get real downside were backed guests will come. So busy, really busy, rest when you cannot breathe when you have had enough. But that was before, rather than the conditions of part time were good not bad because it was the best part time troops had long been the top until it seems.


I think part time job is very good to student. I will write about why. First, it can earn my own money. We can use that for eating, shopping or enjoy your time. And I can help my mother for my university registration fee. Second, it can help to your society experience. It will help you that how to do at your company and how to face your boss. Also you can make friends at work. I can save my money for the future and to buy my parent birthday gift if I save them monthly, not depend on my parent to be grown up. Now days university fee is very expensive too so that is why students look for part time job. Another reason is society experience many people graduate with no social experience that can be problem adjusting to the working company. To face boss it take a lot of brave mind because boss can fire you anytime. At school we have friend and work we can make friend too make friend at work can help me adopting to work and teach me how to work well. These reasons are why I agree to do part time job


I think part time job is very important. Because we are going to learn experience in part time job and we earn much money. But many students think part time job more important than study. Nevertheless, I think that many people are going to have a part time job. Part time job experience is to be. Because meets many people and learn experience. Here is a lot of reason that students have part time job. First, the part time job experience is going to learn sociability that meets many people. Because many part time job meet people in these days. So sociability is very important. Many customers like to have high social skill worker. Therefore many employers choose to have social skill employee. Second, the part time job is going to earn much money. Many students received pocket money by parent. So there haven't part time job experience and earn money of them. When receive earn money, they are going to be pleased. Finally, they get experience of many part time jobs. These days Korea has many kind of job. So students are going to get experience. When find a job, part time job experience is very important. In conclusion, many students will have part time job. And student study more. So they survive in a competitive society.


Students should find a good part time job in their school life when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So you must do something what you believe it.


I think the college student's part time job is important. Because of the tuition is getting higher. But all the parents get in trouble pay all the tuition. They are difficult to afford all the tuition for four years. So almost students have responsible for help their parents. But someone who the not rich is thinking I don't need to have a part time job then the person isn't needed to have part time job. Because doing the part time job is optional. Not duty. But I think the person go to college should better have part time job in every considered situation. First, they can help their parents who feel difficult to pay for their son's or daughter's tuition for four years. Of course, the money their earned can't fill all the tuition. But the money is not only touchable money. That is mind for their parents. And the money their earned can use their allowance. We can see this like small. But this is proud and big for them. I also agree this. Anyway, the second is they can go through out of the college. That is important. It is easy to people who go to college thinking I'm a just student. But college students are not just student. College is a one of the small society. So college students are members of society. So I think college student's part time job is important.


How can we have a good school life? What will you do? Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So that ways you do is a good way for your school life. Do you think it is a good way to have a good school life?


There are a wide variety of part time jobs in the world. There are many advantages when in working part time. We think not easy to make money. So we save the money. We get to know that our parents are working hard for us as well. I was part time job. I have various par time jobs. PC room and cafeteria they are my old job. PC room task is very easy. Polish desk and computer, reckoning guest respond. But pc room working is very having a bad headache. Because every day old rope smelling. Cigarette smell is very disgusting. Secondhand smoking is a big health hazard. Cafeteria working is tired and stressful. Because hard job. Every day smile and fast move. Boss is very nitpicking to me. My feeling is terrifically peed off. Part time job about positive thing. I learned a basic position in service and it is my first experience to earn money myself. Hunt Part time job for reference. We should do what we can to eradicate it. And very fun working. The work is not as easy as I thought. Bear with the heavy workload for a while until it gets better. It may be a hard time. But all hands on deck.


It is important for college students to have a part time job I think that part time job is very important to college student. We must aim above the mark to hit the mark. What is our goal? It is have a job. We are figure a way to have a job. One of them is experience many social active. First, I believe that part time job is can feel much social experience. Experience is equaled with college grade. Someday they are support some company. The company is considered what to do their in college. They will employ person who have a many experience and capable person. Second, much part time   job is can seek their aptitude. We don't know what is to do well. All of student wants work that fits them. So part time   job is very helpful in aptitude. Third, part time job can get a lot of money. Most of student don't realize to precious of money. And they are paying to waste money in useless part. It is called to be extravagant. If they have a part time job, they are paying to waste money. Because they are begrudged their money. In short. Part time job give to useful for student. Needless to say part time job is very important to us. I agree with first sentence completely. Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Let's go challenge.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Universities have raised steadily the tuition. Some parents can no longer afford the fee. So. Students are working part time to earn his pocket money. I think that the part time job will be an invaluable experience before social life. And many college students are working for his school expenses. Students work several part time a day. They work mostly at a convenience store and restaurant and cafe and parcel service. They work hard, and don't earn much. Because student receive unfair treatment to reason young. It cannot be justified any reason. They combine study and part time. It's not easy to combining. I'm done it before. I'm too tired physically and emotionally. The part time job demand too much time. Students sleep to catch up on his sleep in the class. So, students have become indifference from study. Part time job is important to them. We are no telling that quit the part time. Because par time is maintain their existence. So, university should arrange ways that scholarship system increase etc. They have to help practically to students suffering from financial hardship. Therefore I consent that it is significant for university students to have a part time job.


College students are in favor of a part time job. If part time job can earn a lot of experience. Before going into communities to work part time stacking through a lot of experience I think that part time job is a good thing. Because of their own economic ideas to make money can occur. I want to try a lot of social experience was a part time job. I had hard money directly heart full viscosity was the viscosity. Through part time jobs may have a sense of responsibility? In addition, allowance is the money. And part time jobs, as well as social life were nurturing and independence from parents has helped significantly. And there will be independence. Plus, the formation of the contacts and will also feel a sense of accomplishment. And attending college part time work is the memories and experiences. Take the college community is ready for the step. So that in a society ready to learn and to study and think. If it were just me and the job will not only be embarrassed out suddenly. Sitting in university classrooms that cannot be a social experience, learn all the important information because you cannot learn. So I will agree to work part time college student.


part time job is important before entering the existence necessary company, part time job is also helped on the basis of previously learned experience that bring more proficient self development and make money also seems to send them to prevent a waste time depending on the job, but with as many people seem to be good and part time job is add to confident so when all job to do, rather than other people i am more great deal, but part time deprive individual time so many people So many people and there is little time to communicate Sometimes friends are often encountered in the story And two kinds of part time jobs only imagine how difficult it is to catch rabbits. But another attraction is to gain more contacts it could be a deep relationship, and may be shallow, but the network of relationships to pursue a society is one of the important factors. If you maintain a good relationship to money and connections to get a broad it could be a good opportunity. The variety of faces to finish part time job even easier through a network will be Las Posits if you're lucky, a job not much like the glass haneundedo


I tend to agree part time job Because I think it's very useful time for wonderful your future. Part time job is give to us various experience. Learn human relationship and know the world. And if job is related to dream of future, very excellent. For example, if you want to be teacher, go academy Then give lessons to student. Of course if that is the case you should hard study. In fact, most college students work part time without, difficult to study. Therefore, this situation should consider the opportunity. You know Enjoy if you cannot avoid. Don't forget this sentence A variety of experiences that will not be replaced. For this reason, I agree! I think only the privilege of a college can. So you do not necessarily need to be I hope you have done I've been trying for a vacation from the factory. When I was a lot of thought. I think I never didn't this thing has a lifetime. It was so nice part time. My mind had to work harder too. Part time gave me motivation. I think you're a part time and hope it's not too negative Because it is I would get more. There are Relationships, social skills, experiences, challenges and memories And so on. I should hope get something precious please don't miss the opportunity Actually at first, I didn't strongly agree. However In writing this essay became more and more strongly agree. I hope the same, with me.


The part time job is a common experience amongst college students. College students should be allowed to have various hands on experiences But I find that one job doesn't provide enough variety. Therefore, it is important to have experience in a variety of through part time job. Those experiences will be a great future asset when we graduated from university. However, various experiences are not easy to do. Requires much time and effort. I was worked part time in a department 2 months ago. This part time job is helpful my dream. Because part time job and my dream is associated. My experience will be helpful my dream. But you should not focus only on part time in college. Whatever the proper balance is important. The study also must be so hard. The important thing didn't take part time jobs that do not require Unnecessary if a part time job wasting time and didn't hard study. Also someone works part time to pay for the school expenses. But Part time job that can help is this working holiday. I'll learn some survival English and get a part time job if I am lucky. I should do that also participate in a working holiday. For these reasons I agree part time job during college.


Oh my god. Part time job very important. Part time job is complete need show me the money and girlfriend date money. College student is many need money. Money war. Money is my life. Should go out with my girlfriend. I'm sorry your parents do not see how spending money. Because a lot of phones coming out non school favorite is costly to. So in college part time job is an essential element. Utilities electricity it takes to trace the life so gas money goes a lot of money in what other unnecessarily. And while in school in order to promote friendship between favorite drinks and enjoy a drink and dance really ready for the cost of expensive. In addition, many live in and look at a lot of the ancillary elements occur. For example, in the cost of club soccer uniforms and what gait dinners or meetings you can hear when the perfect example of dues. I also want to have shoes or clothes or food to feed hungry need the money for it when my parents personally to ask for money, I'm sorry to see my parents cannot be twelve. I need a part time job. Have trouble. Have a nice day. For students just part time job. Is you need to


I oppose this opinion. As more value is tuition rising personal time people are increasingly looking for part time job. Most college students are part time holiday is also sending. I also try to work part time and part time but within it have any doubts about the importance and necessity has been I think if people who need part time jobs that would be important to everyone, but I do not think that. With vacations or after school hours must be used for the self development. Sakhalin also in part time self development while in college, but it is not required that you need to think. If you like girls, you can choose to work part time at night, the narrow bars are even serving. The bad people danghagido sexual harassment scandals that may happen to think it's very dangerous to public order dote. Their family unavoidably difficult, unless those people who work part time more useful to themselves and just take a little time to think. For example, the seasonal vacations and after school study session listening to the lack of a hobby or skill that could save his job seems to be a good. Part time work experience in the community to try to indirectly would also be a waste of time, but I think you are. Therefore, I oppose this opinion.


My dream is a police officer. I have a dream right now is trying hard to make. From the study will begin this summer. Will be certified first. And will begin to learn English. But the police should start studying and learning English are not as easy as. When I think about it now would not regret not studying English are ahead. But if you keep working hard now to think. Studied at the school seems to be a really good way. Anyone going out to schools and does not control. But the school is different. A great professor because he always let me know that you do not know. So I will choose schools instead of self study and professor in the school and the same thing, and I will be quite a study with people. I want to be a reason for the police to help the needy would want. I wanted to do since I was a child helping others. I was thinking of my personality that fits the appropriate police will be selected. The future by becoming a police officer and I want to be friendly with people. They are difficult to police officers. When a police officer, even innocent people feel guilty for thinking the same thing. The reason the police officers and intimacy is not. I would be really approachable. And that faith want to be a police officer. People do not trust the police officers often make mistakes. But if I practice the police will not make a mistake and stick to. So people will have to believe.


My dream is a police officer. For now that dream is a student of Deleon University Police Department. Ever since I was little my career was a fixed. When I was a kid was a police officer, she looks amazing. But it's nice now, by showing only the selected length of the innocent victims of crime want to be a police officer wanted to reduce. Although significantly reduce the crime rate in Korea, even if we once again by my patrol crime than any other cop would not be a person hope. Competent and diligent and smart but lazy, a police officer than a police one with the correct idea of the Republic of Korea will change the way crime is considered. And with this idea to increase police officers of the Republic of Korea believe that the crime rate will decrease significantly. In order to achieve my dream this summer, I decided to participate in study groups. For this study, the group in February next year, a group of police officials are preparing for exams. Lessons with five subjects studied, and once a week and look at the test. You've got passion, willpower is weak to me, and I think I am going to be a good opportunity.


In my opinion, having a part time job will be good experience for the university students after their graduation. For example, if a student who hopes to work in a hotel in the future, it will be very helpful to have a part time job in a hotel. He or she can learn what happens there and how to deal with the unexpected problems. When they write the experience in a hotel into the resume and cover letter it will be a strong point which attracts employer to be. Secondly, the students who have a part time job can help their parents economically. I think they have to earn our spending money by ourselves. Because their parents are spending their much money for the tuition they need to earn some money to buy their textbooks at least. And I believe they have enough ability to work and study well at the same time. However I insist part time job should not effect on their studying badly. So I would like to recommend it to the students who have a responsibility to work and study both hard. For the students who cannot do that, I want to suggest that they had better concentrate on just studying.


The college student thought that part time job is important to do. Part time job is good experience. And lives, although, becomes the help. Can earn a pocket money is a chance. Social experience millimeter can do. Also the various occupational experiences are possible. Can increase a connections becomes the chance. We cannot know will be able to experience an impression and the thought. People thought that is good much to experience. Part time job will be able to change character is the chance. Talks many people and contact. Therefore can raise the care core. Because to be difficult work, the money be can feel valuably. Can raise an economy spirit. Than no experience the experience is important. Lives a life, Thought that much should experience. Thought that anything is some day becomes the help. The result where I tried part time job, also the character changed and became much help. When all people are young, Experiences part time job, wishes. Part time job that one will become the good memory. Will be earned much money although cannot. Interesting will kick rewarding. We lead, part time job much we experience, can get much knowledge, Can feel a new impression. Lives this world, the thing a lot the low of attempting thought that the thing is important.


I still think you need a part time students is because students do not have money to live alone because economically necessary part one of the students think. As a student who will meet but still there is not anyone behind the money is just that nothing could get a part time as a bit of a have afford and really need her to be a part time view yeoyurowo jindamyeon. So even in a school should actively encourage students' part time and part time college students are required that can help you to think maryeonhaeya aggressive measures. Using part time students by having a more free to concentrate on school and studying to be a part time by haeyadoelgeot and more college will need to be able to send fullest. I think this is a part time students include part time students are required and also a bad impact, rather than just help students in school and social life, where you can feel the sooner think it's a good experience. But still for a part time college student, if there are negative people think he's doing is not seen. Students feel that they always live in tribes and all of them and meet their desire to not give in even if a little comfort to students and can be helpful if you think I always need to be a part time


Must agree. see of college tuition per ha ha mystery mango nor the dormitories jack friends besides tuition allowance sum of money and have disappeared boiling look about ten million won per hangar broken. Ease the burden slightly more to let parents Alba and earned his living allowance even house think it's the reality of today is not got. Sing tuition every year up there, thrust the case of private universities tuition more than 5 million won per Hanna reality. We assume the same would be delighted to welcome you to the fact that students are too burdensome. Even the students on leave of absence to raise tuition hanta I have yet to learn that I'm disappointed in Alba hit four. The rooftops of students need to have a system that'll create the conditions are: Why students are now pay tuition sepal and hit the uproar about the struggle. Tuition is expensive, because eventually this situation as it happens, I do not think only reduces. University of expensive tuition in the interests of their shares to challenges self Blowing money on me this is absurd is that? Students on leave of absence and do not have the money to paragon has suffered. So hard to live for college students opposed to doing Alba for those who do and do not understand.


Many college students have part time jobs because they can earn money. The tuition is very expensive. Students need much money for that. Students need also much money for enjoying their life with friends. Some part time jobs are very hard and difficult like physical labor. Pay is also very low. So, students don't like these jobs. Other part time jobs give high pay like man to man teaching. Many students like this job. I also like this part time job. If I can have a chance for getting a part time job, I want to have that. After finishing part time jobs, you can get money. You can use this for whatever you want to spend. You don't need to tell parents for money. The kinds of Part time jobs are very variety. Many students go to do part time jobs after finishing all classes. Usually, the age of getting part time jobs is 19. In a law, high school students can't have part time jobs. As soon as graduating high school, many students get a part time job. Doing a part time job is developing students' sociality and giving money. Students doing a part time job can earn without helping of parents.


There are many people in modern society is a part time job. There are many reasons. Rising tuition, rising inflation, etc. Most students will start a part time job. Due to the absence of tuition fees for part time soccer is ventured. Nowadays, half tuition, which is emerging as a lot of social problems do not concentrate on studying rather than leave of absence and deprived of school tuition. Jjeoljjeo Mare Why, scared of is two. In addition, many economically disadvantaged families tuition for those universities may not even be the reason for this kind. The major reason for working part time donning geotyida. We have hard money, but also to entertain. The main reason for giving up a school can also: I was in high school, there enter the school and working to attend college because of the tuition waiver, and saw a friend go to Work. I also pay student loans for college tuition as a part time job that will always sandier. Part time summer and winter vacation will be sent to the school year. For the purpose of making money is such a part time jobs. Our society for many people who care little for the rest of the money to make a buck if you only attend part time students keen to study a little on the wonder if their future will accomplish here.


I can't agree to this statement. Of course, it is important for college students to have a part time job. But, it is necessary that they study for their life. Actually, some college students always are working a part time job. By the way, it is dangerous for college students to concentrate on working a part time job. Because, they are busy working for part time and they can't studying. At the moment, student must remain learn and study hard. As college students, but, If they don't study hard, they will always regret and glooming. Finally, they will stop studying and leave college. At the same time, work and study is very difficult and college students will know it very tired to reach a decision. However, college student's duty is learning and studying and having a part time job is only one in many options. Actually, most of college students don't know what they want. Dream is precious and has the future even if you fail. Perhaps, studying is very important for their dreams and Someday their dreams will come true. In the end, having a part time job is important and good experience, but not as expensive as schoolwork. So, I think that college students had better study.


I strongly agree this topic. University registration fee is very expensive. It is a burden to college student's parents. So we need a time to part time job. University registration fee will continue to increase. Because half of University registration fee, even we have demonstration. In my think, not only college students also people who money need need to make money. Even, Because University registration fee is high there are people who give up college. A lot of talented people who need University registration fee, but because so many people to give it to God to work part time college students to know there's a problem but there's a problem in University registration fee continues to climb looks Romagna. Must all through high school is compulsory until the student's status, but college is a selection of the selection, as well as a reason to give up college for money, not so macho that it is unfortunate. Part time jobs for University registration fee and a boon to parents Might Be a little, but not a last resort, as well as a scholarship to study Because many students who do not, but eventually the universal part time college students were an important tool. If the idea is a lot of universities around the restaurant, convenience store, bar restaurant where you can hire a daehaksaengman have thought that it were.


For part time job is a little positive. Because students receive college tuition is much oppression, so I want to reduce the burden on parents is a part time job. To enjoy their pleasures, though there is not anything compared to college tuition writes. And part time money if I just want the burden of parents is a difficult situation. However, unknowing the date of the University's tuition high the sky literally springs, so students are frustrated. However, knowing the date of the University's tuition nopeunjul the sky literally springs, so students are frustrated. University tuition increases, so also the growing number of part time students, part time also increases. Of course, study hard in college and receives a fee, but it is not easy said than done. Money that students increasingly oppressed, forced to live in the confines of money he's not running a home, not much more than money, they can only give money to my parents favor. And while part time students to earn money are important to know that it is not easy to believe. My parents did not make it know that this does not easily obtained if you know the importance of money is considered a great experience. I am approving a part time job.


To work part time college students are in favor. By becoming part time college students can buy the necessary things. Yet parents are able to cultivate independence, without leaning. Social experience through part time may need to reserve. And the economy will be able to get the notion. Can make different kinds of part time. While many types of part time can be a lot of experience. Yet as a qualified prospective member of society can have Vacations for part time at a department store restaurant and witnessed. Many part time while in a department store Part time while at the mall and met with many people. And the restaurant was a new experience. Although not yet a part time college students were asked shortly after. While remaining a part time to college plans. Twelve are still a lot of experience and counting. I experience the things that the future is expected. Formed to raise money, while his economic ideas are able to do a good consumer. Because the money collected by their own consumption can prevent over consumption. Economic notions like that, as the quality of society is formed as a spare. With the advent of independence can be a good member of society. Therefore, plans to continue part time. Agrees to make a part time.


Most students also study and work part time activity is one that most students like to do together. Time students from the classroom to read sports, games, shop, and relax. Most students work needs money. What people want is money collected, must. What equipment to buy jewelry, clothing cycled, sports, phone, portable computers, wool cap, tennis, shoes, or helping students to work as a compensation, which will enable students to think for hours per hour depending on how much work. that easy or difficult. Therefore, students need to have a part time jobs to meet demand. That can make money by themselves and for the experience of working with the students in higher education. before students are responsible for school only to have a quality person. So many people look at college as an opportunity to socialism, to find themselves and to explore the world before going out into it. College has been defined as a "safe place for young people to grow." Some students don't know the value of work experience and how it can enhance the educational experience. At least one semester of work would benefit all students.


No is not important. The important thing is to study the relationship friendship school friends is important. Student life is limited social life is Continue However, part time work is often required. Their parents receive an allowance that is not enough spending money. I still think you need a part time students is because students do not have money to live alone because economically necessary part one of the students think. As a student who will meet but still there is not anyone behind the money is just that nothing could get a part time as a bit of a have afford and really need her to be a part time view So even in a school should actively encourage students' part time and part time college students are required that can help you to think aggressive measures. Using part time students by having a more free to concentrate on school and studying to be a part time by more college will need to be able to send fullest. I think this is a part time students include part time students are required and also a bad impact, rather than just help students in school and social life, where you can feel the sooner think it's a good experience. But still for a part time college student, if there are negative people think he's doing is not seen. Students feel that they always live in tribes and all of them and meet their desire to not give in even if a little comfort to students and can be helpful if you think I always need to be a part time


It is agreed. Korea as part time college students of the university tuition fees issue has become a buzzword among the largest. The problem is economic and political. In addition to the inflation and economic policies of the University resulted in a rise in tuition fees. South Korea's recent college and throughout social and political issues have been half the tuition. It is currently in South Korea need to work part time community was one reason. College students through a variety of part time job are to get the nice thing about. Increases in college social experience. This experience will be a great help in employment. To choose a major impact on the future. Parents can reduce the financial burden. Alleviate the burden of expensive tuition for parents of children should also think a part time job. But that part time job while studying the impact is the opposite I also work part time not only during holidays accepted, without ever trying to be keen on learning. Proficient in the formation of personal satisfaction. However, it is important to choose a part time job. Dirty and dangerous and should not be a sexual implication. Today South Korea's social position as fierce competition in the part time job is difficult to obtain


I think it is very important for students to find a part time job in school, because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do your best when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So you must do what you believe it.


It is an essential part time job. If college students earn tuition, especially since there should really be thinking. It's the money while trying to work part time, but it's good experience. The act is so young, so librarians will also. It is a great experience. Ever since we were a young ages, hard to know how to earn money. So we retrench that. When I am with physical labor I felt it is very hard work. But I make a lot of money, I was proud of myself. I still spent that money as conserve. In addition tried a lot of. Bowling part time, beef shop part time, convenience stores part time. And so on. If I have a chance tried everything. If I want to recommend a part time job is convenience stores part time. Although pay is low but there are many people you meet, and easy. Parents will also be agreed. Earn the money his son, who would dispute? If I were parents, I could give praise. Part time is good. Because it is needed in society. I agree do part time job. It is of course agreeing everyone. I think there is no one who does not agree.


If you are a student what will you do when you have time in school Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So that ways you do is a good way for your school life. Do you think it is a good way to have a good school life?


The quality of life should have the target and the variable in the specification. Will how the life is, should depend with about education. Sure, study should better do work. Life experience is starting to do better the theory in the textbook. The purpose of the education for works or job but, we are student then can not do full time and part time, then become the choice. And excellent if while study can do a part time job too, make a student have the knowledge at can use effectively in the life. And many the social, there is money buys to compensate for tiredness, help family save money. There will be more experience from workplace also. If the graduation of experience that occurred during the work part would allow us to do real work through problems in the future even if it is expendable just small matter. So, a job is importance for college student between study because organization or company want a student who have an experience come to work of course a job is the life of everyone. And now is ready to be doing a job. And when we are graduate, must not look for a job, because some company is wants us in come to do work. I'm understand with agree because, part time job there are a lot of merits to college student.


In my case, Part time job is important to many university students. Doing part time job help more grow up man. And get a confidence. Near my friends, some guy never do part time job. And he provides all money from his parents. He spends money buying something. I think he waste money to buy cloth. I asked him 'Hey do you think are you waste money?' and he said 'I'm ok my parents is rich person.' That moment I recognized. He doesn't know value of money. If he tried to get money through working, He couldn't say like that. In this situation. Doing part time job help to recognize value of money. Money is very important. Using money is easy, buy saving or getting money is hard and painful. I tried to save money, I make a plan. But I can't do like plan. It was very hard and difficult. When I worked at coffee shop, I made a many kind of coffee. Some rude people called me 'hay' I felt very not good. Getting money is painful that I knew it. But through coffee shop part time job I learned that getting money is hard and painful. So I planned always to use money. That behavior is always help me


It is important for college students to have a part  time job. As part time when a lot of variety to work part time students is increasing. Part  time job would be a good experience in college. Many part time work experience to be stacked. When I was a freshman, I had a part  time job. Gained valuable experience that allowed me to part  time job. I gained good experience. For example: Contact with people, Responsibility, Kindness, about my work full and so on.... There are many advantages when in working part time. Also, I could make some money. So we save the money. Money do you make us feel that parents can be difficult. Part  time jobs before going to the social practice is a step ahead. We can discovery confidence before social life. So importance of money will know. If you have knowledge of money to go out in society could will become easier. This day, part time job was a requirement. Therefore, Part time jobs just to make money nowadays are useless. Part time job could change soon because. Should be careful when working part time. Because it moves us one step further, because job. Again, I am a part time job while in school, actively approval it.


I agree about that Alba is a college student. If a student is studying, because no matter how long you cannot live with my parents rely on, my parents paid for it more naejusi is because you do not want to let a huge burden removed. And Alba do not have time to study it may be a problem due to their commitment. If an urgent situation without thinking about his other work to concentrate on her studies since. Alba also made the money for you, you are also saving lives and also can be relaxed and able to buy stuff and want to buy the idea in many ways. And before Miramar workers can see to resolve financial problems and can rise economic notion seems to be a good preparation for the future. Before I become a job that Alba is a very idle anhaebon I live comfortably, and the world seems to be thinking of. While giving birth to a child in the future will really be Alba. Miramar raised the notion that economic hard to do when Alba may be planning to meet while their competence and they may have found the benefits did not know I think. Performed well and the minimum wage to create a pleasant working environment to think. I want to thank you for comment. Have trouble.


I strongly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It may not always be easy to find spare time to get a job on top of all the school work. Sometimes it may even feel overwhelming for us to keep up with our busy schedule. However I believe it is critical for us as college students to have a part time job since it helps us to be more responsible in our actions. It not only helps us to be more conscientious in our spending but also allows us to be more alert to use our time more efficiently. If we earn our own money, we will be more careful in our spending too. It is true that harder we earn our money it is less likely that we waste or spend it easily on unnecessary items. Moreover, it is our responsibility to be more dependent as we get older. If we don't earn our money and just get it from our parents, it will get harder and harder for us to be independent. As a process of growing up and maturing, we need to have our own standards and values set properly and I believe that having a part time job while we are in school helps the process.


It is important to work part time college students to think. Does not interfere with studies must be part time extent. Part time job for the community will provide the opportunity to experience. Income from part time job and will help in your own living expenses. The lack of student tuition fees and part time leave of absence to the school cases. So rather than stop the progress of the study they need to work part time to make good use of time to think. In the case of part time jobs can also close the school. That something being a part time job and he's not a problem and how do you take advantage of that revenue is what is most important. Things to note include that you need to make good use of your income is the point. The study does not interfere with the time limit to invest their time in the income you will need to get a much cherished. Part time jobs are thought to be useful in many ways. Self help yourself can you give and I think social skills are raised. Penalty money they own money for money is precious, so I can feel it makes you think. By these part time job, I think that will be so helpful.


I think part time job is important. First, it makes me to feel importance of saving money. Before I entered the university, I already had experienced part time job. I worked in the factory in 5 days, in a resting place in 3 days and in restaurant in 3 days. I don't remember exactly due to work very shortly. But it was very tired and terrible. Whenever parents gave allowance, I had done anything to do. I bought clothes, ate out and went out to play with my friends. I didn't pay attention to the money before part time jobs did. I really knew how hard it was to earn the money. I thanked for parents after working. It is not bad that earning the tuition for myself. But one of bad points isn't time for me. Second, I felt a lot of things. At the end of each working, I thought that I really study hard. The other word, I really don't want work because part time job is too tired physically. But it makes me feel lots of things. For things that I want to do, study is very important. And I feel that there aren't easy things in the world. The little things need too much effort.


Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So that ways you do is a good way for your school life.


What comes to your mind when you think of college life? There are so many things you can think of, but there is one thing that you cannot miss, and that is part time job. In today's society, there are so many college students working part time. They even outnumbered the students who are not working part time. Why is it so popular among college students to work part time? It is because there are several advantages of having a part time job than not having one. It is important for college students to have a part time job. One of the main advantages for college students working part time is money. Unlike to middle school and high school, students have to pay tuition for their education in college. They also have to pay a lot for their books, and many other activities at school. Not only that, because they are now grown up people, they need a lot more spending money than they used to back in high school. The college students working part time have more ability to spend money than those who do not work, simply because they earn money from working. This helps not only students themselves, but their family who supports them as well.


College students are always a part time job. To be honest, with or without part time job cannot talk about college life. Because so much money because the college students. Tuition is expensive indeed. Far too himdeunge afford a home today is a reality. Furthermore, when the college students, there is plenty of real money sseulgotyi. Therefore include an allowance is difficult to solve everything. I would too is expected to work part time and vacations. It is not because of money. The two guys are, this is my brother The kids go to college it is that. The situation is so worried about my house. I can only work part time and not earning a lot of money. Dooley no money because the country concerned. Nowadays, because of this situation is a lot of part time. If the department wants to ensure that part time jobs from part time job because I'm in a department store because I've been. Very easy department store. That does not mean that less money. Five thousand won two an hour is urgent. Man, that is a part time hourly kinder. Furthermore, an addition that is not much. If you are waiting on the customers Therefore, part time and vacations, I will look in department stores stocking a lot of money, so Mom and Dad will give you the power.


It is important to college students for part time job is considered. Also part time students can do when you thought it was very important because one is needing to work part time to meet a man getting drunk and with friends can get through quickly. Need to work part time can be eaten too much to drink. And you need a part time job that I could survive it, you want to buy. Geumyideun from clothing or shoes.... Can survive many things. And as a part time college students can increase your independence. Salvoes 20 part time job at least once ad think that experience will be viewed. You receive an allowance to the parents, who live under a just wrong. Been in financial difficulties to watch live. As a part time job to escape from economic hardship, and even part time minimum wage is lower, but still might be a good experience and would be a good thing. And by working part time in the future when I graduated from college and gone to community college because of the variety of experiences ahreubayiteuhan will be able to get a good job. In addition, by working part time will result in economic ideas. The notion that these economies have grown at a later time not rule out in society will have a good economic idea. You can also find sojunghamdo money directly earn money because I can see sojunghamdo money. Part time work experience in the community in advance that you can experience the variety will be a social experience. Later graduated from society by hard experience, when would be a good member of society? Therefore, part time job as a college student is one of just have to try.


I find that it is very important for students to look for a part time job in school, because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So you must do something what you believe it.


A part time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. I have a part time job at the school. Because I want to use my own money earned. But I also attend the school. With both is not easy. Obviously one thing gives a negative impact on the rest. It is possible that you can not only be injured, but also get fatigue. Therefore, it's a bad influence on your own work such as health, study and normal pattern in life. Too tired and cannot concentrate in studies. And receives a lot of stress. If you can afford the time, you should go to the travel. After getting a job, maybe you don't have enough time to go to the travel. If you don't afford the money, try to borrow money from the bank just a little. When you've got a job, you can pay back easily. The most important thing is developing you and experiencing various things. Please do not part time job and spend time wisely. But is not always a bad thing. Meet new friends, and you can try a lot of good experience. If you want to work part time and studying both the good and you should be thinking a lot. It is very important and also the choice of job. Therefore, plan well before you start work and the schedule should be designed.


Part time jobs in university to think it is important. Because students do not have the money. If you are not wealthy parents to work part time is essential. South Korea's tuition is too expensive. So if you do not got enough money for my parents to raise children, should be work part time. University in South Korea due to determine the salary from the company should be a graduate of the University. So messy and expensive university tuition fees should get pay. If that does not win the lottery and part time university students must earn tuition. Part time in college because I was not interested, but because you are interested in college wanted to go back to school will earn money. Soon as possible college tuition has been lowered to concentrate on their studies are expected to arrive any day Tuition is now a little cheaper than if you'd like to the students they'd be keen to study tuition's blaming. A lot of money and my money, who have been studying the peace more difficult to study the reality seems to be wrong For those who wish to be given more opportunities that I think. And when that day come? Dream like story... I got to eat, and part time job


I agree to the above argument. Unfortunately, a lot of college tuition these days is expensive. Grade class wants to hear college students want to come out well. But as you can because this reality is that you need a part time job. With poor living conditions in the house it is difficult to attend college. Part time job because you need money to earn an allowance paid for produce. Even to attend school part time job is necessary. There are also advantages of part time job. Study is to experiment with something other than. Twelve to earn money is not easy, but can be rewarding. I'm trying new things, experience is important that is. May be part time job is good opportunity more than to study. Studying part time work may be disturbed. Many worry about the prayer part time professors. However, while studying part time job even harder is when. Part time job can find a lot of people. To choose his future can be helpful. Raise money to my parents happy. When the remaining time after school to play better than part time. It is important for college students to have a part time job. Part time job for someone that is absolutely necessary to have a great opportunity for someone to make.


I agree for this topic Because university life is based on social life I think gain knowledge of what is important but much experience more important I had a part time job help to me This work too hard, but useful thing and make some money I have work the part time job for kindergarten assistance for children's festival Children are so cute and friendly to me That part time job is tired but I was happy and worth Part time job are many useful species for university students. For example only vacation part time job and special treatment for only university students You get part time job of your major study and your interest's part time job is help for your future. I will work part time job for summer vacation Part time job is much advantage First, learn important manners are in society Second, knowing the importance of money The reason money management for hard earned money and understanding importance of money Third hang out with friends Moreover university students have much time especially vacation is best I think level up study for important but work part time job important too. Part time job to university students gain money and many useful experiences Therefore ""i agree. It is important for college students to have a part time job. ""


What is important for college student's ahreubayi? I agree with part time students. They just want a lot of new things. If you do not want a bag you do not have the money ten thousand. So what about you? Because I also have to agree with all the money, therefore you try to work part time over part time students get something they want to work part time can be about the number of part time social work experience cannot be taught in the schools, for example, services such as mental Family restaurant, a systematic correlation in the relationship between the school, you can learn things you can learn from. School you think you need the ability to learn, but it's too early to start a part time job, even if the age progression of the spirit of community service and service learning to the students today are more opposed to change while losing. Held responsible for some of his work report at a young age before blogs, or if you determine that something is, deviating to the exclusion of others which is the age and lack of critical thinking skills. Part time college students think it's absolutely necessary, but it is all there is no need to keep the party together. Sound and the right end of a part time job to learn a lot of things going


I will explain about part time job's requirement. I think that we must experience a part time job. There are five reasons of my opinion. First, we will go to company after graduation. The company demands various experience because the company wants to a man with a varied career. The companies don't like a beginner. Because they don't know about an applicant's ability. Second, a part time job gives a social nature to part timer. Because when a part timer works in work place, he meets many people. He experiences many situations. Third, we can make money. A part timer gets paid for his labor. Forth, we have a lot of job for a while. We have many different jobs so, we experience various lives. After part time job, we can have a big dream and realize a dream. Fifth, we can live productive life. And we can have positive thinking. So we will live a good life. There are many reasons about part time job's strength. For such a reason, so we have to experience a part time job. Therefore, experience of the part time job require is very important to everyone. We have got to part time jobs that wanting a better life.


I agree. Part time job at least once in our lives necessary. First, the burden of university tuition is too high. Therefore, we need to make an earn money. And the university is first step for society. Thus we have to gain more experience and ability. Various occupations in life to meet a lot of people are very important. This will help a lot of job opportunities seem to be. Experience with various occupations, working part time and gain experience in the process. And I think it is important to learn. In addition, through part time job to learn from your mistakes. And then more will try to do better. Meeting many people and as a society can continue to learn. And you can feel money is valuable while make money. Because in the future earn a money by myself. Part time job is early social life. Later, while living in the community will be very helpful. Also had ever seen in my life by experiencing new things, you can broaden your horizons. The job of the future do not know and what to do in the future. So I think trying to find the talents and aptitude. It will be in the future helpful.


I came pretty much try to work part time. Try to calculate the part time job came at a convenience store. And Courier, pubs serving, jjugumi serving, serving seafood, etc. I will discuss part time job. A part time job is a job in which an employee does not work full hours. Employment in a part time job has advantages and disadvantages which need to be carefully weighed when one is considering employment options. Typically, an employment announcement or job vacancy listing will indicate whether a position is full or part time, as the number of hours offered is important to many people. Part time jobs may also be referred to as part time employment, or PTE. A part time job often has the advantage of more flexible hours. Sometimes employees can at least partially dictate their own schedules, thereby setting up a job which is in alignment with life and other needs. Part time jobs may also offer benefits such as discounts to employees, and in some regions of the world, as long as employee works at least half time, he or she is eligible for other employee benefits as well. These benefits may include sick pay, insurance, payments into pension funds, or vacation time. In other cases, these benefits are not offered; this is one of the biggest disadvantages of a part time job.


As soon as I graduated from high school started a part time job. My first part time job was eating event. My first began part time job in e mart. The first went to a friend's introduction. Then the first time, part time work was too hard to me. That is my first I had earned that money. And since I have been working part time at e mart. Still I have work a part time job in a weekend. Now the fun part time job. I am going to work in e mart. But study will not effect. Never. I do this while providing the service a lot of people learn how to be impermeable. Hard sometimes when your guests, but Entertain friends with the people I work with are trying to do. Because part time jobs that do not play with your friends, but you do not mind some days. Instead, the pay is buying a lot of things I want to buy. If the opportunity presents itself I want to try a different part time job. For example, an internship or others like to gain experience different. Many part time jobs to gain experience in the future. I want to collect a lot of money. And I want that money to go traveling


Today, many college students have a part time job. Because they need a money for their allowance and so on. Above all, they work for their expensive school fees. Likewise I have been worked part time job for 4years. I get a lot of social experience and met many various people through that. Also I felt delight and despair during working. That experience and feeling will be the part of my growth. Then, is it important for college students to have a part time job? I think that case by case. Because I feel that Korea part time job's environment is very bad. The first reason is that pay is very low. Many people can't receive their minimum wages. Me too. This is not fair obviously. And the second reason is bad employer. They often ask to the student employee sexual claim delicately. So employee can't send employer to police. Though I can't see them, I am very displeasure. Of course every employer isn't bad. Also student employees can get a many valuable things. Selection is they'. I hope that they get a good experience through part time jobs. And I wish that part time job's environment is improves better than now.


I think that need part time job for students. Through part time job. I can learn many things. Much kind of jobs. I can find myself. What am I good at part? You can't do anything you can't find Yourself, I think that is very wonderful. Find myself. In life, finding my self is very important. Knowing my good at part, and my ability. I can find some part of myself doing part time job. I sale some product. I find my ability. Sales are very funny. So I apply my major business. It was good choice. If I didn't do part time job. I could find my ability. But doing part time job loses something. I lose memories with my friends. I was busy during part time job and I studied many things... I can't play with my friends. That was so sad. But I learned many things. My friends said 'you are very independence. I want to learn your ability. 'I was very happy. I think I am growing. I was very shy person. But Through many experience about society I changed very activity person. I really thankful that. I can change. And I want to be a good salesperson.


Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. If you are a student what will you do when you have time in school Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something,


I do not agree. Part time jobs are very time consuming. Part time work will interfere with the study. The youth will not be able to enjoy part time job. Part time work experience is important. But now the level of experience of the students did. Students will need space. Hard to day students. Because part time to give up much. Dating, marriage, childbirth these things. This only reflects the reality of young people. At a young age can only receive, give yourself the benefit of a real shame it is not. Part time job, but not directly caused by the high cost of college is to work, because the students are exported. Also returning to school were earning college tuition or other issues are under no. Precarious employment and a job, then worry about college tuition are. Study, work, careers, students were trying to get everything're losing every day. This whole thing is what all facets of social phenomena. Students go sick. Nothing is very hard to work part time. The majority of the students of the branch manager will not let you rest. No longer young, the future of the future is not Before challenge in the future society is pushing young people into the land of death. That is the reality.


I agree to part time job One point is useful to a lot of part time job First, you can amass a lot of experience Meanwhile, my own work and happiness know how the map can live comfortably. Second, know the importance of money is When my own money knows the importance of money and can feel worthwhile Third, you can feel a sense of accomplishment When my parents' help, they make money directly stream is difficult, but you can feel a sense of accomplishment Fourth, I want you to prepare for future career to be seen. I'll follow a part time job related to my interests and what to do in the future can tell. As shown above, there are many good points. If you experience during the semester and part time job even earn an allowance, and parents are able to relieve the burden. Write their spending money earned is money, know the importance. Intercourse in exchange for lining his pocket with a few extra dollars should not just be money, but it requires a lot of time and effort. Students will be more difficult step in making money. Difficulties, but look, rather than direct experience will feel more points. Part time professional experience as a student let!


Increase unemployment society, a part time job is very important for every school students. Because many students don't know who am I and what do I do in my future. Doing the Part time job, they find their job that exact fit their personality. Because they will know many kind of jobs and each jobs tasks and what is the fittest on my character. The part time job makes them realized our society include value of money. Many students didn't know society. So they always say "I'm going to earn big money. " or "I'm going to do work as self employee. " Some answers it's true but many students haven't plan and didn't know their position. The part time job can help to find their position. And the Part time job is training independence and changing spending habit. My parents make me do Part time job. It's true my home doesn't have much money for raise children. That moment the part time job annoying me but that moment my parents don't care about my spending. So I changed my habit of spend and I learned independence. The part time job is important to our future as that reasons. So we have to do a lot of type part time job in young age.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons. First, students can build social experience by part time job. After graduating from school, students start social life. However, if students start social life without social experience, they will meet difficulty. Therefore, doing social life is good thing in advance. Also, nowadays, when companies pick up a person, they prefer experienced people to not people. In order to get a job, they need too much social experience. Next, there is a second reason. They can live without the help of parents. They can earn money, and thank parents. Today, a lot of students need to help of parents, so a lot of parents help their son or daughter. However, when students have part time job, they doesn't need to help of their parents. Finally, they can build friendship from person relation. They have to meet a lot of people and talk to them, because deal with people is difficult from social life. People dislike unkind, unfriendly and rude person, so, they can learn kind and friendly acting. Although there are a lot of reasons, I think it is the most important reason. For this reason, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


You have a nice school life? What will you do? You want to have a nice life? Students can find a part time job if they can when they are in university or collage because it can give you a lot exercise and you can get a lot of success from that, not just money but friends, you can do something better when you do part time job, friends is the best way when you do something, If you get hard you can ask help from them no matter where you are, no matter what will you do, no matter who you are, this is a very unforgettable value you own, if you are old you can think about that time you do these things, you can find it is very beautiful, now parents is very hard to do the job and for our family, so do part time job is a good way to do something to relax and help our family. Many people think it is unusual to do a part time job, they play games or shopping in the stores, waste of time and waste of money, ran money is hard but waste of money is easy, many people is poor because they do not work hard and they have no sign in their life ways, in your life you have many chance and you have many choice, if you lost it, perhaps, it is forever. So that ways you do is a good way for your school life. Do you think it is a good way to have a good school life?


Recently, the most issue of college students is tuition. Correctly, that is tuition bomb. We pay big money for tuition. Look around; there is many people who get a loan. In my opinion, college students to have a part time job are not important. That is for condition. If you rich enough you don't have to worried about pay for tuition. But if you not, you must to be a part time jobber. You can't afford pay for tuition, that means you are not rich, so you have to get a loan for attend the college. Then you have a dept and repay yourself. Because you are not child anymore, so can't bother your parents for repaying tuition. However there is an exception. That is a scholarship. Theoretically to receive a scholarship is easy. You can just study hard and participate the party or festival that you belong. But my experience, to receive a scholarship is very difficult to me during four years. So do I, I have been part time job since I am 20. Therefore you cannot try to study hard, and not rich, you have no choice. You find a part time job. So part time job is not important everyone. That just only important to needed to one.


I agree to part time job of students. Because they want to much something new items. If you want to bag but you don't have money. So what about you? Everybody try to some part time job for money Thus, through part time college students can get something they want to work part time because I have to agree also, do not learn in school by working part time social experience can be For example, a systematic correlation in the relationship between a family restaurants, like the spirit of service can learn things that schools can learn from. While school is losing is that change than students today by learning the spirit of service and service to society even if you go ahead you need to have the ability to learn to think But it was too early age about starting a part time job is the opposite. Held responsible for some of his work lacks critical thinking skills in an age that you can do on this blog or to the exclusion of others ahead of the report to if you feel there is something at a young age, is by deviating. So keep up with part time college students think it's absolutely necessary but it is a state that it is not necessary for everyone. Sound and make the right part time jobs would have to learn many things through


Suicide is not saving tuition to students with bad credit are looking and students have been increasing. Soaring cost of college tuition and half rally the news lately we've heard. Aptitude unconditionally to go to college these days does not go to college should not society, society has become. But he had no money to go to college unconditionally cannot graduate from college students is increasing. Graduated from the University hag does right not to be employed to have a lot of students is the reality of today. But nonetheless, we came out of college at the University of the Obligation to invest a lot of money. So, the students work part time tuition and fees will be prepared. Part time jobs to college students are a good experience. Before going into society, students should consider a good experience. Part time is not a bad job. However, studies do not even look at the article to raise tuition fees For part time work is difficult. In my opinion, half the fee, if not get off a little So that students can learn a little more comfortable in this society to supporting Roles are considered. Split time during the semester to part time hours of tuition you want to earn their own tuition, but even now that The bear's tough to fit on the twelve is all that is gone.


I'm in college and having to accept part time job. Because there are people who like having a part time job. The house is poor and circumstances Whose going private is not involved? But do not take pride in a job This is a problem. Prefer part time students must have their pride as professionals. Otherwise, the view is not a good look. But there are problems. If things could be less studied. If you do not mind this issue is a part time job But by hiring two people part time, let the two people in the economic help. I should think positively about part time job. Both work and personal life because it can. I hope it is not bad I think the transition should be. Tuition comes a lot of talk recently on the news. Tuition is expensive. So people are hard to. So, students must earn money, part time job. Should help in some way. Tuition should go down Attends a school not too expensive There is a lot of fighting going on. Lower tuition to that fact is not. Should pick up visions of them dividends. It is a bad idea. We will find solutions together So I'm in college and having to accept part time job.


I agree it is important for college students to have a part time job because money is very important and we are life very funny. There must be money to live a rich life. Hang out with friends, you need to get that money also can live and travel food. College students eat a lot to drink so money is a very important resource. If the parents and help you at work part time and extra money Proficient leisure life. If part time job to earn money and have a good experience. Through experience can be helpful in social life. Filial to their parents for earning money and making money as they could survive the book. And the savings are able to help in the future when he was home. At other times, you can work part time, but the money that vacation. And I have to earn the money their parents can offer you a worry free. I'm money, because it is a very poor college student working part time should be just. Write to my parents, because God forbid he takes the allowance is. The best of the current capitalist society, money is because money goes down, so I have to live longer. I agree


My dream is that the police as a kid. I have by becoming a police officer to help all the people I would like to live in peace. So since middle school to go to the police department were studied. I am currently studying at Deleon University Police Department. Especially now, in order to become police officers is a lack of English. So this summer, I'll concentrate on learning English in the idea. Attending the police department during term time to study people with a dream, do you help a lot here? The police, as well as studying to become fitness should be good also. Therefore, the current guidance, such as Aikido and I'm on my way and build up stamina jeokeurodo. Police civil service examination subjects in English, affairs, criminal law, criminal procedure law, there is police science. Among them, I seem the most difficult English. I've learned English since elementary school, but so deep recognition that is difficult. Most people have difficulties with grammar, but I feel a lot harder with English reading comprehension. Do not say a long sentence, especially the more interpretation. Therefore, I am a lot of English sentences, rather than the interpretation it is important to interpret correctly.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. First, college students will take a nice job after graduation, and they know that when owners need and pick the new officer, they usually want who man has many experience to other office. Students can make experience, such as visiting other countries, working somewhere, and internship. My friend worked for a long time in one company when she was college student, and then she could get a job to there. Second, they always feel that college fee is very expensive. So they need a lot of money for college life. But they can not work for a long time and every days, Because, they are student, and students have study. Finally, they learn to the value of money. Today, we live in richness of everything. If we want to hold something or want to change such as telephones, MP, and watch, we can hold that from parents or somebody. So, we don't know the value of money. I think that if college students have a part time job, they will grow great man and will change they's life, so a part time job of college students is very important.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job in our country? I agree this opinion. Many college students need money for their school life. They want to do a lot, buy a lot of things, and eat a lot of food. However, they do not have enough money to do everything. So, they should earn the money. However, they cannot have a full time job because they are students the most important thing is studying. So, if they want to work, they should get a part time job. Of course, their parents give money to their son and daughter, but it is not enough to keep their life. Sometimes, when they work the owner does not give money on day. So many students cannot take the money though they work hard. So the country should make the law about this problem, and the owner should follow the this rule, when they hire the part time job students. In conclusion, the law should be made and the students should work hard to earn money for their life.


I think that having part time job is important to college students, because if we have a part time job, we can grow up our responsibility. Many adults say that students should study hard rather than spending time on part time jobs. However, I think part time jobs of college students as they can learn importance of money and responsibility. The first reason is to get an experience. Working experiences are really important to get a job. Also, students can learn respecting other people. The second reason is to gain a valuable insight about a career. Before I go to real fields of work, I need to learn skills and knowledges for the work place, and I want to see which job is really fit to me. The last reason is to earn money. Many people who is University students want to get their own money, because they can pretty clothes and eat good food. However, we only shouldn't concentrate on getting a money, because we are student yet. We have to focus on studying subjects. Working for money might bother focusing on study, because It costs a lot of valuable time. I think most good way is getting a money in vacation, studying in semester. I believe having a part time job is very beneficial for college students.


