Part time job means to do job in free time with the studies. to make yourself more confident independable, to cope with changing and challenging time people prefer to do part time job. part time job is beneficial as well as has disadvantages. To make your children trained in science and theories at school is not enough to prepare them for future life. parents must think about a way to familarize them with the challenging world by encouraging them to take their part time job. One preparation for youth to keep pace into future life is the skill of dealing and communicating people. When doing a part time job, they have to meet with people of different cultures and different countries, the communicating ability is indispensable and this is a great chance for them to polish their abilities. Another reason for young people to encourage them to take part time jobs is the importance of learning how to take responsibility. parents never want their children to be involved in such activities, however every one have to face complexities to turn into adult life. Challenging world needs responsible people not those who are careless and do not take any responsibility so part time job is one of the best way to cope with this world and work with responsibility. responsible person are always motivated and appreciated and encouraged. Also it gives the money importance and this job is a solution of many problem. The most immediate benefit that students get from this job is earning money. money is very useful for every one. every thing can be bought only by money. part time job could make them able to realize how hard their parents worked for them. part time job is simply a practice for a better future career. however this is disadvantageous also in many senses. major problem that is caused by it is health problem. students who do their part time job becomes distract from studies. they get de  motivated by it also.


 Since the mankind has come into existence ALLAH provided everything but when the humans didn't obeyed ALLAH orders, they payed for their deeds. So from that day every human worked In different forms for his provisions. Some were successful in it and some are still trying hard to meet their both ends. Part time job is one of those different forms of works i. e. doing jobs at a place for few hours and being payed for it, from which billions of people are earning their provisions. Generally, it is done to have that extra cheese or cream in your life, which will make your life more tempting and attractive. But sometimes it is done to meet all the expenses at the end of the month, and in fewer exceptions people do it as a hobby. Turning their spare time in the form of cash. Nothing is perfect in this world so same is the scenario with part time job. It has its good part and worst ones too. Good part is that you have a little bit handsome amount of money in your hands in short time. you are not spending your time like a couch potato. High turnovers, no consistency in quality are few of the ones to be highlited.


Part time job people do in the other time than jobs. Part time job is good for people. In part time job people work different times. People want more money for home. So they can not afford different things for their homes. So they do extra work for get more money. That extra work is called part time job. Part time job are for short time and short duration like one hour or two hours or four hours. People part time job get more busy. For more money they work hard. In this way the part time job help them to get more extra money for their home problems. Part time job is very good thing. Every person should done it. Some woman also do part time jobs. Some times they teach in acadmy or some tuiton center. This is a good part time job. The good students also part time job. They help their family in earning money by doing part time job. In this way they help his father to burden less on their home of their study. But the part time job have some bad effect also. Part time job is waste time and greed for money. Social life is no good in part time jobs.


Part time job is a kind of job which is in addition to the job or business a person is doing to increase his income than expenses or to meet his expenses. For instance, a person is clerk in an office and he gets free in the afternoon and is known as clerk in his community. Now, if he starts another job like a mobile shop from after noon to night, he is doing a part time job. There is a need of part time job in two cases. First, a person doing part time job may run short of his income having more expenses. Second, a person who is not running short of income but wants to improve his life by getting car instead of a bike, house instead of living at rent, daily fruits rather than weekly eating etc. Part time job is hard job and always done with short time frame of mind. I mean people always start such jobs with an intentions to leave that job after achieving some temporary targets like marriages of daughters or studies of children etc. Most of the time part time job is not more than six hours and people are not professional in such jobs. It is common in the countries where inflation rates are high or people are showy. They want to meet the self created useless standards in the society and for that purpose they get into such jobs. There is a loss also that we can't pay time for the basic purpose of coming in this world that is to pray. Especially being muslim one should realize that we are to pray and to make others to pray also as no prophet to come now and we are responsible to preach the reason of being sent to this temporary world. In this context, part time job is just wastage of time, not always as someone doing in need, as people should control their desires.


Part time jobs are the jobs or works that people do besides their daily work routine and life. If a student goes to school, college or university in morning and do something to earn money in evening, he is doing part time job. If an employee work in an organisation in morning and do work somewhere else in evening, he is doing part time job. Now the question is why people do part time job? A major reason is that they want to make money to earn thier livings. Today is the time when inflation rate is increasing day by day and it has becoming impossible even for a family head of upper middle class to maintain their status and keep their lives going smoothly. So they do parts time jobs. Students do it just to help their family, make their own pocket money or for the sake of experience, exposure and feel of independence. It makes them aware of practical world and show them its glimpses. Now as far as matter of payments of part time jobs is concerned, its not very satisfactory. Some mills and organisations pay very fairly. For example Interloop, a knitting industry, pays their workers if they stay in mills after 5 to complete their work. But some oganisations cruely exploit their employees. To conclude with we can say, part time jobs are need of time. One must full fill one's needs with one's own efforts. As working ourselves is far more better than begging others


Part time job is a very useful source of income for student. They can take their class in the morning and can do any part time job in the evening or at night. People comes to the known the important of money when they adults. They have to earn some money to run their homes or release some pressure from their parents who earn money and take them to at such a level that now they can Able to do something. some people select teaching the matric class or intermediate classes and some people selects to work at call center but their aim is to decrease their depend their parent or their caretakers and fulfill their desires. But there are some people who take them or a profession. They stop caring about their studies. They try to earn as much as they can giving their study less importance and working hours which affects their health. There is a tendency for time job fort these who live in hostels for studies some of them are not financially supported as mush and they have to pay their fees. Govt. should provide scholarships for deserving students so that they can study and get high grades.


When college life starts, students enter in a new phase of life. College life is quite different from school life. Moreover the expenditures are too increased. Some of the parents can not afford the academic expenditures, so, they do not permit their children to get education. But students with good academic records and those who are keep to get educated, they start part time jobs, to fulfil their expenditures along with studies. But, I totally disagree to it. Though on one hand, its useful that in a way students can help out their parents, even though, I disagree with this, because students are the main pillars society. They are the backbone of our progress. So, they should give their full time and potential to studies. If they, start part time jobs, then no doubt, it would be rather more difficult for them to manage both their jobs and studies. In this way they couldn't give their best in any one of them. Infect, they will be tired and frustrated. The timing work will exhaust them and they will fail to cope with their studies. As a result they will be in efficient and will show worse results in college. The life of a students is the golden time of their life. It is the time, when they have wishes because they are not nature rough. They wanted to plunge onto the starts. So, they should not include in part time jobs. Infect, they should have fours on their goal.


College students are at level where they are sensible enough to understand that what is better for them. They come to college, a place where they come with many aspirations and high aims and goals. They are students who want to touch the pinnacles of success with protruding wishes and aims. However, some of the students aer diverted from their path due to some reasons. In other words they start doing part time jobs and hence as a result they suffer. There are some hidden causes behind this. Firstly we would discuss the major reason of students doing part time jobs as it is said, Pouerty is the causes of all ills and the waste of all the crimes. Hence as necessity is the mother of inventions, like wise these poor college students, in order to fulfill the basic necessities of their lives indulge in part time jobs, hence their attention toward studies is diverted and they start getting down in studies which is their main aim. Hence in a nutshell to present the students from doing such part time jobs and foe showing the precious futures of young talent the root causes, poverty should eradicated so that every individual grows up as a light of hope and properity.


Part time job is necessary for college students. Now a days it is very important for a college student to do part time job to make his or her and his or her family life easy. Job make a students responsible and dependent. It increase their self esteem also ;as we know now a days it is difficult for parents to afford education expenditures college student is a big boy or girl so he can do a job he can afford his or her expenditures. as compare to other countries in Pakistan the job rate of college students is low. In foreign countries students do part time job and their lives easy. A good student manage their study and job both together. It is wrong to focus only job. Balance should be there. If the student do job and not the study he will fail. So he should be careful. By doing job in college make a student responsible and their also effect on the progress of the country. Student feel him self complete and this increase self power. So every student should do job for their self for their parents and for their country so out country can develop.


 It is an important for college students to have part time jobs. Students are an important part of any nation or society. Because they are nation builders. They have to work for their country or people in their future or practical life. So it is very important or beneficial for the students to do a part time job. With this activity they can learn better and know about the other world and its ups and downs. With the part time job a student can bear his or her financial burden. He or she can also support his or her family or parents who are responsible to stand the student strongly on his own feets. Part time job has also many benefits like it keep the students away from the bad people and bad activates by engaging there mind in the spare time. They can make use full their leisure time and also get money for their daily spending. So we can say that by the part time job a students can learn more better or efficient practically and can stronger his or her household or family. Also they can work for the goodness of their country and nation and make it rich.


 Job is helpful resource for students because they can easily fulfill their expenses for Education and others expenses. Many Foreign students choose to do part time work to help pay their tuition or living expenses. Many Foreign students emerged themselves in some type of part time work. With the cost of education on the rise, more students are feeling to need to try to achieve some sort of finical independence. Unfortunately, in most cases finical aide and scholarships are offered on a need and or merit basis, that's why a vast majority of College students do not necessarily fall in those categories. Although, the idea of acquiring a part time job may be discouraging to some students, it does have its advantages. For many students those who receive a steady flow from their parents, a majority of others have to budget their expenses and take on a part time job to supplement their income. Some students receive very low package of money from their parents for their educational purposes. That's why they do part time work in different places to fulfill their desires and other educational expenses. Job is a necessary fact for many College students'. Those students who do jobs; they can face their responsibilities with bravely. Job is good way to prove himself as a responsible and hardworking student which they can achieve their goal with their Own struggle.


Part time job is work which done to improve experience or money. Mostly it is used for extra money or to fulfill our commodities of life. People do part time job due to spend their leisure time. And other then to improve their experience or to change their daily routine life. Specially students done to share the burden of their parents. They want to do part time job to become independent. Women do part time job to help their family or bear their personal needs separately or earn money as the helping hand. But everyone who done part time job face many problems in domastic life routine life also because they have to work like a machine. Mostly women face several problems due to family neglation. If they do part job then they have no spare time to spend with their family, children or friends. In students do part time job then they can not make the deficiency in their study. In short every thing in this world has benefits or demerits also and no one in this world who lead a perfect life so if somebody wants to do any thing in his life so he has to manage the time and his family. If he done unwillingly then he has to neglect it or if it necessary then he should face the problems and has power to solve them.


The trend of part time job is very common in Pakistan as well as in other countries. Specially in European countries because parents cant support their child for their basic needs. It is very common specially in students. The students which are not rich or parents can't spend their money on their studies or parents cant afford them. Part time job mean to do job during studies there were many reasons for part time job. Students do a lot of work to support them self's. In morning they join schools, colleges or universities or at evening they do jobs. Some students do part time jobs just because of fun or some on the basis of their interest but really need it. I think its not necessary for college students and the students who do part time jobs because of their family problems. Parents insist their child to support the family. because their income was not enough to support whole family. And they also studied same time because of burden they lose their health or not able to do one thing properly. But some Child were very talented. They do job or also give proper time to their studies. Their academic record was good. I think if student don't need job then don't do it just focus on their studies with full concentration.


They can get money from it and use this money for their university or college expense. They can buy the books and note books from this money. They also buy their clothes from it the can buy different things from their salary. They can pay their college fee from it. They can also help their parents and friends. They can work for their country. They can be happy and joyful. If they done the part job they get a lot of experience and lot of knowledge. They also use their experience in their next coming life from their salary they can enjoy the all charms of life. They make their life independent they can help the poor also. If the start part time job it also help the development of country. If they can play very important role for the development of nation. They can make their nation strong. Students are backbone of nation if they are strong then every nation will be strong. If poor people who can not read they start part time job and get education easily. It is necessary part time job for students. It is necessary for society to give part time jobs to students.


Part time job means to do extra work at somewhere with your routine life duties. Now a days most of people do part time job due to inflation. Specially majority of students doing part time job after their college or university timing. Students doing part time job for many purposes, there are also many causes of doing part time job. Students who belong to middle class or poor families doing it, to help out their parents in fulfilling their education needs. They do not want to became a burden on their parents. On the other hand students who belong to high class also doing part time job, to fulfill their enjoyment needs. Some doing it for their own affection, but majority of students who doing part time job belong to middle class families. Their purpose behind doing it, is to serve their own self and also serve their parents. Part time job can effect on the study of students. By doing this, they have less time for their studies, they can not concentrate on their studies, specially if their job is very hard, so it should be very important for doing part time job that they should have to choose such type of job which is not too much hard or time consuming. Where, Part time job has side effects on the study of students, there it also has lots of benefits for students. In this way they became confident and know themselves properly, also they get experience in their practical life how to survive in practical life and how to meet with other peoples. So, after all we make a conclusion that part time job should be necessary for all the college students, there is only a need, that they should have to know how they can manage their timing for doing part time job and also have better understanding on choosing a job for themselves.


Part time job for college student are more common among the student of the college level in many foreign countries and also in Pakistan. Students are involved in the part time jobs to earn the money which would fulfill their need for education etc. The students do part time jobs as they are not or cannot be support by their parents because of the concept of freedom for everyone or due to poverty. There is equally chance that there will be loss in studies of the students performing the jobs. They often fell prey to discuss due to over work. On the other hand it is also said that the person who wishes to achieve something however the and tough condition he face. He gets destination part time jobs provide the students to be practical in life. But despite of the above facts the part jobs mostly have adverse effects. The students who only do their studies will full concentration are more successful than those performing the jobs. No matter that these jobs help in their life but the first priority must be their studies so that they will be educated to get much better jobs in future. The government should provide opportunity to the students who complete their studies without the fear of financial crisis. They should be given enough scholarships to fix up their studies.


Colleges are responsible to give intimidate classes or even higher intermediate. College life is said to be the golden period of life full of emotions, ambitions, enthusiasm and health. Children of this age have retain guts in them which flourish during this span of their lives. Students when enter this new phase of their life they undergo certain, particulars changes in their habits which may be posture or enrapture. Student often think that they now need no more guidance appreciation or encouragement when they enter in relieves. This self confidence builds certain bad features in them which may spoil them if not removed. Some children are so poor to acquired and get education that either they haven't got their parents or they live from hand to mouth. But their children have a great affection towards acquiring and gaining education. Often they seen to be working in a mechanical shop get a very little pay or may became scepters only to get education. If we pay any attention towards them that how do they work the whole day and get a little amount. They do part time jobs to decrease their thirst for knowledge. Government should pay head towards them and try to minimize it. Because if they were brought on front line then they will also play a irate role in the progress, development and prosperity of their nation.


The student of new generation are unaware of the demand of modern age. They are involved in petty persuits and are living all lives. They hardly pay attention to their studies. And the education is the important factor leading to the success of the nation. I am really against the issue that part time job is essential for college students. The foremost responsibility of a student is to be well educated and acquire higher grade which is only achieved by hard work because hard work is the key to success. If the students start doing jobs. They will waste their time and would face great hardships. They would not be able to cope with their tough life and at last, will unable to attain their goals due to their stiff and tiring life. The students should pay their full attention towards their studies. Anyhow, if the students are deficit of their basic requirements and have a tough job to get hold of their family by their income, they should do part time jobs but only in that aspect that a light job which do not effect their health. And through it the students sufficiently fulfill his and his family expenses. But if a student does not falls short of any of his needs, he should avoid doing part time jobs and be confident that after being professional, he will earn his own income and would live independently.


Life is too busy and full of difficulties. One has to toil from dawn to dusk to live in this world. Inflation is increasing day by day. Usually, there is one earninPg person to support large family. For such families job part time job is very beneficial. It reduces financial burden of such large families. In developing countries like Pakistan, part time job is beneficial. Usually the income of a person is less than his/her expenditures. In this case part time job helps a lot in many ways. It reduces one's tension. it lowers one's burden. Part time job helps a person to support his or her large family. It is very beneficial financially and economically. A person can fulfill the desire of his children. This world is not easy to live in. Therefore a person doing part time job can easily support his family and in a better way to live. Everyone has a desire that he or she should have nice house nice furniture and high standard of living. All this is possible only because of part time job. By doing part time job one can increase the standard of his or her living and can support his family in a very better way. The only disadvantage of part time job is that, it increases the burden of work. A person doing part time job feels very tired at the end of the day. \he or she finds no time to observe nature or to have a lunch or dinner with his /her family. He/she becomes a machine that works day and night with rest. Such a person has no pleasure in his/her life. But as Muhammad Ali Jinnah said, Work, Work and work. By this reference we can understand the benefits of work and also part time job. In short, there are many advantages or benefits of part time job because it helps a person to support his family and fulfill their needs or desires.


Part time job is in fact a job which a person does in his extra time. It can be a tuition centre job, home tuition job, or a call centre job or online jobs etc. Part time job become a trend in present age mostly students attract toward it. Some people take it as a fun, some in order to get experience, some as a time pass and some in order to fulfill their needs and to support his family financially. Most of students belong to poor families and they are not able to fulfill their study expenses so they join part time job to fulfill their needs. Some students take it as a hobby they know about the value of time and instead of wasting their time, they join some job to get experience. Some people take it as a fun like online jobs. It helps people to fulfill their needs. Part time job encourage to enhance the professional attitude of a person. But some time students involved themselves that much in this job and leave the studies, and always try to get money that is not good. If it is taken in positive way it is very helpful.


Part time job for college student is not essential. But in some respect it may be essential. Some student whose parent is not able to educate them because they are poor. Some student parent had died. So they do job after college time. It is bad because in this way they do not give time to their study. Which cause failed in collage? College should have opportunity to give them money and to teach them free on the basis of their previous result and also give money to fulfil their needs for books and their person needs. For this purpose government should take step. They should make college in which student which are poor can study and also give them daily work. Or in the other hand after school time in the school or college they do some and Government give them rupees to fulfil their needs. Some student do part time fob to busy them salve they should not do so because it destroy their future. They should give attention to their study and get success. Some student do this to fulfil their outstanding desire which they do not fulfil with their pocket money it only waste their time if they do so the do not give attention to study and if they also give attention to study they weak physically. And disturb their health. For poor student Government take step and for other student they do not so do.


Jobs for college students, are first step to the road to practical life. A job in college life gives one new propetires opens new visitor to think. It containlt can change the outlook of someone, living in the world of fantaly and bunnish the franquil ideas are compose in one's youth about the life. So in a sense job is necessary if one wants to know the unsertaintion and hardships of life. Job also is a distraction for students. Instead of thinking about what are learnt, one thinks about the matters of the jobs. When in class one is thinking about others responsibilities beside education. Human mind is not capable of being at two places to once so these ditractions become the psyesic parasite. The best time for a student is the time when he gives himself over to himself this part plays an important role of what he is going to be in future distraction do nothing but introduce him to a world of world of worries which at that is not suitable for him and mently he does not flourishies. This also incereore the place of his life, more the speed less would be the time to phiolophye his creed, to realize himself. More enposure to society skoils innocence. To be navie is good at that age and necessary for the development of self. But the bottom line is that are must not blindly other opinion. We are used follow opinion whether they are well or not. One must find one's own way.


College is a place where students enjoy and do other activities freely. A job is very difficult to maintain for the people. A student who do part time job they are in difficulties and they also study instead of jobs. Due to some reason students do jobs because their family cannot afford their college dues. Some students also do jobs because they cannot depend on their family. But when they do jobs may divert their attention towards studies. They cannot study well because they have burden of job also. They cannot do both things at a time. Because they not too much time to do both work completely but for their family and college dues they have to work. Both are necessary for them. College gives the m education and jobs give them money, if they have no education they cannot do job and if they no money they have no money they cannot get education. Some family founds the students to earn and do jobs. They required spending the whole day for earning money. This leaving phase makes us to do jobs and to get education. Government should do something for these students. They should pay dues for the student who cannot afford they have to study. They are very intelligent and they can make the progress of the country but they have not enough to for studies.


Part time jobs are mostly done by the people which are really in need of money or the people which have not that much time to do a full time job. Mostly young people are seen doing it. and the money offered by part time job doing people is also in a small amount. As the economical system of our country has bearing great loss and is going through a decline phase. So many peoples are in our country which are unable to fulfill the necessary facilities and need of their children. So, their children are dovied of education. These children which are not having their necessary facilities have to bear this loss at the cost of their education. So, they want to made themselves able to get some money for their education. There is also another group which are just able to fulfill the necessary foo items but do not have much money to get high education in college or universities. These people try to get part time job. These students in morning have to go their jobs places. These student can be able to fulfill the fees. But not get time to study which is required for their improvement by which they can get a place in society. These students are mentally disturbed and cannot perform their education activities perfectly and as a result they cannot get improvement in studies and are not only able then to fulfill the requirements of their parents. The government is responsible for this that it should provide scholarships in the form of free education or money to make this problem easy for their talented belonging to poor class youth.


 Part time job for college students is necessary for many reasons. First, part time job is necessary for students to gain experience for their practice life. If a person has spent much time in part time job. In future he can easily find a good job. Secondly, part time job is necessary for students to spend time in good way. Now a day most of students spend their time on the activities which are not useful for them but if they spend their extra time in job, they can get experience for future life. Thirdly, part time job has become necessary because now a days prices of necessities of life are rising constantly. The majority of people in Pakistan belong to low income group and financial conditions of families can not afford college fee of their children's. to over come this problem students have to do part time job. Fourthly, part time job is necessary to gain confidence. Part time job changes our behaviors and make us mature and more confident. Fifthly, the students who do the part time job recognize the value of money and come to know the right usage of money. A job holder students learns how to live the life. Sixly, part time job is necessary for students to expand public relations. During their job, different people having different people having different profession, skills and knowledge. Working with experts their own knowledge increase and this public relation helps them in their practical life. Before entering the practical life, they observe it then do not face too much problems. Sevenly, part time job is necessary to enhance knowledge and for the development of mind. When a student use his skills in right way, his thinking patterns develop and he begins to observe things from different angles. In spite of just course text he gains knowledge about the social life and learns how to solve the every day problems.


Every person in this world has some basic needs in common. One should have food, good clothes, good standard of living and good education. But all this can be got by one if one has sufficient money. And for money, one has to do jobs according to the law of nature. But due to the increase in world poverty especially in some countries, the income of a single person is not sufficient to fulfil all the basic requirements. So, our young generation specially the college students, along with their study do the part time jobs to have better standard of living, each and everything better and better life style. The students of higher secondary level in comparatively backward areas in the world do part time jobs, but this activity interferes their study. They have to work hard enough. This interferes their health. For the progress of a country, its youth must be educated and strong. It must be strong enough to contribute a lot in making its society and country great. This all can be done if the government provides sufficient opportunities educate them, provide opportunities for their healthy activities and collect funds for them. Infect governments should provide opportunities for them to collect funds for them so they may also contribute to the progress of their society be paying attention on their studies.


Students of college possess lot of energy and they want to utilize their energy and this energy should be utilized in right way and for this purpose they should do any part time job. If this energy is not utilized in right way this will utilize it in wrong way and in this way country should face a great loss if all their youth are indulged in wrong path. Part time jobs should be arranged so that there will be no bowling of filling extra daises of children for their parents. It is a person works and then eat he will know the importance of money and do not waste money in wrong. The students of higher secondary level in comparatively backward areas in the world do part time jobs, but this activity interferes their study. They have to work hard enough. This interferes their health. This is good fact in a way because in this way their education will continue and they can get good jobs after their education. And this facts is bad in a manner, because they can not get rest or spare time for enjoyment their lives become dull and boring. They feel burden after working. And they can not concentrate on their studies. It is duty of a student to study and if he wants to do job it is well and for this purpose part time job is necessary.


Students are the nation builder. And especially the students of college which are going through the most serious age of their education have many difficulties. The difficulties only for those student who come from the poor family and from the middle class family. In the poor family there is only one sole breeder of their family on which whole family depends so they mostly like that not to give education to their children. But the mostly it is taken into consideration that these students are mostly interested into their student. So they for their studies start part time jobs to meet their needs in the studies. The part time jobs are not bad because they come to know how to make their nation strong with these hardworking students of the country. Due to this part time job there is also bad effect on their studies they do not need much time to do their self studies. There health is also disturbed that they do not need any time to take rest. Government should take the serious action on this dominating issue, because in this stage of life of students they are selecting their professions government should offer different funds for these poor people so that they do not consider the difficulties as a stumbling blocks in their path. These students gained confidence and become true citizens of their nation.


In many foreign countries is opportunity for part time jobs is available for college students to facilitate them. It also help many students which come from other countries for jobs and their education. They can get education and can also do jobs for completing their expenditure. Part time jobs can also help many poor students for completing their expenditure on education. Foreign countries provide this opportunity to students. It is the reason that foreign countries are more developed because they have many students to run their shops, business e. t. c. in this way they play an important role for the development of country. It means foreign countries are taking benefit from these students although students also get pay for these jobs but mostly to fulfil their expenditures. It can affect their health and results in their education. It can help students in their practical life but this also effect their results and education. First priority is their education then they have to take part in practical life. They should give full attention to education. It is very important priority for their bright future. As part time jobs can effect their education so it is the duty of Government to arrange special funds for these poor and needy students who cannot afford their expenditure in education for making their future bright.


Part time jobs are much common in western countries where every single person has to fulfill his expenses himself and no one is dependent on others. Even children's when inters to adoleson are supposed to earn and fulfill their requirements their self. Their parents do not support them anymore. But in our country Pakistan joint family system is common and all of the family depends upon one guardian who supports all the family. That's why part time job is not common here. But due to inflation in the country it is becoming very difficult for a single person to support the whole family. That's why now a days a lot of people can be seen doing part time job in our country also. Most of the students studying in the universities do part time job after their study hours to supports their family. As it makes a person all time busy and can affect their studies but they are compelled to do this for their family. Some of the people do part time jobs utilize their spare time in effective works and most of them join NGOs to help people of their country and to utilize their problems.


The students are future of a nation. This first responsibility is to study and to work hard so, that in future they can manage their work and fulfill their duties and can become a responsible countryman. It is duty of parents to provide maximum facilities to their children if they can afford it. this point is supported only in a way that if parents are poor and can't manage their budget well so, student can have part time job to share with his parents. But if parents can afford expenses of their children, student should only concentrate on their study and on their learning. Because they have ones choice which have to build future of a notion. Study but with learning is necessary. If they think that they can manage their job and study both so they are wrong. They don't have proper time for rest. They can't give their proper time to study. They become restless and as a result they become weak and faint. Health is most important, if you are healthy you can do everything so, student should first concentrate on their studies because it is the right thing they have to do. So that in long run they can prosper and become a successful.


Now a day's part time job is becoming essential for students due to increasing poverty. So, students do part time for earning money for their family. They want to feed them. This trend is very papule in foreign countries. The students who go to abroad for higher studies they do part time job for their basic necessities. It is difficult for their parents to spend so much money on them so for the sake of continue of their parents needs they do so. It is a good step toward prosperity. In this way the youth is maturing rapidly. It develops a sense of duty in their mind. In future they will work hard will become proud of the country. They are already proud of their parents. Part time jobs have a good purpose for the poor students. Because they fulfill not only their requirements but also less burden of their parents. In this way although they help their parents but in other way it has badly after on their health. Their result doesn't reach the top level. And they can't pay their whole attention on the studies. The Government should give scholarship to such students so they can complete their study. We should make our education system better so that students don't go abroad for studies. They do their studies and serve the country with their abilities.


Every man has the right to make his future strong. to take such actions that can secure his future. in the cut throat competition of two days world everyone is struggling for the betterment of his or her self. There are so many problems in our country that has become a constant source of worry for our citizens. One of the problems is price hike and insufficient salaries of the people. In Pakistan there is a growing trend of part time job. The point is thinking that from where trend has stared. Now days in Pakistan it become hard to earn bread and butter by single person with such a low salary. Govt. of Pakistan is unaware of that problem. the salaries of people are not so sufficient of support their families. hence for support they go for the second option i. e. part time job. But it becomes so difficult to manage because usually one can give full attention to only one job at a time. It is so heart touching to see the students doing part time job to sport their studies. Govt. should have to take notice of this situation. part time job is not as bad as it seems. It depends on the purpose for which you are doing so. it is totally prohibited for students because they can affect their studies by doing so. But if you are doing that to take experience or to support your nation then well and good. in short part time job has become a kind of necessity for people. They want to give better future to their families and it cannot be possible with low salaries that the Govt. is giving. so they should have adopt a side business or part time job. Perhaps it has its own advantages and disadvantages but they vary from person to person and their purpose of doing so.


Now a days students of college have very tough routine. They go to their college, and then they go to their academies. Afterwards learn their lessons. So, they have no time for any other king of work. College students should not do part time jobs because; in this way they may lose their concentration for their studies. And there will be fewer chances for those students to have a successful carrier in their lives. And they may be trapped only in one job. But part time jobs have some advantages also. By doing part time jobs students can have their income and they can use this income to pay their dues. Or, sometimes families of students are poor and they are not able to raise their family members. So, poor students take part time jobs so that they can help their family in order to expenses. The other advantage is that by doing a part time job they can enhance their abilities and can take part in the progress of their country. Part time jobs for college students have both bad and good aspects. But the first preference of the college students is to have good grades and to have a successful carrier in their lives. And by having a cream of good students our country can have a progress and all citizens can have better life.


Part time job are the jobs which one do in addition to his regular work. The regular work might include some job as studies. There are many reasons to do part time jobs. First reason can be the financial boost to ones condition if a person is doing a regular job but this job cannot fulfill his financial needs such a person can do a part time job. a student whose parents cannot afford expenses of his study can do a part time job. Secondly part time job can be alone for fun or passing time. if a student is free after his academic hours he can go and do some part time job. Part time can be many types. one can go and teach some tuition. After regular work time one can also any other job as sales agent; shopkeeper; or salesman etc. . Part time jobs are a good way of passing extra time. It is said quit an empty mind is the devils playground so we should keep our mind busy in some sort of activities and part time jobs are good way to do it. Part time jobs help in two ways one can pass his time without andulin in negative activities and secondly one can be financially better. So part time jobs are a good thing.


Part time job is that job which is doing in the free time. This mostly done by the poor people or poor students. Those poor students who who want to get the education but their parents not afford the expenses of their study, so they do the part time job to continue their study. Now a days part time job become a trend. Part time job had some advantage and disadvantages, so some advantage and disadvantages are as follow. First advantage of part time job is that poor students get education through this income. And that expenses for their parents are not affording. Other advantage of it is that students do not waste their time in the other bad activities. When they are hostlized or at the home. Some people do for only changing their enviorment and want to get the knowledge of every faild. There are many disadvantage of it. but some are as under. There is big problem for students that they cannot pay attention on their study properly. So that they cannot score well in examination and some student fail in the exams also. They tired after the job and do hothing and not take part other activities od college etc.


Part time job is that job which is doing in the free time. This mostly done by the poor people or poor students. Those poor students who want to get the educations but there parents not afford the expenses of their study. So they do the part time job to continue their study. Now a days doing part time job is become a trend. Part time job hade some advantage and disadvantages, so some advantages and disadvantages are as follow. First advantage of part time job is that poor students get Higer education through this income. And that expense for there parents are not affording. Other advantages of it is that students do not waste there time in the other bad activities. When they are totalized or at the home. Some people do for only changing their environment. And want to get the knowledge of every field. There are many disadvantages of it but some are as under. There is big problem for students are that they can't pay intension on their study properly so that they can't score well in examination and some students fail in the exams also. They tried after the job and do nothing and not take part other activities of college etc.


College studies are quite tough. Every subject takes at least two hours if being read daily. A student who wants to excel should have his mind face of other matters, anxiety and worries, peaceful environment and conditions applying studies help students get good marks. Now days necessities are touching the sky and every family can't afford their children education, but poor parents get their children admitted an Govt. schools. When these children reach college studies they find their parents living from hand to mouth which specifically that their parent's expensive college studies. So, they start part time job to fulfill their stationary needs. This is terrible for their health as well as their studies. These students become weak day by day due to long working hours of part time jobs. It therefore become impossible for them to pay attention to their studies and ultimately they lose the race. On the other hand there are those students who are not poor but they want to live independently so they find part time jobs. These students think they mature and engage themselves in long working hours. Certainly they can't achieve their goals because if they want to live independently they should have enough money and they can earn money only through education. This step loses their abilities to research and discover more and in the end they are at a big lose.


Job is essential for university students First of all I will discuss that how much is tough being student of university by financial and by personally. In now a days education is so expensive and in 100% about 90% cannot afford this, and just 10% are such as which can afford. Our parents do as such as they can do best for us. But going in university we have mostly become miture, and as we have passed. Inter or bachelor level of study so by this we are in form that we can do something for ourselves. As we can do job as such teaching or any another professional job related to our studies. But it is only possible when we have read better in our passed level. On this stage parents think so that we have to stand, bur actually not properly but not improperly. We want to do help our parents by earning some money. Almost we want to earn for ourselves for that we can study on our expenses. If we have need of any tuitor or other services as such convene we should have to pay by ourselves. If we cannot do some other help of our parents, at least if we get job we can expenses ourselves and release some tention upon them.


Our students are not of equal standers. Some of them are poor some middle classed and some of them are very rich. Poor students have the equal right to study even if they are poor money are wise but not poor study wise. Infect they are more rich in knowledge then many of the rich students. So, these students due to poverty found it difficult to continue studies. In order to cope with it they do part time jobs for their expenses. Their parents are not in a position that they would afford their heavy fees. So, they do part time jobs as burden on their life. They are in order to fulfill their demand worked for job and they this affect their studies in a way that they get weak and their health fallen. If Government provides better facilities to them that they could easily continue their studies and do their job as well with honor then it is good for them but if they are left alone to do job at their own expense then it would be an extra demand then part time jobs are good if they are done with proper time management if they interferes with studies then they should not be done. If they left no other choice for you that you have to run your family and do your studies as well then it would be only choice to do job. If depend on situation whether you should have to do job for your studies or just for enjoyment or time passing.


Students do part time job for fulfilling their necessary requirments like education, necessary needs ect. If parents are not able the fee of children then the students are doing part time jobs. The trend doing part time jobs is popular in foreign countries because studies are expensive in foreign countries and parents are not able to pay the fee of children. If foreign countries students went to their college at first time and do part time jobs at 2nd time to fulfill their requirements. Students do part time jobs because of poverty and to help out their parents but it effects their health and make them week. They don't eat food at time which causes bad effect to their health. In Pakistan this trend is so popular but due to poverty students do part time job. So, the government of Pakistan and the foreign governments should have to do the fee concession for the poor students to make them well educated and make their society a well educated society. So, if students stops doing part time jobs they become healthy and well educated. Government should have to do concession for making their society healthy and well educated. Students should stopped part time jobs if fee concession are made by government.


Part time job should be necessary for college students because it gives many benefits to students or young generation. In college life mostly youngsters or students have polite or soft mind. Mostly elders opinion is that if somebody saved his mind in college life they saved their mind in whole life. job after class will be very helpful for students to save their selves to go to on wrong way. All bad habits comes if a person will free and have spare time to serve upon them. so when a student serve his whole day in any work so he will never suffer in any bad habit and never go to any wrong side. Another profit of part time job is that a student can become responsible or self dependent or a person can become punctual. With the help of job they will feel their responsibility of his duty. Fulfil orders of their bosses and complete their all duty work will helpful for them to become responsible. By fulfill office work or responsibilities they will start to realize their real life responsibilities or become mature. Go to job on time and does every office work on time will helpful for them to become punctual. Student can become self dependent with the help of job because they earn money from job and they can use this money to fulfill their needs and they will also serve that money on family matters. people have many academic and co  curricular expenditure. Now a days study became very expensive and mostly parents can't afford the expenditure of their children's study. so, student should care about all these problems which faced by their parents. So, they can pay their dues or fulfill their academic expenditure by their own earning. so, on this way they helped their parents or become self dependent. CONCLUSION: By discuss all points we find out that part time job is necessary for college students.


Student life is full of excitement and thrill. Some students give full time to their studies to get good marks. Parents of some student can afford all of the expenses of college while others can't. Students who are keen to get food result despite of their poverty are faced to do part time jobs to fulfill their college expenses. The effort is good but causes bad effect on their studies. They could not focus on their studies. For instance a student goes to college daily and after wards it works at a workshop or at a store etc. till afternoon. A human and especially a teen ager become fatigue after all these activities so how could he pay full time and full energy to his studies with open mind. After this clarification it is proved that part time jobs for students are not recommendable. This also affects their result for which they are doing all this. This is the responsibility of the Government and authorities that they should take necessary steps to overcome this situation. Such students whose parents can't bear the burnet of their studies should be awarded scholarships to buy up their aims. They should be back up to pay full attention on their studies leaving behind other actives of life in college. They should be making carefree from these college expenses so that they pay full attention to their studies. Students doing part time jobs are also cock in health. Government should realize that we can't destroy our future by losing the talent of our country.


In today's society, more and more college students have part time job after school. In my opinion, I support that teenagers have part time jobs in their free time and the reasons are as follows. First, I think that having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. The second reason is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience. Having the working experience can help teenagers find their ideal job more easily in the future. And the teenagers can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance. Third, teenagers can also expand their interpersonal relationship by having a part time job. In the recent year, interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in our working environment. If we have a good relationship with our colleagues or friends, when we have problems or want other people to help us, they will try their best to help us. In summary, perhaps many people will think that having a part time job may affect our study, but I really think that having the part time job can help teenagers' future become much better.


We saw in our society many people face many many problem during the study. They do not fulfill their needs according to the college requirements. They can not move in the society or any college. In many time they need some money to fulfill his or her college needs. So that they do a part time job to complete their needs when they started their job then they face an other type of problem which create disturbances in their study. Some time they have spend a lot of time on their job and could not gave the time or consideration on study so they should have manage the proper time and gave equal consideration on the study and the job. When student have no money they feel hesitation among his or her because they could not give any birth day or other event treat so they friend some job. On the other hand a part time job gave an experience to the students that how the can move and face the society. This experience has make the student a confident person because after the study when they get a permanent job they feel much better and confident then the other person and he or she survival in their job place with a lot of experience and confidence.


Part time job is the way of earning money for every kind of people specially those who want to improve their lifestyle and to fulfil their needs of life. It indicates that these jobs are done by those people who belong to a middle class family. Because they need money. There the discussion is about the part time jobs for college students for me, this idea is totally wrong that the college students should do the part time jobs because when they started to earn the money, no matter from where they get it, they divert from their studies, their minks changed. The season behind my opinion, is that I am also a college student not a professional. So I have no experience or a little about the circumstances of different people. But if the condition is so miserable that a student has to do the job. Then he should be because there is no way for him to carry on his studies. So this problem has some good aspects as mill as bad. But they really should do if they need. But if they don't they should not do and give full concentration on studies. So the part time job is not good for students.


Part time mean for only part of the working hours. In Pakistan the main purpose doing part time jobs is to maintain the economic conditions of that person. But the development countries such as USA and European countries people also doing part time job to elaborates their natural abilities present in them. They play the important role in country development. There are some advantages of part time job. In Pakistan part time job is a necessity of every educated person. Due to many problems such as less sources for doing work, and low salary or no pay or less pay for employment. Allah has given the most important part of the body that is mind which is helped ourself to doing good or bad etc. If a educated person spend more in working place then his absent good abilities or good qualities will be displayed in front of other persons. by expending, the mental level of that person, the new good feelings, sentiments could be lead them to continue the doing work to have extra money. So the part time job is a benefit and blessing of Allah as this is the helpful source to earn extra money in respected way. It is the honourable method to get more income.


In my opinion it is not important for a college student to have a job. Because his or her study is strongly effected to do it. But if a person is poor and he wished to study more than it is a better idea for him or his family because to do it he continued his or her study and he fulfill his or her. All over needs and he sported his family. Though job he get a large money and bought books for her self and he or she called a independent person. In our country mostly families are belong to middle class and in the age of inflation it is not possible a students to continue his or her study with out having a job. Some students are only that person who they supported his family. In other words job save the young generation from many bad habits and keep them a good person of a society. A job less student adopt many bad things. He may be get into a bad company. He may be he made a bad person for all society. But due to job he will be busy and work for the society.


Part time job means to work extra from your daily routine to get some extra benefits' bones and salary to fulfill our needs. Part time job can be done in the same firm or any other firm. according to your comfortable. And requirements. Some people do part time job in the same firm for extra bonus and salary bonus. and some in other firm for firms by seeing his needs that can be fulfilled from that. By doing part time may lost his daily routine' family comfort or other activities to do. But to fulfill their needs they will of from the life. Which may affect their health and activates? Part time job consists of couple of hours to few hours. Basically to fulfill our needs some and do part time job. But some needy students will also doing part time job to fulfill their needs on their own needs on their own salary. The part time job trend is basically applied in the western countries. But now days in Pakistan many people are doing that. In the part time job booth have good and bad effects. It is done own our requirement' needs' and for family comfort or for own comfort.


Part time job is necessary for all students it helps students to make them mature & responsible. Today's world is modern world. Life is becoming so fast Education is compulsory for both boys & girls. They acquire education for themselves & for their families. Part time job helps the students that they acquire knowledge & also got job for their daily purposes. Because some parents can not afford study expenses of their sons & daughters. Students must do a part time job with their studies. Because we learn more by practical life. By this they can understand their responsibilities. A part time job helps the students to make planning for future life as what he should have to do. Part time job holders can take classes in morning & attend their jobs in evening. In this way they can balance their studies & job in well manner. They can share the burden of their parents by doing so because some parents can not pay fees & dues of their children's study & they cannot complete their studies. The students which do part time jobs they can serve themselves and also their family. If their family are poor and can't afford so they should that they work and also earn money for their purposes. in this way they can complete their study and also do whatever they want. Part time job is most important for students to build their personality as well as betterment of their attitude.


Many students in our environments have their study due to poverty. Some keep stick to their study and do part time jobs. Many students also do jobs its keep their independence to keep them busy. It makes a person active and offers him a healthy routine. By doing part time jobs students observe the other side of mirror. They get a wider way of thinking, vireos. Their experience help them to imply their study or education in practical way. The difference of words and action becomes clear to them. It also supports them financially. The students who do not do jobs get a lot of time to study and do their activities. It is not essential for a student to do job to widen his observations but in former the observations are just modified to level experience. The students use to do part time jobs busy themselves. Their jobs many effect their study or divert their care from it. Their routine is healthy bit tiring. Students may neglect their studies or they will lose the standard performance required to get high level. But diligence can remove the disadvantage of shortage of time. Part time jobs are not essential but very determination and diligence one can achieve his desired goal.


Recently in this century, part time jobs have become popular among the teenagers. Now in Pakistan and in other countries teenagers get dependent in their early teenage with the consent of their parents, aided by the opportunities available of the part time jobs. These are basically those jobs which are performed after study hours and shouldn't be mixed up with child labor. To some extent these have helped to boast up the economy of a country. People got a larger and wider range of people and companies to interact that way. It also lessens the percentage of dependent population which is indeed a great obstacle in the development of a country. Part time jobs have also played a vital role in the well grooming and building of great decision power in the young ones. Youngsters learn a lot about life by the practical experience through the part time job. Part time jobs have also eliminated the problem of unemployment in the society. Also dependency of children on their parent decreases and it also lowers the burden of parents. They have enabled people to find out their real talent of work and yet have made every country stable economically by allowing people to work.


College is places where we come to complete are intermediate studies. There are students of every type. College teachers provide education and even help us to complete our religious obligation. But now a day's money is necessary for the survival of an individual. The college gives us education but we need money to fulfill our requirements. The students may need money and could not fulfill their studies due to their family crisis or any other responsibilities so students are forced to do jobs to earn some family income. This jobs provides maturity and makes us learn the ways and principles required to spued our whole. This learning phase makes us learn how to spend life. Student can also do a job to earn some pocket money so he cannot be a burden on his family. So, part time jobs for the students provide learning opportunities. They find jobs for their survivals. Taking interest in jobs keeps them good also in the vision of the parents. So, students should jobs and be careful on their pasts. Students should also take care of their studies they should be aware that part time jobs may not destroy their studies so they should give extra time to their job and their studies because this is the only way they can achieve success in their lives the working hard is the progress of the individual and the society. So, we should give importance to part time jobs in our country.


First attention of student should be to pay head on its studies so, that he can get better position in this society which there are some financial problems due to which student are compelled to earn for this expenses. In this way they can neither study nor work properly. As parents are responsible for their being these. They should equip them with the problems of life. It is the responsibility of parents to provide their children with every facilities of life which they require at that age. But in our society due to financial pursue, they are compelled to do jobs. As a result they fail and can not show better result in their studies. The students of higher secondary level in comparatively backward areas in the world do part time jobs, but this activity interferes their study. They have to work hard enough. This interferes their health. This is good fact in a way because in this way their education will continue and they can get good jobs after their education. And this facts is bad in a manner, because they can not get rest or spare time for enjoyment their lives become dull and boring. They feel burden after working. And they can not concentrate on their studies. They are the future leaders of the country and nation. Some student does their jobs for their taste so part time jobs for college is not too much essential.


A student is like an insurance of any thing for country, is should be maintained with attention, firstly it takes from our side but it returns by doubling it up when there are no other sources remained. If we do not care about our precious things, we do not provide them appropriate service these are spoiled & depreciated before the time. Same like with students because they are the Future falcons of a country. We can say that a student's life is the busiest age of his whole life because he learns new things everyday, every hour and every minute. While in practical life he implements these learning to get benefit and to be succeeded in every field of life. Proper environment, able teachers and opportunities to progress are the basic needs of a student. These needs are attained by only few lucky students because these are being costly like every other thing in this country. Government institutes are unable to provide these things because of bribery, corruption, carelessness and such other evils. Blockage of opportunities and limited resources are causing inflation. Income of a common man is same but expenditures are doubling up. The rates of books, notebooks and most importantly fees are going out of hands of even a middle class person. Except these unachievable expenses many of youngsters are so that they are in the age of study but they have to feed their family also, they have to fulfill their educational dues as well as household expenses. That's a tough task and not everyone is capable of such strong responsibility. Although student has a busy life and faces many tough tasks to be successive in his educational field in such a competitive age However, he has to perform a part time job as well because the present situations require it; otherwise he may have to leave his studies when there would be no resources left.


Part time job means the job done in the spare time other than the regular task. At can also be termed as the job of preference. In modern life style part time job become compulsion to fulfill the financial need of person. Sometime part time job is done to help the cause of first priority. It is the worse side of modern life style that the man is never satisfied with what he has. Few people do part time job with their consent to use their potential in positive side. But most of people do this of the people do this to satisfy their financial needs. The man 21st century has become materiality in his approach. He visualizes everything in material aspects and cares for profit and less in every matter. He do part time job to get better facilities and to enjoy good life but while doing this he loses his efficiency and become a machine. in doing so it is rare chance that he would enjoy life. he thinks that only way to survive in the society is to earn more and more but in doing so he not only spoils his health but also loses the social life. he has no time to stand and stare and enjoy the natural aspects of life. I think that part time job should be done only if you enjoy your work and want to do something which help your cause of first priority. but it should not done to fulfill material alsikes only because the wishes keep on growing and never be fulfill. A man should be contorted with what he has and should strive for a reasonable and respectable status in society. He should be blind in earning wealth.


Part time job is the activity which a person performs a part from its major daily activites. part time job as most commonly seen in students. some other people are alsoinvolved inthis. students mainly involve in part time jobs to become independent and to fulfil their own needs. the want to be independent and desires not to become a load on their parents that's why tobecome finacialy andstable they adopt different part time jobs. A part from finaincial point of view a few of them are involved in this to get some kind of experience which would be helpful in their future life. lets take an example of a MBA student who is part time working in a bankor in a multinational company. then his expevience will be more precious then the salary he gets. his or her experince will aid him during whole his professional life. most popular part time jobs are teaching in an academy working in bank in evening in a multinational company. a part from students some professional people are also involved in part time jobs. they require more money to fulfil the needs of their family. the jobs they do could not give them much money so they spend extra time to get desives meet. I think it is a healthy activity because it helps to spend time in a good way.


 Empty mind is devils workshop is very old saying means man should do any creative work every time. Part time job is one of the every time. Part time job is one of the very common businesses done by the students in their spare time. Part time job have very positive aspects on the students life. Some parents are not able to pay the all fee and other expenses like mess dressing etc. . So students should do any job in their spare time to be helpful to their parents and even their selves. Mostly students waste their much of time in using internet playing games and even doing some wrong or illegal works. a goods business in spare time and also provides money for fee for dresses and for anything while a student require. On the other hand some students finds charms in part time job as money will come and we will buy this' this and have fun so they join any company and spent their time there but giving attention to their studies so they fail in the exams whit is their foremost duty as a student. this is not right for any student. The section of part time job depends upon the nature of study and amount of time while a student have. so part time is a good fertilization of time if it has not bad effects on the academic result of the students.


Part time job is actually a type of job that a person carry to fulfill its daily needs either he is profferional or a student. Part time job is a limited time period job. Person does not completely depends on part time job. For the student that think that they would not want to become burden on family any more so they usually take this path to fulfill his needs but most correctly it is also take as an extra time involvement of a person to overcome poverty and needs of his family. Head of family also carries such extra time facilities to keep his family happy. Part time job sometimes has many disadvantages regarding a person individual life and also effect a society when an individual goes for part time job then he is to take extra time for his family that effects its parents and children life. Part time job also affects a well established society that has some specific roles and principles. Such as in Europe the limited hours of week you can do a job. But if you keep breaking limitations of hours then you are breaking a low of country and its roles and that directly affects the society. Hence it is concluded that part time job must be taken in account if it is does not break low of state or society.


 Today darness is increasing. Expenditons become high. One person cannot stand one family. The price of common things are high. Poverty is spread every where. To finish the poverty every person of a family should earned. People starts part time job to increase their income but tired bitterly. They have very small time for rest. Over hard works down their health. From part job the work of factories and other institutes become batter. Some poor parents says to their son, that you should earned for their college expenditiores. Then student can not pay heed to their study. Some people do not get part time job and then their family face many problems. From part time job develops the country. In modern age the trend of tutions increased. Every student wants to get tutions. So the teachers in their part time job study the children and get pay. Part time job is benefited for people. Some people succides due to darnessand it is very bad in a society. It effect badly on a society. Part time job becames the person hard working. Those nations progress who are hard working. God likes hard working people. Our Prophet (A. s) also to do work. They (A. S) are very hard working. We should do work but accordiy to time table. We should do proper rest. Health is wealth. If we have health we can progress.


No, part time job for college student is not essential unless they are not able to pay their college dues. If a student belongs to a respectable and middle class family who pay his college dues and other activities give money easily, then no need to indulge himself in job but if their parents are disable to give him his dues of college, then to get education and will to supported his family, he should do part time job, this will safe his future life as well as his family setup. Part time jobs take much of his time and he could not learn and study properly which create bad influence on his studies. So, if a man have enough money to gain knowledge and perform and participated in other activities then he should avoided part time jobs. The men who have done part time jobs with studies then he did not pay proper attention towards studies. His mind always in worries of job and studies. During study time, his mind reach at the job time or he prepare himself for that part time job. This produces lacking and disturbance in his life. So, one should avoid part time job with studies as possible as he can.


Part time job is a job which an individual performs at any organization for brief time for the sake of earning money. This could of the type that you have to spend a few hours at a job daily or you have to spend 2 3 complete days in a week for a job. There are many reason for which we have to adopt this course of action for earning money. The main reason is the bad financial conditions. Today there is economic recession in the whole world. And the poverty is increasing day by day. The people don't have much of the money to pursue their dreams of higher studies. So unwillingly they have to follow this course. In the day times they study at their schools and the evening they work at the hotels, libraries etc to manage their expenses. Some times along with their own expenses, they also have to earn something for their families as well. So it is a big social dilemma. Not only the student adopt the part time job but also the professional go for part time jobs to earn more money. for example doctors work in hospital for the whole day and in the evening times they run their own clinics. The reason once again is the lack of money. In doing all these thing we have to sacrifice one thing, that is, our social life. We are unable to give time to our family in a struggle to earn happiness for them. And in an unfelt manner they go very far from us. But the reason is once again the same, Poverty.


Part time job is very common now a days. It is very beneficial for us In many way. The expenses of now a days is going very high. No can survive a good life a good or a charming life without money. Money is very useful and important for us. We can fulfill of desires without money so the person who has money in present he successful. The person who has money can get anything in the world. So the earning is very important for us. So part time job is very useful for us in many ways. If a student is doing part job can reduce their burden by earning money. They escape by wasting their time by doing their job. They used their positive efforts in a good task. From this way they can be independent. In this way we can also help our parents. We can reduce our financial problem in this way. Although it is very beneficial for everyone. But it is also have an disadvantage. Like student cannot give their proper concentration to their studies. In this way the burden of students become very high. Which can also cause their health disorders. As we know there are two sides of everything. Everything contain disadvantages as well as advantages. So nothing is worse in life. We should have positive thing in every days.


About twenty five percent of our life span is being utilized by our studies, if we are lucky enough, because most of us don't receive our proper education due to financial problems. This finance is the biggest problem in a student's life. As we move to the higher levels, the education becomes more costly. I still remember that the my school fee wasn't even the half of my college fee, and my college fee wasn't even a quarter of my university dues. A number of students are not financially strong enough to endure their educational fee. This leads them to part time jobs. Most part time jobs are taken in the western culture including America and European countries, where a person becomes independent at an early age, unlike eastern culture where a person is highly family dependant. A person studies in the morning and work at night or vice versa. These part time jobs are not highly paying but it is sufficient enough for the needy person. Most of the these jobs are taken at restaurants, gas stations, stores etc. The part time jobs have a number of disturbing effects on the life of that person. These jobs are highly tiring, the deficiency of nap reduces the concentration on everyday works, the person becomes sick more often. Apart from these drawbacks part time jobs still give enough benefits for which its importance can't be ignored.


Pakistan is developing country. There is group division in society on economical basis. Only few people of country can afford the expenses of their children. Many are living their lives below poverty line. There are many families who have only one earning person but many member which depend on them. There are many reason for part time jobs. Major reason is poverty if one can't afford his/her daily expenses he/she should be provided ways so that he can earn for himself or to support his family. There should be jobs favourable for part time jobs so that college student can continue their studies without has hwdte. Another major cause is that may want to live independence. One may be engaged in part time jobs just as their ambition. It is turely said Shoke ka koi mole nai. There are also many advantages hidden in part time jobs. Part time jobs also provide experience for their future permanent jobs. It provides practice and practice makes a man perfect. Society can produce skilled persons for jobs. They may also support one's family economically. One may be busy in some job can be more efficient for his work rather then other. He may be more reaponse. Our government should initiate our people part tie. This may make our society well furnished economically.


The job that we do in our extra or spare time is called part time job. Many people do part time job. And part time jobs are of many kinds. There are many merits and demerits of part time job. The merits of part time jobs are: The first merit of part time job that it is the way to solve our financial problems. The problems that we face in our society. We can easily earn money to do this job. We can easily earn money for our extra facilities. Mostly people do this job because they are in a bad situation. But mostly people do as their interest or wish. To do this job we can easily solve our problems. To do this job we earn a lot of money, to do this job we can make our family happier. But there are many demerits of this job: People waste their time in doing extra work. People lost their health in doing extra work. And then many diseases can be with the people. People destroy their health in doing extra work. So we should avoid from this job because it destroys or health. We should do maximum work. So we can happy in our life.


Part time jobs for college student is not essential. Now a days due to shortage economy the parents are not allowed of children to read more and more. Our Government school has a lot of diplomas and degrees but they have no good teacher. Due to economy problems the students are not able to score the knowledge. Because the private colleges and universities have high fee and due to shortage money parents are not permit to getting the knowledge. So for this reason when the student are getting certificates they don't coming to college due to high fee and fines also. They struggle for job at anywhere. Because they have no more knowledge they have no got good job. Some peoples who don't like more study and after college they become a officer. So it is not a possible because nothing is possible without knowledge like jobs etc. Mostly economy problems which tried to got a job for any students. But it is impossible. Because many people who have degrees and diplomas they have no job. So how job can be got after passing out from college. Knowledge is very important so the students should be got first knowledge then jobs.


Part time job is necessary for some developing nation or countries like Pakistan. Many poor people or student who cannot afford their education can get their education easily by part time job. But it is a fact that in this way much of their time is wasted and they have to do a lot of work complete with other student. They cannot do their college work and in this way they do a lot of work and become ill due to this burden of work. They do not have time for proper rest. In our country most students who go abroad for higher education have to do part time job to fulfill their education needs. For much student part time job is a blessing and a way of survival. In our country most of the people have a pert time job to fulfill the needs of their families. Because our country is poor or developing country. Which cannot give all the facilities to a person. Therefore, he has to do a part time job. It effect his health badly. So, if there are some benefits of this then there are also some disadvantages of it. But, It is reality that in our country it is necessary for the survival of a man.


Part time job is a job done for few hours, in the industrial societies the job hours are divided in two categories. One is full time job and the other is part time job. Full time job mean eight continuous hours while the part time job varies from four to six hours depending on the nature of the job. In such societies people are paid on the basis of their working hours. For example eight or ten dollars per hour were paid to the workers in USA in 90s. Now the part time job has made his place in eastern or back ward countries like Pakistan. The most popular example of part time job in our country is the job of call centers. At call centers the people work round the clock in different shifts and without caring for day and night. Mostly students are doing these kind of jobs to increase their pocket money and increase their experience of practical life. Although this is a healthy trend to increase the money and income and a good way to keep the mind and body busy and working in a positive way even yet it is having some bad effects as well. So all time running after money is not a healthy thing.


Job is a way which a person can finance himself. Being a student a person's first priority should be his education. He should work while heartedly for getting good grades classing his academic performance. So, that in the near future he may prove himself a useful citizen for the country and useful member of his family. Who could finance his family in a much better way. Many students in colleges are compelled to do part time jobs. The main reason for this is not their family cannot bear their academic expenses, so they get no support from their family and are inclined to do part time fobs for the consistency of their education such students are very fond of learning and education who could bear extra load of job in addition to their studies. They would easily manage this. And their studies are not affected by this. The students which belong to a wealthy family have no need of doing jobs because their families could easily finance them. They should give their whole time to studies. But in case, it they are interested to do jobs they can do bit this thing should be taken in account that their attention should not be divested from their basic aim of acquiring education and an adequate time should be given to the studies.


Money is need of time. Particularly in Pakistan poverty is increasing day by day, hence it is the need of hour for everyone to earn wealth. Part time job is one of the better ways to earn. It is the nature of job which some one starts as a side job or as a minor work apart from his/her routine work in free time. No doubt it is very tough to manage your routine work with part time job but genius or needy people do it efficiently. It has many benefits as wall as draw backs. It is beneficial as it increases one's salary and skill, hence awareness also. It is one of the best ways to make your time valuable instead of sitting at leisure. On the other hand it is not student friendly because it is tough for students to manage their studies in most cases. Sometimes one can not give accurate time to friends and family. So due to the frantic routine one has no time to relax his/her body and mind as well. Part time jobs in our society mostly include home tuitions, maids (in case of females) or serving at a store as a salesman. By all that we can say that as other things part time job has both faces         gloomy and dazzling.


Part time jobs mean the students which study at the day time and worked at the evening. The people who cannot afford to complete their education. For the sake of love they have with their education. This is good afford to complete education by its own without been burden on the parents. But because of part time job education is disturbed. The person mind is not fee he have a burden of jobs. Especially for the college students. Because the education at the college level is very tough and it needs more and more time. But this is better in a way to quite from education at least a person can continue his education. In foreign countries there are good opportunities for part time job so that students because independent, practical in their lives but the condition in Pakistan is very alarming. If a person is not able to pay the dues there are not good part time jobs. Only one can have job in a car hap air shop which is not fair. In foreign countries the people do part time jobs have respect but in Pakistan the situation is very sad. To avoid this Government should work this project. The students who wanted to get education and wanted to play role in the progress and supported of their country.


First attention of student should be to pay head o its studies. So, that he can get better position in this society. While there are some financial problems due to which students are compelled to earn for their expenses. In this way they can neither study not work properly. As parents are responsible for their being there. They should equip them with the problems of life. It is the responsibility of parents to provide their children with every facilities of life which they require at that age. But in our society due to financial pressure, they are compelled to do jobs. As a result they fail and cannot show better result in their studies. Some of these students are very talented students. If they are provided with every facility necessary for them at that age. They can made a high in the society for them. But if any student belong to that family which are very poor. They can do work. Some of these student which do not feel jobs. They should be hard work in his studies and make high grade in the society. A student which is very poor. He should be work poverty is the main reason in the society due to which part time jobs are done by the students. They get better position in the society in this way. The student should work hard for his studies. Some students do their jobs for their taste. So part time jobs for college is not too much essential, however there is no fault to done it.


Part time job means job of very short time other than normal job. In Pakistan mostly people do part time jobs. They want to earn extra money. Some poor families have not so money that they can educate their children on the high level. After passing the SS examination mostly students do part time jobs to meet their expenditures. Some people do part time jobs to improve their standard of living. Some people do it for meet their basic needs and for their family. Women also choose this option to earn more and more money and add in their income. In this way they can earn extra money. Money in every month and add it in their savings. Some people do part time jobs for consume their leisure times. On the other hands, with earning extra money people deprived from many luxuries of life. After the work hard of day long they over tired and do not pay proper attention on their family and children. Students do not proper attention to their studies. More work and less rest have bad effect on their health. They do not enjoy the life with their friends and family. Other people who do all the day government or some private jobs and in they do part time jobs in the evening. They do many part time jobs and have no time to spare with their family and friends. They just try to earn money and do not pay any attention even their health.


Part time means, when the student is free from curricular activity and have spare time to do some thing, and when is free from study that time is called part time job. Part time job has some advantages as well as disadvantages. Students do the part time job when they feel that they will have to do part time jobs due to very costly education, and some financial problems. They will do part time jobs to support their families. Then this part time job will be very harmful for them. Because then they will lose so much time for part time job. That would be lose of study. There will be no more focus on study, that time mind will work double edge weapon. Students who are doing part time jobs they have no time for enjoyments, eating, and entertainments. Every thing will be in hurry. There will be no time for relax which is disadvantage of part time job. But there are some advantages also to do the part time jobs. Students can improve their financial problem. Students can earn income for their family and can support their family. When students do part time jobs then they learn so much from this job. They learns practically about life which is benefit to do part time job. If students do their part time jobs then they can explore their work in their regions. When students know that part time job is fulfilling them then they aimed to go and giving full time for job. Hence we can say that part time job is harmful for students, but we have know that it has some main advantages.


Student are building block for a nation. They play a key role in developing countries. Students should give attention to their work. Along with their college or university work they must indulge themselves in an activity which may be beneficial for them is their future. Student must do part time jobs so there might not be any burden on their parents. It does not mean that children are burden for them. But they might be second hand for their parents and it will be easy for one's parents to feas their children. Secondly, part time job are also necessary as one gets experience. As one student have interaction with many people a day. He gets more and more and more experience. It is also well said that Experience makes a man perfect For a poor man, it is too difficult for him to feed their children as well as educate them. Such students should do part time job so that they might help out their parents. On the other hand, some student has interest to keep themselves busy so they take part in such type of activities as well as not waste their times in bad companies. In short, students must indulge themselves in part time jobs for sake of experience.


Everyone is aware of important of part time job. It can be done for many purposes. Major it is practiced due to inflation. No one can fulfill his basic needs even in one job. If you doing one job and you have to support your family you can just live hand to mouth. There are many crises in this country and global crises also affect it. Workers even do not get their salaries at time or at end of month. Under such circumstances one automatically becomes a patient of hypertension so to avoid such situations and economic problems any part time job is quite help full. But doing two jobs one day becomes quite heretic. Part time job can also be done by students who are self dependent. they can join classes at morning and do any lite job like paper distribution translations or any hotel or restaurant like at reception' serving' gest attending agents cooking and managers. this type of job will support their economically and make their quite strong will use their abilities positively and productively . some people do part for fun and passing time. this is this is other way of productive utility of their abilities. it is recreational supportive in productive.


Most of the students of colleges and universities do jobs after or before their study hours in the institution or class. This can be named as part time job. Student do part time job particularly for some reason. They may do this may be due to financial problem, or may be they want to be independent and more practical in their life to gain experience of a job can also be a reason of part time job. But this part time job effects the study of the students. I really and for this they have to be very hard working. As at the same time he has the responsibility of job and the study also. The time of his study is given to responsibility of a job makes a person much mature before the time the job. There fore he can never get relaxed, and a tension will always remain on his mind that may cause effect on his attitude and life also but responsibility of a job is not an easy task at al and for the student it is more tough to handle job and study together. Sometimes because of job he gets tired and unable to give further time for any other work, for study, due to which his result effected. To do part time job with study, the person he to be more responsible, patient and very hard working also.


Part time job is actually a job which a person does in his extra time. It can be a tuition centre job or a call centre job or online jobs etc. Part time job become a trend in present age. mostly students attract toward it. Some people take it as a fun, some in order to get experience, some as a time pass and some in order to fulfill their needs and to support his family financially. Most of students belong to poor families and they are not able to fulfill their study expenses so they join part time job to fulfill their needs. Some students take it as a hobby they know about the value of time and instead of wasting their time, they join some job to get experience. Some people take it as a fun like online jobs. It helps people to fulfill their needs. Part time job encourage to enhance the professional attitude of a person. But some time students involved themselves that much in this job and leave the studies that is not good. If it is taken in positive way it is very helpful. If it is taken in negative way it can create great problems.


Now a day in such a fast growing economy there is very difficult for man to live its both ends. In our society where private colleges are offering many new courses and diplomas for getting jobs and secure futures. There is very difficult for parents to pay such high fees and get admission of their children in private colleges. So a student who wants his dreams come true should have apart time job to fulfil his requirements and necessities. Our growing income is pushing back many middle class people to lower class because of their short incomes and rising problems. In this situation many of the students have to sacrifice for their studies and should find a job to pay their college dues. So we can say that part time jobs are becoming the necessity of college student particularly of middle class students. The part time jobs are not only due to poverty but also some passionate students wants to be independent but in this way we can't say it as essential but we can say it as passion. It reduces the time of study for students on the other hand it improves their abilities. And they are able to step in their practical life.


It is important for college students to have part time job. In this modern age money very important thing for the survival of the family. This is our basic need for human beings. Every person need it for the fulfillment of his or her basic needs. Without money it is not possible. In our society a single family consisted of 6 to 8 members. A single person can not fulfill the needs of whole family. So it is important for the survival of a family that they have two person for earning money. If there is a college going student then he or she should have a part time for getting money. In this way he or she can fulfill his and her family in this way he and she is able to understand his or her duties and responsibilities. In European countries students get jobs and support their family. Their government provide them jobs after tenth grade. These students play their role for the progress of their country in Pakistan this act must be followed. Through this act they can solve most of their problems and play their role in the progress of the country. In this way they become confident and experienced. After completing their education they can get better option jobs.


Any job which is done instead of main priority as a second option without which one can live is called part time job. Main reasons for part time job are the increasing expenses when a person goes with hands to mouth. dial not mange his income with his expenses he start a part time job which may not give him a lot of money but takes a part in managing his expenses so many people give perfencance to it. As part time job is a second option so mostly it has timing which usually is not of working hours. Those timing which people usually use for rest part time job workers dial work in those hours. mostly a person who dial part time job became careless for his health because the time which he should spend in rest he spends it in working. although he earns money but he loses his health and became a machine for money making. some people do not have need to do part time job but even they dial it because they want to collect a lot of money in short time and thrust is such a thing which increases and increases as time passed a hunger for money is such a thing which looks extreme attractive to people to have thrust for it. Some people not have hunger for money neither they need a part time job for expenses but they dial it for gaining experience. Part time job is well it it is done for need or experience but it is not good it is done due to hunger of money.


College is the base of the profession studies if the student want to be some thing. He want to be doctor, Engineer. So he should did well in college. But most of the people donot afford the charges of college fee and he left college just because of lack of money. The young generation wants that they do nothing in their college life except studying and enjoying the college life Their parent pay their dues and any other changes ad where they needs are ot full fill so of the leave the college and some of them doing part time jobs like salemans or tutors. They afford their own dues ad they become totally independent. The student who want to achieve their goal they made their effort and also focused on their studies. This is very good for them. Those who donot want to do hard work they leave study they focus and the determined student do this work ad these student will be succeeded because they never give up against poverty. So student are doing part time job' to keep them busy they help their parents I their business. This can do in the spare time. It can help them.


Modern century is the century of education. Education is very important in the development of country. Part time jobs are becoming popular in Pakistani students also. The students, whose parents can not bare their dues and college fees, are working in selling shops and are baring their expenses by themselves. This is good fact in a way because in this way their education will continue and they can get good jobs after their education. And this facts is bad in a manner, because they can not get rest or spare time for enjoyment their lives become dull and boring. They feel burden after working. And they can not concentrate on their studies. They are the future leaders of the country and nation. So if the government gives the funds and scholarships to the poor and needy students. So the can continue their studies and they got free and spare time for pleasure and enjoyment. So many students are working and jobbing due to their own wishes and desires. But their results are down and this is affecting their studies. It is time to concentrate on their study but their time is spoiling. Some students which are jobbing because their parents or father are not in this world and their relative are not supporting them. And many other facts are responsible for this purpose.


Part time jobs are some time done by people to get more income, as the money is very important and necessary for the people to live a life. As this is a very tough time age, so the things are very costly. Every body is worried due to this problem so they cannot live peacefully in this age. For meet their expenses they do part time job. But in part time job they miss the happiness and joy of family and neighbours and relatives. It also disturbs their health as doing working all the day is not good for health. When they working all the day without any rest then definitely it is not good for their health and family. So part time job is equally useful and harmful. When the students are doing part time jobs then they are trying to earn more for their study issues in this way they help their parents but this things disturbs their study issues. So they fail in the exam. Or sometimes they waste their positions. Part time jobs are not liked in our country because in our country there is no culture of hard working. People are not doing their original jobs so how they can do extra jobs.


Part time jobs for college students a good idea to being employed. There is no wrong in having a part time job while being a student. There are a few key points that prove students having part time jobs are a remarkable concept which I am going to point out. A student that can maintain a part time job gain excellent first hand experience that cannot be gained from the classroom. Besides, by taking a part time job a student can gain access to new experience and new friend. In the part time jobs Students can understand theory easily and more effectively through the practical work as compare to the book warms. Part time job for students is necessary due to higher demand of experienced employees. Today, if we are looking on the newspaper we shall notice that usually experience is required or is an asset. In today's job force, employers do not always have time or the resources to train employees in great depth. Experienced students applying for a job are more likely to be hired than someone who is not as experienced. This is because students with experience show that they have already proven they can handle a job while balancing school and other activities. Many students who have not worked during their educational career find it harder to find jobs. Students are compelled to have part time jobs due to inflation. Some poor students are required to work during their education to pay for hostel bills, and to bear up the expenses of books, notes and etc. In conclusion, a part time job benefits a student in many ways in that it allows a student to be more independent, experienced and confident. They can do future planning and able to achieve their set goals. so that part time job is necessary for college students.


Part time means to do a job for temporary period. it nay be to earn any experience about that profession in which you want to do job. It may be to earn something so that you could make your life good. There many positive and negative effects of part time job. In part time job experience is gained for small period. In this kind of job you are not a permanent part of that organization so tour interest in your job is less and you are less involved in work. You are not so much careful about your job as you know that is not permanent. if job is made permanent after some period of part time job then it becomes a bonus for. In part time job you are doing your job with any work. People do part time job while they are getting education. So from education point of view it is good but from job point of view it is not so good because job needs you complete attention. Your job is no some much preferred by you when you are reading or doing any other work. In part time job you are not restricted too much you can get away from that job at any time without any bad feeling. But in permanent job you could leave your job so easily because you adopt that job as a profession. So part time job is good for you according to condition you are facing. if conditions are saying that it is good for you then you should do it. if condition not good then you should avoid from part time job.


 All work and no play makes jack a dull boy. The college students need to work hard in their studies to get good grades. But some students who cannot afford their expenses do part time jobs. This affect their studies badly. They cannot make their way to good universities, to go in a profession of their choice. They find no time to do their homework. Part time jobs also affect the health of students. They try to do their homework and thus, have no time to sleep. They cannot take meals at regular times. Part time jobs make the students frustrated. They find no time for themselves, no entertainment, no refreshment. This affect their nature badly. Working round the clock makes them like a machine and spoil their personality. The age, they have, to enjoy and to live life like what it deserve, is gone in this period. And this time practice takes away their youth and makes them older enough, so that their lives become so dry and mechanical. Thus, students in trying to live on their own or to help their parents not only disturb their health but also their personalities and their future. There should be organizations to help such students. We must care of our future and today's students are the future.


