Smoking is very bad things which became a bad habit in our society. It became a common fashion in our society and especially Youngers. Young boys try it as a fashion, but it became their habit. When someone involve in this bad habit, he destroy himself, his family and his society. Because smoking finish the person slowly slowly. He can not do work properly. When some person involve in this habit, then it involve them in bad diseases. They became hopeless and homeless. So, this is very harmful thing, which became a bad habit in our generation. Our country has needed so much intelligent generation but if generation involve in these activities, they should destroy their country and their family. We should be avoid this bad habit and request to our others brothers. Because, if this situation became common we could not do for it. People hate the smoking and smokers. They do not like to talk with smokers. It finish the function of internal body of human, So he became finish. We should avoid it. We should tell our friends and relatives that this is bad thing. So we can become good. God Always keep us in right path. Amen!


It is great delima of our age is that the numbers of smokers are increase in our country. The person who is addicted of smoking cannot get rid of from his habit. Where, he fined a lonely place he started smoking. He is totally ignorant from the danger of smoking for him his fellow beings. A great and danger aspect of smoking is the use of smoking in hotels and near the food place. The smoke of cegrate spoiled the food items and when, we eat it cause many disease. Smoking not only harmful for him but also harmful for the citizen of the country. Smoker spread the durty and poisious smoker all around them. Vegetable fruit and other food items and the has a natural capesity to obsoube the dangers gasses, which smokers spread in the atmosphere. It is our moral duty to keep safe our hotels restaurant and other foods shops from these smokers. It is government responsibility to ban the use of smoking and tabackoo in the country specially in the hotels and food places. Due to act upon these principles we can reduce the great chance of many great diseases because it is the big cause of pollution specially food production.


Smoking is a bad habit it has badly effects for a person. Smoking is very dangerous for the health of a person. It destroy the lungs, stomachic, and the mind of person. It destroy the totally health of a person. There many kinds of smoking as like heroin nicotine etc. A person use smoking in this condition when he is in tension then he use some smoking for the relaxation then he uses smoking daily. This bad habit produce in this person slowly then this person use a lot of smoking. He used heroine which has badly effect for his health. It destroy the mind of a person. Then he has totally empty mind. he will sleeping in every time but when time passed he will not sleeping because his sleeping time was pass due to smoking then he has blank mind. When passed the time his respiratory system fully damage. He cannot take breath easily after smoking. He has black color of his face and eyes are red. Then he totally changes in lazy person. He cannot do any work. After all he is suffering in different diseases which damage his health. The person used smoking when he is in fully tension but he does not relax for the use of smoking. Total population has smokers. The strength of smoker is 70% so smoking is very dangerous.


Smoking is the most common physical activity which has been adopted by our young's as well as adults. It causes a serious damage to the brain, lungs and many other body parts. Once a person is addicted to it, it is very difficult for him to shake it off. Although this all should be banned everywhere but it should be strictly prohibited in the public places especially in the restaurants. Restaurants are most common public places. There is no fresh air in the restaurants to carry away the smoke of the cigarettes and other such took by which smokers usually smoke. Everyone has an idea that of damage which is caused by smoking but still a great majority of people have become a victim of smoking and have spoiled their lives. The smoke pollutes the atmosphere by its various ingredients like Nicotine, tar etc. Research have proved that smoking caused by lung cancer not only in the smokers itself but also the people by whom he is surrounded because smoke makes its way through the nostrils into the lungs of the people around a smoker. When a person smokes in a restaurant he not only harms himself but also others around him then he pollutes the atmosphere and also the food. This kind of food is not less than a poison. Therefore it is the responsibility of the administration of the restaurant and each and every one of us to do our best to stop this rising destruction


Smoking is a habit of people to take smoke of tobacco in their body. For this purpose the people take smoke in different ways like taking smoke through the cigarettes or through the cigars. The upper or middle class people smoke cigarettes or cigars while the lower level people smoker smokes hubble bubble or huqqa. But whether it is cigarettes or cigars or huqqa, all the things have the same purpose. Some people who enjoy smoking for fashion have no particular liking or disliking for smoking. They only do it for the purpose of fashion, the so called fashion and modernism. While on the other hand some people or rather most of the people do smoking as a addiction. Actually the daily life has become too much tough and almost every man and woman is worried and tense. In order to release the tension the people start doing smoking. They take smoking as a way to release the tension. But while releasing the tension they are further increasing their problems and troubles. The health problems that are take place due to smoking are very much dangerous and problematic. The smoking badly effects the lungs of the man. It causes the cancer of lungs and the cancer of mouth. Moreover it produces asthma and many other diseases related to respiratory system.


I agree with the topic of this essay that smoking should be banned at all restaurants. Most of us have experience that the people usually start smoking in the restaurants. Since smoking causes many bad effects in our society, it must be banned in restaurants like places. Smoking can affects the women's, children's health and the smokers, lower the living standards of our society and pollute the environment. Women and children have a weaker immune system than men while it is scientifically proved that smoking is much more harmful for the people who inhale the smoke than the smoker itself. The people who breathe the smoke may get lung cancer, blood cancer, heart attack or have some respiratory problems for a long time. The smokers on their own also become weaker and easily having these diseases. Moreover the coming generation who see adults smoking may imitate them. Some of them think that it is the sign of becoming mature, which make them, start smoking earlier to satisfy the feeling of being an adult. Their health must be worse gradually while they are the bright future of their nation. Therefore, the efficiency and productivity in many fields of careers is decreased, which leads to a poorer society with the lack of high standard products and facilities for a comfortable life. In addition, the medicine and treatment fee for the people who are prey to smoking are so large that it takes a large sum of money of the government while these money can be used for other purpose like supporting the education, to increase their export business and also decrease the increasing rate of poverty. In conclusion, I think that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants, public places, colleges, offices and even on the roads are really beneficial to all of us because it save more people from having lung cancer and save the environment.


Smoking is a bad habit. It is a form of drug like heroin etc. but it is not a pure form of drugs. First people take it as an enjoyment with friends but later it becomes habit. The addiction of smoking becomes a part of them. The smoke which emit from cigarette is very dangerous for health. The person which is use to of smoking is affected directly because he takes smoke in but the people living with him are also affected and indirectly. The smoke which he emits from his mouth and from cigarette is very dangerous for other people also. There are some abnormalities in the children of those smokers which are not much observed in younger age but can be observed when they grew older. When the smokers go to any restaurant and start smoking the other people who are not use to of this smell feel disturbance. Some people who are allergic to its smell. The smell becomes a part of edibles. Some people feel nausea to its smell. So, the smoking should be banned in restaurants. The advertisement should be banned. The cigarettes should be banned in shops. The young nation is spoiled by bad habit of smoking. It's after affect are miserable. There are many institutions who are working for it. We should help the people who are addict of smoking because smoking causes skin cancer, lung cancer, T. b, heart diseases. PREVENT IS BETTTER THEN CURE.


Smoking is very bad habit. As a result of which environment it's polluted badly. It should be banned everywhere. While the restaurants is a public place, where people come to eat and refresh themselves. At this place, if smokers come due to smoking other people which are eating there are disturbed. Smoke is not only harmful for smoker but also for other people living around him. This smoke contains toxic substances like nicotine which is toxic for human health. It causes also lung diseases. In these diseases mostly respiratory disease and diseases belong to lung are common. It should be stressed by the administration of the restaurants that it is also place of public gathering where people come to eat, so environment of such places should ne healthy, so that people feel calm there. But if the surrounding environment of eating place filled with smoke, particle present in smoking and causing different diseases by directly entering into the body but also spread in the food. When people respite in that polluted environment, air entering in them disturbs their lungs badly. Smoking is a very serious problem of our society. It should be banned everywhere but at the places like restaurant where people come to eat, it should be banned society. Because there are many bad effect of smoking on not only on the smokers but also on the people living in there surrounding environment.


First of all smoking is bad for health. it cause many problems like chest infection, T. B and other danger disease. But knowing the all effects of smoking on health people used in wide range. Now these day people used in restaurants, where people coming to eat some food of special kind. And some people used this habit everywhere even restaurants. The smoking caused many problems as we know better if it in restaurants then it causes the polluted the food and it cause the stomach infection. In foreign country in some middle and high restaurants banned on smoking. Smoking has the nicotine particles which make the food dirty. A person who smokes who decrease the lifeline also impact on the other companion. If some one asked why you being smoker then they (smokers) replied to release the tension but what ever they think it is not good for health. Especially in restaurants and the prevent from the smoking which making the food poisons. Now it's our duty to save our country from the pollution of the smoking or the nicotine effects. Smoking should also be banned in pubs, where the people also come for enjoy and for eat and drink. The nicotine is like the drug and its effect on human body very harmful and cause the death. So please the stop smoking also tell other about the harmful effect of it. Banned in restaurants and try to stuck the pages on wall of restaurants NO SMOKING.


Components creating problem are source of hindrance smoking is the same thing. It is a way of spoilage and wastage of youth. Through many effect have been done to stop it yet it is increasing rapidly. It has taken the whole world. A thing is always adopted rapidly. Now days a new problem of smoking has appeared. It is that smoking at restaurants. Restaurant is considered peaceful places. Smoking there is very immoral and against law. It not only creates a unhealthy atmosphere but also disturb other. Smoking at restaurants is a situation which creates disturbance and hatred among public. We should consider that anything natural must not be destroyed. Restaurant is a place favorable to human nature. It must not be spoiled. Moreover, steps should be taken both at individual and public level to stop this problem. Government should make rules and regulations concerning this problem. It is an important issue both regarding health and mind peace. No one should be allowed to smoke in restaurant. It is our obligation to consider rights of others and give importance to them. As human beings we must feel for others and should not do anything which disturbs others.


Smoking is a bad habit. It causes dangerous diseases. Especially it causes respiratory disorders lungs and also damage due to smoking because cigarette contains many harmful par ticks, cancerous Patrick. Smoking does not affect those people which are surrounding them. It particles also moues in air and cause the air pollution. In the west it is adopted as fashion but now also in Pakistan. Now only man, woman and young boys and girls also pass through this temptation. Usually the habit of smoking is passed through bad companies. Smoking is very common in Pakistan. It is destroying the future of Pakistan. Restaurant is very common and public place, smoking should be banned here. But now in restaurant shisha mane tool is used as a fashion. Through which people smoke. Smoking is basic hurdle in the development of our country useless and cause discourages. Restaurant is a public place where a lot of people including children which should be banned. To banned smoking here warned the owner of restaurant that they do not arranged the shisha and other such thing. And next step taken by Government is that, those industries which made such thing should ban and advertisement of cigarette o newspapers should be banned.


The beginnings of smoking are said to be in the continent of America. After Columbus discovered America, smoking spread rapidly to other regions of the world. Initially, herbs were smoked because of their medicinal properties. Raw tobacco has been used for smoking. With the advancement of technology smoking technique has also advanced, and the most common form of smoking is cigarettes. Smoking is a dangerous habit. In fact, every 10 seconds a person dies due to smoking. Cigarette smoke comprises of carcinogenic substances. The smoker harms his health as well as that of other people who inhale smoke exhaled by a smoker. This habit becomes all the more harmful because of it's addiction. A smoker needs great self control to uproot this habit, which is rare in most cases. Smoking causes heart problems. The main problems created by smoking are as follows. 1. Nasal Infection. 2. Respiratory problems like chronic coughing, asthma and lung cancer. 3. Peptic ulcer and constipation. 2. Premature ageing. 3. Impotency and child birth defects. It should be the prime job of the government and the NGOs to eradicate this harmful product from the society as it corrodes human potential thus rendering the geographical resources useless. It also destroys the future generation of a country. To decrease the percentage consumption of cigarettes advertisement of these products should be banned to decrease this trend. The purchase of cigarettes should also be dealt with an iron hand.


Smoking was an entertaining activity in the past. People adopt smoking to refresh themselves in the old time. First, people addicted of smoking through clay pipe but with the passage of time, cigarette become popular. In past, it was only a refreshing activity but it has become a habit in the modern time. In anything becomes a habit then it is difficult to get rid of it. He people who are in smoking face many problems in their lives. Smoking causes lungs cancer. Smoking is not considered a healthy activity so smokers lost their health gradually. Smoking cause suffocation. Mostly smokers have cough problems. Coughing infected the lungs also. Smoking does not affected the smokers but smoke of cigarette prey the nearest people of smokers. After becoming a habit, it becomes a fashion. Everybody wants to adopt this fashion. As a fashion, it is rereading falsely among our youngsters. Smoking is equally popular among literate and illiterate people. Sometime people adopt smoking to avoid from frustration. In restaurant, smoking should be banned because that is a public places. Use of smoking makes the public places polluted for the other people. Some people are allergic of smoke so they fell uneasy there. People come in the restaurants for their entertainment but when they will be provided with atmosphere, they will be uneasy. Some people have suffocation problem but in an atmosphere of smoke, they feel difficulty in proper breathing. Government should banded smoking in all the restaurants. In this way, people will get good entertainment and they feel easiness there.


Smoking is a bad habit. This habit is increase day by day. In our society more then fifty present people are smokers and the numbers of smokers are increase day by day. People think that by doing smoking they release their tension but they do not know how they effect their human body. Our youth take this activity very fastly. Smoking can damage the cells of body of human being. If we does avoid that the commercial of smoking on T. V or media then they will be increase. The advertisement of cigratte on newspaper to be avoided. Mostly people are die due to smoking. Smokers not only effect his body but also the people who are sitting around them. Arounding to the scitent smokers smoking anything is bad. One of the most common smoking is use is cigratte. Their smokers goes into the lungs and damage it. in restrurent people should be benneb to take smoking beceuse in this place food is present which is useful to our health where useful thing is present then they have not allow to take bad thing. If we take smoking we are not only effect to our health but also the health of other. People who are present around us this is also the reason that smoking should be benned in resturent. To avoid people from smoking Govt. should make rehabilitation centre and to aware the people from smoking they conduct speeches and advertisement of cigratte on electric media, newspaper and radio should be banned. In this way our country progress.


The word smoking itself contains many jeopardizes. Beside this many smokes, don't realizing about their precious gift of GOD Health. It starts by fun or may be get impressed by some one's style of smoking. And at last they become addict of this bad habit. Some heart breakers used to say that I trust a ciggarrate more than a girl, because cigarratte will damage my lungs not break my heart. What a funny sentence they used to comment. Even they don't realize that if heart breaks by some one's rude attitude it doesn't matter because you will not have to pay a grand lost of physical fitness. But when lungs are get damaged, it will creat a menace and your health will be affected, even the precious and scrumptious gift LIFE may also be lost. Then we have to decide by ourself that should we prefare lungs to be broken or the Heart? The physicians reports that a chain smoker kill himself five years before his death time. The main interesting thing I came to see that on the packets of ciggarrate the tobacco company has written that Tobacco kills it's best customers, what a dilemma this is ?On the one side they do the marketing of it and on the other hand they warns the public. In such circumstances we judge by ourselves whom to be preferred i. e The LIFE or DEATH.


Smoking is an addiction. A person who fall prey to smoking cannot get out of it. Smoking is bad habit and it should be banned by not giving advertisement in news papers. Smoking should be banned in all places but as the topic is about restaurants so, smoking should be banned in restaurants. The people sitting in restaurant try to adopt the lifestyle of other people. Children and youth follow the lifestyle of other people as they are growing stage. As the man is affected by his environment. So, if smoking is done in front of the innocent people they try to follow it and falls prey to it and never become successful in their future. One of the reason to ban smoking in restaurant is to save innocent children from smoking. The other reason is that smoking is injurious to health. The people sitting in restaurant are also affect by the smoking through they are not smoking. So, through the mistake is of one but the whole people in the restaurant are affect by this bad habit. As a result they lose their life. the smoking may cause to lung cancer and many other disease. So, smoking should be banned in restaurants. Government should take steps to ban smoking.


Smoking is an extremely bad thing to get hooked on. It not only affects the people that are smoking but also the people around them that breathe that same air. Smoking is harmful to your body and it makes you look and smell bad. Who wants to get breathed on by an ashtray or see those nasty yellow stained teeth Not Me.. . Some people say that smoking is just a bad habit and nothing more. They couldn't be more wrong. Tobacco use is an addiction. According to the U. S. Public Health Service Clinical Practice Guideline, "Treating Tobacco Use and Dependence, " nicotine is a very addictive drug. For some people, it can be as addictive as heroin or cocaine. Some actually place it in a category 10 times more addictive than heroin. Smoking is also a very expensive habit. I was just at Wal Mart and a carton of cigarettes is $40. Assuming a carton a week, that's $2, 080 a year. Is that insane or what? Myself I would much rather spend that money on shopping or something. You don't have to be a smoker to be seriously harmed by the fumes either. If you life with someone that smokes or maybe you just sit by someone smoking on the bus. Your lungs are going to be harmed. Second Hand smoke is just has serious as smoking. The amount of second hand smoke inhaled by the typical nonsmoker is equivalent to one cigarette smoked a day.


Smoking is a kind of morphemic is very bad for the health of anybody. It is dangerous for the body. It effect on the health with different diseases There different types of smoking. It may contain on opium, morphine, nicotine etc. These are effect on our mind, stomach, liver etc. It may causes on our body with many daisies. It is the causes of hepatitis, cancer, Mental retardation and stomach, instating etc. person who use drugs cannot live normally. He use it many reasons. Sometime a person uses it for peace, due to some frustrations, tensions, and anxieties etc. He uses it due to his house problems, with income problems. He wants to make himself peaceful. Because there are no good income sources in our county, poor people cannot afford there expensive. Some young boys use it at university level with the company of bed boys. Sometime young boys they stand at the corner of the street the use smoking and tease the girls. They do not have any work. They do not study. They started bed works. So it is very important for our GOVT they should provide all facilities of people. They can provide normal life. In universities unit authority should be control smoking. If the generation of any country is good then this country will developed and provide in the world.


Smoking is a very bad habit. People smoke cigarettes in many ways. They are like cigarette very much. But this is a dangerous thing. It is bad for the health of the people. This is very danger for lungs. It is also chest problem and cancer. Smoking is kill the people. People like it very much. They are release the tension and smoke for the enjoyment. The who is addict can not leave it easily. It also causes problems in mentalness. It has bad effects on brain and body. It is very big wastage of money and health. It also cause the environment pollution. It also become the cause to dislikeness of the people. When you are smoking and sitting with the other people then those people do not like you those do not smoke. In this way people dislike the smoker. It effect bad on the other people. It is a very fatal disease and danger to the smoker and also people leaving in some serious it may cause death to a people smoking 20 or 30 cigarettes a daily. Such person can become seriously ill. People that become addict of this can leave it some clinics are made for recovery of smokers. Government can also play an important role in stop smoking. They banned smoking and advertisement of smoking and purpose for reducing the peoples tensions making environment good.


Smoking is a bad thing. Many people uses of smoking in the Pakistan. In the modern world smoking of use very much. Smoking have many kinds. Examples tobacco, hookah etc. The habit of smoking prevails in every part of the world. Smoking effects are very bad and alarming. Smoking is a poison. Smoking injure our health. The smoke effects our lungs, throat and breath. Many students are involve this disease. Smoking creates many diseases in the world. Smoking is a social evil. Many people and many students do the smoking in the tenssion. Tobacco causes bad breath and stink in the mouth. Smoker get bad and dirty teeth which cause other diseases. Tobacco is a bad thing which causes the loss of many lives and road accidents. In the full life many parents of his children. Tobacco destroys the body of man. There are some principle and methods which can help a smoker stop the smoking. He can start the exercise and avoid the bad company of smoker. He should eat the fruits and do the daily walk. Smoking is the bad thing because the people who smoke can not live happily and suddenly they die. I think that smoking is a bad habit because smoking destroys the homes of people and also danger for the life of every man.


Smoking is very bad habit. Now days this habit spread throughout the world. In every country smoking day by day increases. We protect you from dangerous thing, we take of yourself in everyday life but if we are smokers then it is time to protect yourself from yourself. Smoking is very bad thing; if one is using it he is destroying himself, unknowingly its sad effect. When any person selects it, then he is not aware of its harms and he became addicted of it. It looks pleasant to do smoking, but with the passage of time it gives its disadvantage as it damaged human lungs badly resorts. Many other harms like laziness, weakness, dark circus around eyes. It is not only harmful for smokers but it also irritate other people who are in that all where a person is using a cigarette. It is smoke pollutes. The air gives a bad smell which irritates and upset the other person badly. We should avoid this bad habit, because when we start it first time, then it became a habit. Most of people presser other people to start smoking using different tricks foe this purpose. They say the thing like that if you will smoke you will feel very happy and pleasant, your depression will be end and to on. But if one is being tempted his depression increase instead of decrease. Smoking is a disadvantage for human being. They prevent so many things which can destroy them and added to keep them safe, like they use smoking badly.


Sometimes people start smoking unconsciously but they become part of their life. Among them some makes as pious and on the other side some things like drinking, smoking, gambling, can stray us in dark. Smoking at first man start unconsciously but it contains some particles which can cause addiction. Smoking is done with the help of many different ways eg cigar which is mainly used By the upper class people or we say the rich class. In villages the trend is of hubble bubble. Middle class done it with cigarettes and students done smoking in a fashion manner with the help of sheesha. Usually a person become addict to cigarette is due to a bad company which is main cause of the smoking or they start smoking as a fashion or getting inspired from filmy heroes. It causes many mental disorders like phobia, nausea etc. Many brilliant sutdents face a lot of losses due to it. Inspite of it's mental destruction it also causes many physical problems like cancer, coughing, constipation, lungs problems etc. It also causes damage to child born to a smoking mother. Smoking is the main cause of the heart attack. Smoking causes loss of money. Governments are taking measures to stop its flow. Governments make it compulsory for smoking companies to publish it's harmful effects on its covering with the heading of warning.


Smoking is very harmful for all. Smoking now a days is very common. Everyone especially our young generation seems to be smoking everywhere. Every city, every street, at every corner young boys are seen to smoking. It has defected all. it is very dangerous for health. It causes cancer & heart patients. It damages our lungs & Breathing problems. The smoke of cigarettes is not only dangerous for smokers but also for the people sitting around the smokers. When smoke goes direct from the mouth or nose it firsts effects our throats due to which we cause throat infections, stomach problems, lungs problems & cancer etc. it is damaging life of many people. The young generation except of being support of their parents. Smoking has very badly affected the whole young generation. It is not only loss of health but also loss of money. Old people are also very badly affected by smoking. Due to this bad habit of smoking many new healthy problems are created. Government should take a strictly action against smoking. They should banned the smoking companies & and should fine the smokers. The shops which sales the cigarette should be closed by government if we want to improve our healthy problems & young generation.


As we all know that Smoking is injuras to health. Smoking is a very bad habit. It actually kills a person. We should not smoke ciggreat but actually ciggreat smoke us. Smoking has only negative side effects. Smoking destruct all our nation. Mostly our nation person are victum of smoking. Every where on bus station, school, colleges, universities and especially in restaurants we can saw 100s of people which are its victum. Restaurants are the main campus from where it actually beings. People of every type come in restaurant and meet people which are often good or often bad. Some strong people wholost their everything due to bad habit of smoking want other should also its victim. They should be like him. So, first of all he provide smoking essence for taste and free od cost. Smoking essence attract a person and then they will fall prey of it. Mostly students which are its victim enjoy it first in restaurant through their bad company. The aim of student is to work hard and support his family and make his country progressing but smoking change all his aim. It take him away from his aims. Smoking also promote crimes. Many years ago World bank had given its report about the smoking which is terriable. Our religion, our Allah, our Holy Prophet (PBUH) and our Holy Book also for bad us from smoking. So, we should not smoke and help the victim of smoking to leave this bad habit and apply sign of no smoking everywhere to lessen this bad habit. Police and other should make people to apply on this rule.


Smoking is the inhaling of dangerous smoke into the body. it is of different types ie cigarette shisha etc. it is a habit which lowers one's lifetime. The smoke which is inhaled by the smokers in to the body is very dangerous for health. It causes many disease ie cough; lungs cancer anemia etc. people use to smoke starts as a fashion or fun but by the time they becomes their need to survive and to live their life. Usually young boys when move to colleges they start smoking. In colleges five percent of students start smoking but by the time when they reach to university the percentage become 30 and when they complete their study life more than 52% of students are smokers. If a person become addict of the smoking it becomes very difficult for it to stop. Now a days smoking is getting common in woman also. Many young girls use to smoke as a fashion. Many bad people are doing business with smugglers and are spreading it. They are making innocent people addicted of it. Our life is a gift of god it's our duty to live to safely instead of spoiling in it. Smoking just takes a man to the grave. We should avoid it and spread the message to everyone to stop it. It is the thing that is dangerous for health and people buy it with their will. Which is the height of ill literacy and carelessness? Everyone should come and fight against it as it is spoiling children's youth and mature people also to save ourselves and to kick out this bad habit and we should join hands and should say no to drugs. Many people use to smoke as they think that it will decrease their sorrows and will give them strength to fight against but they are totally wrong because it make then more weak and damages then more than their sorrows. It just causes death.


Warning, smoking is injurious to health. We see this sentence written on every smoking product. But who cares what is the message trying to send by health ministry to public. But in a sense it is humors thing. Don't it? We all know that smoking cause cancer, lungs problems, infect liver and many other diseases. Coal tar is a poison which is used in cigarettes. A person who is not smoker, is also disturbed by smoker. Now days, it has become fashion to smoke. The young generation is especially becoming victim of this. This habit usually comes from bad company, especially friends. Media has also contributed in it. Media show the heroes smoking and some boys impressed from them. They follow the same thing that they see. It is the duty of ours to remove this curse from our society. The children should be educated how to make away from smoking. There should be held seminars to awake people. The cigarettes should not be saled to the teen ages. The advertisements of smoking should be discouraged on TV. The taxes should be increased on cigarettes so they are more expensive. So the people may not buy them. Other things should also be done to prevent smoking.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants First I would like to introduce the concept of smoking. The detestable habit of smoking was introduced by America. Now I am going toward my topic which is under my discussion. There are several factors which cause to develop a smoking habit in our innocent society those factors can be a bad company of friends, company of rich people and many more factors. The topic which is under discussion that is smoking should be banned in all restaurants I am in favor of this restriction that if the smoking is banned in all restaurants than May our some people can save himself from such detestable habit for a some time. The origin which gives birth to this bad habit is actually the restaurant where people come for eating or to serving some one; this is the place where the companies are taking origin. It is truly said that first impression is last impression. If the origin of any thing is bad what would be to the next upcoming. That's why there should be banned on smoking in restaurants. So, this social evil can be uprooted from root. In this way we can pure our society from all evils. If we want uproot this social evil from root this is the best way to stop smoking in restaurants because the change is gradually and slowly occurred. If we want to change the society immediately it is impossible, because the change occurred gradually.


Smoking is a thing that is really very dangerous for the human health. It has a lot of bad effects on the life of human beings. There are different types of drugs some are in the form of powder, others are in the form of liquid, but the drugs that at use for smoking purposes are cigarrates and etc. the smokers take their smoke inside themselves which is very dangerous for the human lungs and causes a lot of disease related to lungs. Restaurants are the place where people often use to go for enjoyment and relaxation. So the smoking at such places should be strictly banned. Because these places provide a sort of relaxation to the public. Not only in restaurant but smoking is strictly banned at all such public places which are a source of relaxation for the people from their daily routines. In the restaurants people goes for outing, they go their also for having meals and if the smokers start smoking there, the people gets disturbed. And they try to get rid of such places and it becomes harmful to both the public and the honours of the restaurants, because they did not get enough benefit. So, the smoking should be banned in the restaurants. So that the people can enjoy their lives peacefully and happily.


Smoking is the greatest menace of the modern times. It has the biggest effect on all the human beings all over the world. It is the type of drug. Pakistan has never been free from traditional drugs. Every persons of the world is doing smoking even a young child. Smoking is fully of many disadvantages. First it destroys the person physically, mentally. With the passage of the time the lungs of smoking addict become useless and it cause cancer and many other diseases Secondly it deprive the persons of his honor Thirdly the smoker create disturbance in the society smoking not only affected the health of the people who is addicted but also affected the other people all around it through the smoke of the Cigarette. Most of the people who is addicted by smoking do smoke in the restaurants and other public places and cause to create disturbance into the environment. Although the smoking should be banned in the restaurant and other public places to save the environment as well as health of the others people who is not addicted. Most of the people particularly women are disturbed from the smoke of cigarette and due to the smoke vomiting come and instead to enjoy the meal in the restaurant they disturbed so it is necessary to band the smoking in the restaurant.


Smoking is a process which is used by people. In this process the material which are harmful for the health of man are used such as nicotine and other things which are used in powder form and in liquid form are really harmful for mankind. The things used are harmful for the lungs and liver. Once it is used it is difficult to get rid of from this. And restaurant is a place where people go to refresh themselves by eating food and take pleasure by going there. In reataurant different type of people come and refresh themselves. But if there is smoking in restaurant it is not only effect health. But it also effect food items there. Smoking have bad effect on health. Smoke produce by smoking effect the lungs of person who is smoking and it is also dangerous for other people. Bad smell present in the mouth of people who take smoking and even due to smell it is difficult to talk with them. And in restaurant where many people came it give bad effect on their health. People dislike smoke person. So smoking should be banned not only restaurant but also from other public places. It not only effect health but also pollute the air which is dangerous for environment.


Smoking, as we all know, is detrimental to health but there are some people sticking to this hobbit. It causes several diseases into our body and makes our longevity shorter. Smoking in restaurants is a disruption to everyone's meal, not just the smokers. The dividers that restaurants owners provide do not keep the smoke from spreading to non smoking areas. The smokers do not worry about the smoke because they have a filter and have made the choice to smoke. Most of the time smokers do not even notice the smoke; they have become immune to smell of smoke. Without the filter, the non smokers end up taking in more toxins than smokers do. Ventilation along with dividers may be a way to solve the smoke problem. The dividers placed between smoking and non smoking areas do not provide a good enough barrier Latest research shows that the banning of smoking in restaurants has reduced heart attacks by as much as a fifth. In all the studies it was observed that the restaurant smoking ban had had a direct effect. After the ban there was an immediate reduction in the number of heart infarct victims admitted to hospitals. Beginning 2004 many countries have banned smoking in restaurants. Norway and Ireland were among the first. This is also evident in the reduction of heart attacks. It has been estimated that 400 000 people have given up smoking altogether after restaurant smoking was banned in England in July last year. The ban has been calculated to prevent 40 000 deaths during the next 10 years. Irish researchers have pointed out that the ban on smoking has raised the quality of music in restaurants. Banning smoking in restaurants has thus proven an excellent measure for keeping clean various pipes in musical instruments as well as in humans.


Yes, smoking should be banned in all restaurants because smokers creates many problems for others. there are many causes of smoking. Media is very important cause, people blindly follow the actors, and many actors are smokers. People become smoker to rid from the worries and problems. They smoke and feel relaxation. In modern age people think that smoking is a fashion so they start smoking. In modern age many women are smokers due to media. They smoke and show that they belong a high/modern family. It has many bad effects. In fact smokers are destroying their self. There are many diseases due to smoking lung cancer is very common due to smoking. people hate smokers, they don't like smokers. in public places many people deal disturbance due to smokers. It has many bad effects on young generation, new every boy is adopting this as a fashion, and they transfer this fashion to their friends. It should be banned in all restaurants because restaurants are family place and many families feel disturbance due to smokers. Smokers are spoiling the environment of restaurants. Conclusion is that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Government and public mostly pay attention for the prohibition of smoking.


Smoking is a habit that is very bad ad destroys the smoker. It affects the health of person involved in smoking or inatmoshphare of smoking. It completely destroys the respiratory system include lungs respiratory tube and cause very dangerous type of cancer. Smoking includes the common cigarette to developed form of cigarette that is cigarette with heroine. It involve every dangerous nor cots. Its ingredients very dangerous to health are tobacco nicotine. Nicotine is very dangerous to the memory of a person instead of health problem it is a habit that very expensive. One has to spent a lot of money to meet this habit. it one has not money he do crimes to fulfill his need. Smoking completely destroys him. The phylogical effects both the physcal and phsclogical health. One having such habit cannot do his work properly. He cannot give proper time to his family. His health down day by day the strength of smoker is 70% . This habit is very common in young boys. We should have to take steps against such habit. Seminars should be arranged against smoking. As smoking is very dangerous to health.


Smoking is a bad addiction to cigarettes. Once a person falls in victim of it, it is very difficult for him to avoid smoking. It is most common in our youth now but most of our elders are also having this bad habit. I think so people are illiterate and don't know about the harmful aspect of smoking. Even if they know, still they are so badly addicted that they remove or finish this bad habit. People become addicted to smoking due to bad company and accepting free offers of drug pushers. Now a day it is too much spread not only in foreign countries but in Pakistan too up to great extent. Health is wealth. But I think so this proverb is useless and meaningless because people are wasting their money or wealth on much useless thing which instead of benefiting them, they only spoiling their whole lives and money and creating serious tension for themselves and their parents. Smoking is a course. It is very harmful to human life and also to the nature and environment. Smoking is often prohibited in restaurants and other public places but most of the people disobeying the rules to do smoking. The smoke of cigarette and cigars are taken in the body along with food. And people other than smoker become chain smokers and are harmed too. Cigarette and smoking is the major causes of lung cancer and other skin and respiratory diseases. The smoke along with food contaminates it and spoils the beneficial Aspects and effect of food and our body do not get nutrition. Hazart Muhammad (PBUH) has also prohibited and said to avoid the addiction prevailing things. Smoking must be strictly banned in restaurants and hotels. They intoxicate the mind and also have become a major cause of early death rates. We must save our life and others and should not follow these bad habits and should make our country prosper.


Smoking means smoke the tabbaco in folding paper called ciggerate. Our society have some rules or regulations to live in it. smoking is not a good thing for the representation of our personality and for our body function. Life is a great gift of God for us and we destroy it with smoking. Mostly young generation effected by smoking. Bad company of friends make them smokers. Now a days smoking known as a fashion in our society. It make addict to the young students of our nation. It is not a good habit. it disturb a man mentaly and physically both. Our lungs fail due to smoking. Smoking is not only a bad habit but it also affect our national development. when students smoke they cant participate in curricular and extra curricular activities and they disturb physically too ant cannot pay attention to their studies. In this way how our country develop? People do not like the smokers and smoking because it show a very bad Impact on our personality. And when our freiends smoke our amage also become bad and a great quote a man known by his company which he keeps. so be aware from smokers and smoking because it destroyed our life rapidly in the sense of some harmful disease like lungs disease heart problem and cancer. Our life is not only fot us but it also important for our relatives.


Smoking is a famous act of the today's generation. They try to tell us that they are the follower of the modernism but actually they are wrong. Smoker use mostly tobacco to entertain themselves. But actually they burn their lives and as well as others. They enjoy smoking to release their depression and think that they are free from them. They are put their life in danger actually. They face lots of diseases, lot of mishappenings happen. Why they do so? Why they act like that? Lack of knowledge? They are misguided by others? What is the reason behind that? I think they have no enough knowledge about that, about their act, and disadvantages. They only start that due to fashion, sometimes want to compete others. Sometimes due to depression. But if they know the disadvantages of smoking they won't do this. But here is a question new generation knows all that think why they act so? Boys thought that girls like them when they smoke? No, never!!! Then why??? The only reason I have come to agreed upon is the materialistic thinking and the no purpose race of looking different and cool which has unconsciously started through different sources.


I think this topic is very necessary to be discussed. As smoking is becoming a fashion among people, so that now smokers are performing their job very well. Every where and in every place smoking is becoming habit. Usually the restaurants, which are becoming the house of smokers. Yes it should be prohibited. I want to give an example to the smokers so that they may understand that smoking is not just dangerous to their health but it also leaves its effects on others. Now just imagine that for example if you are tired and want some relax, mean want to sleep or any thing by which you feel comfort and then suddenly a crowed of children came to you and asked you to play with them etc. How irritation will be felt by you at that time? Yeah, same happens when you people smoke in the public rooms and especially in Restaurants. People come their to be relaxed and to get some change from their daily routines but the smoke of your cigarettes badly effect them and some who are very sensitive suffered in some throat problems as well. If a man is suffering in just because of some smoke in the air then what will happens to you after smoking one cigarette. So please think on it. And for your kind information, one cigarette decreases 15 minutes of man's life. I am not giving here the comments on this issue that because of cigarette environment is polluted etc. Because these are very basic things and every one should have at least this sense, which is actually our common sense. So at the end I will finish my talk by saying that if you doesn't care of yourself then can you please do care of others, you have to do it. So I am strongly agreed with that smoking should be banned in restaurants.


As many as forty percent man and eight percent women smoke regularly. Smoking is today to be the biggest dieses. The life of smoker is cut short 10 12 years and more then half of all Smokers die from smoking is a slow killer. It has become fashionable in the world today to condemns smoking so I do not thing it should be banned completely. A further point is that government's thought the world make huge pacifist from taxes of cigarettes. You can go for laser therapies or consume herbal tea. you must take carefully after your quit smoking. If you have any element you must meat to your physician and check if it because of quit smoking. For many year governments have tired to reduce smoking. but it not be successful to ban it completely. While there is no doubt smoking is very bad for you some are happy to continue. I don't think it should be banned through the legal system. it should be the choice of the restaurant go non smoking but at least a few would still keep on the tables. Some says that better yet the market at the very least there should be a Ban on all tobacco.


Smoking is a very dangerous habit which is growing rapidly specially in young youth. Smoking is first started in Africa. In those days smoking is done by adding 'tobbaco' is 'bans' sticks. This facitates them very well. Then this deadly habit entrred the sub continent. The sub continent and the people of sub continent welcome it with very open heart as they use to do it. Now a days many company are making these fire papers and advertised them like energetic tablet. Now smokers are thought to modern and verstyle class of modern society but in reality they are destroying their health their lifes. They are wasting their money as well as their lives. As it is said that smokers never had to face oldness because they died in youth. Government have to take some steps to restrict it because trend of smoking is increasing day by day. According to World Bank Report Pakistan is having more then Quater part of smokers in the whole world. This all is due to negligence of gouernment and also of our selves because we did not care what our child is doing in closed room. Elders are doing this devil's work in public places. Which tends the youth to also do the some work. The first step which have to take is Banned smoking in restaurants, hotels, parks roods and on bus stops etc. Coming towards the topc. We have to banned smoking over public places as discuss above that it gives charm to young youth. The plan with their immature minds and immature friends and one they stated this it is very much difficult to avoid. So Government have to make save that no one is smoking on public places so this deadly habit should be stop and thrown out of our piorour country.


SMOKING should be banned in restaurants/hotels or not? I am totally agreed with this point of view but here the question arises that how an act of an individual person can is harmful for others. Every person is independent and in the whole world there is no law of interfering in one's personal life. But one's INDEPENDENCE ENDS WHERE HIS RIGHT STARTS. It's the responsibility of a person that his act will not harmful for others. Everyone knows that smoking is less harmful for smoker or more harmful for the people sitting near him. In hotels or restaurants where people come for relaxation or enjoyment a smoker creates a bad impact. People dislike him and teenagers attract towards him, the craze of smoking develops in their minds. Smoker disturbs People by smoke while they are eating food or anything else. It also causes serious diseases. So what should we have to do in this situation? In this situation it is a responsibility of hotel management to make smoking rooms or band smoking in sitting or dinning hall. It's also the responsibility of government to assign security, police or special rangers to stop smoking in public places. This may help our environment to be clean.


First of all smoking is very bad habit. But people adopt this habit in a wide range. All people knowing that smoking caused various horrible and dangerous diseases. Some of diseases are T. B, cancer, chest infection and cough. But now these days new generation also fall in bad habit of smoking very rapidly. Smoking occurs at every place, in hospital, in garden, in school and in college, university. But now even in the restaurant smoking is also finding. Smoking in restaurant is very bad habit. Because in restaurant the people who do not smoke affected by the smoking people. They suffer from many diseases. Nicotine that is used in cigarette which is the type of drug that affect the health and eatable things. If someone asked to smoker's reasons of smoking then they answer that they adopt smoking to release their tensions and worries. But they do not care about that other people too much upset and affected. In foreign country smoking become more common trend. But in high standard restaurant smoking is banned strictly in foreign country. Smoking is also polluted our environment. We should prevent our environment from the pollution of smoking. And should work to ban this thing.


Some habits are very dangerous for our life. One of them habit is smoking. It is very dangerous for our lives. It has very harmful effect on us. People who are involved in these habits looks sleepy. Their sorrow can be solved. They thought that by smoking their problem can be solved but they do not know their harmful effect. About 35% population on Pakistan is involved in this bad habit. Smoking in different dangerous effects on humans in different places. Restaurant is a public place. Most of the people in restaurant do smoking that looks very bad. But the new generation is involved in this habit more. They follow smoking as a fashion. They thought it's a fashion. In restaurant smoking has very bad effect. Restaurant is a public place where people of all ages are present. All people are effected by the dangerous effect of smoking especially children are more attracted. They follow elders. When childs their eldres during smoking they thought a good work as it's a joy for them. Childs are attracted by smoking. Smoking also effect the enviorment. Smoking cause many disease like cancer. Poor class as well as rich people all are involved in this bad habit. All of the people know that smoking is dangerous for health and for enviorment but no one take ban of follow rules on this. Smoking should be banned due to its harmful effect but our police officers are also involved in this bad habit. Government should follow laws and give punishment to peoples. Government should banned smoking especially in those places which is a public place. So, not only government also we are involved in taking precaution against smoking.


Smoking is a bad habit. Different people smoke with different types like some people smoke cigarettes, cigaroor, huka. Smoking is injurious to us. As on the pocket of cigarette there is written same wors that smoking is very dangerous for health and it can cure cancer disease. The smoke produce from cigarrrete and ciger also from Huka's can cause. Pollution in air which can also our lungs skin and many other body parts. In Pakistan smoking is increase rapidly. Many people is smoking while sitting in restaurant near the streets or roads. They are smoking outside the house because they do not want to tell their relatives that they smoke. Mostly in Pakistan gents are smoking. Now a days in the small restaurants near the roads there are many types of cigarettes present instead if presence of food or healthy things for health. Children in Pakistan also smoke cigarettes from hiding their parents and in this way they can damage or destroy their internal body parts because the internal body parts of the children are very sensitive and they can immediately by effected by these types of germs. Mostly people are smoking in the restaurant where the aged ant teen agers are also present. Smoking can cause different types of disease like lungs cancer, skin cancer. Smoking also effect the lips. We should be avoid the smoking especially the children should not be smoke because these children are the future of Pakistan and if this generation is destroy then all the country will destroy. So, smoking should be banned not only in restaurant but all over the country.


Now a days smoking becomes very common in our society. It destroyed the future of youngsters. Our society contains young smokers. When people smoke in restaurants it disturb the environment of restaurants because eatable things are also affected through the smoking. It also effects the people those are not smoker. Government should want to banned the smoking in restaurants because Childs are also present their it effect them. It effects the lungs of the person who smokes. it also effect those people who are not a smoker the smoke of smoking reached their lungs and they are more effected through this smoke because it reached them in unfiltered form. so our society fully effected through smoking. Smoking is unacceptable social activity. it destroyed our society. Our society is fully unaccepted for smoking because it effect people. but mostly people in our society are smokers so it becomes a acceptable social activity. people in our society became chain smoker. A group of people sits together and smoke these people are called chain smoker. The question arises why smoking should banned in restaurants and public places. In public places, strength of people is more as to other places when a person smoking it effects the people around him. the number of people effect through smokers in public places. In restaurants eatable things are effected through smoking so it should be banned in restaurants. the restaurants are public places the number of people are gather there, it effects many people and the smog of smoking create suffocation in small restaurants. child are also present in restaurants it harshly effected health of child so it should be strictly banned in restaurants.


In my opinion smoking should be banned in public It has many bad effects on non smokers. It also may cause places. allergic coughing to many people. Many youngsters are fascinated by the act of smoking. Smoking may cause several diseases such as cough asthma. It also destroys lungs. In the restaurants the visitors are facing many problems due to smoking. The smokers create many problems for the non smokers. It has estimated that 400000 people have given up smoking altogether after altogether after restaurant smoking was banned in England in July last year. The lives of many people have saved after this band smoking is band in a restaurant because it is a public place. Here families come with there children. If smoking is not banned in restaurants, children are exposed to smoking. Smoking pollutes the atmosphere around. Banned smoking in a restaurants protects non smoker from heart attack, lung cancer and many other problems. It protects the workers of the restaurants. Many non smokers avoid the restaurants due to lack of fresh air as the smokers are already there to pollute the air. They can enjoy their outing without these smokers. In short due these reason smoking should be banned in restaurants.


Smoking now a days have became a fashion and a status symbol amongst the youngsters. They feel proud to smoke like their elders and try to impress their age fellows. This habit is so much popular amongst then that they smoke every where they like. They don't respect the premises in which they are. They don't think of other people, children, elderly and ladies. The new generation and the smokers they start smoking every where. Most of them smoke in restaurants and eating places. This habit of theirs effect lots of other people as well as their selves. They exhale toxic smoke which makes many of the people sick who are eating in the restaurants. Children suffocate with the smoke; ladies don't feel better and can't eat comfortably. Some people are so allergic to smoke of cigarettes that can't stay there and leave the place. It can affect people suffering from lung and heart diseases. It is morally also inappropriate to smoke in restaurant or eating places. Our religion teaches us not to harm or hurt other people by your actions, so it is our duty to condemn this act. These all thing and facts show us that how much problem and fuss is generated by few people who smoke in public places and restaurants. The government should ban smoking in restaurants.


Smoking is a habit. In which peoples take cigarette, hooka, and its smoke is inhaled in the body. And after some time exhaled from mouth or some time through the nose. And it is very dangerous. We do not imagine its bad effects. It is very very bad habit. It is also against our religion. It cause many health problem in person who smoking. It cause lungs problems and it is difficult to control and person may die. It also cause mouth cancer and it also cause the chest problems. So many peoples are destroy. Its users are elite class people. They also smoking just for fashion. They follow the scene of movies. And some people is addictive of smoking and they do smoking to complete their addiction. Many peoples especially students do smoking just for enjoyment. And some just for nothing. Many smokers are poors. They have no money in their pockets but they do smoking with compulsory. It cause health problem and mental problem. It is also a wastage of money. Through smoking environment is also pollute. It is very dangerous. Many people dislike this habit. If the person smoke one time then it becomes its addictive. It causes very fatal disease. We should away from smoking. If we see the people who smoking then we should advise him to stop this and also tell him about its danger. Government is also play an important role for stopping this bad habit. They should also play some important advertisement for television on television for this.


Smoking is the habit in which the smoker take the smoke inside the body and then pushed outside the body. This process is done with the help of breathing. In this process the main subject are the cigarette, cigar, hooqa etc. cigar is used by the elite class people. Cigarette is used by middle class. Hooqa is basically the source for rural people. About this the people have different views. Some says that it is a good but some are against it. I am against smoking. Generally it is a bad habit. It the cause of many diseases, when smoke enters into lungs it cause lung cancer. If a smoker smoke 20 or 25 cigarette daily he will be affected with lung cancer in only in the time beside of 25 years. The lungs cancer is a fatal disease also. It can cause coughing. It cause the mouth cancer he faces the dislikings of the people. In cigarette smoke nicotine is present which is a addictive drug it damages the brain tissues. The people become its addictive due to many reasons. I had mentioned some reasons that some people smoke due to fashion as they see it in the movies that heroes are smoking. Some people become addict due to their bad company of friends. Some people smoke for just little enjoyment and thus become the part of their life. One of its biggest reasons is tension. It has many adverse affects like wastage of money, damages health. Disliking of people. It is reduced by taking good measures by the governments. By advertisements ban smoking ceminars by NGOs. We have to reduce it.


Drugs addiction is very dangerous habit. It is enough to destroy a nation. In Pakistan this disease has been growing dangerously. It is very alarming situation. The habit of smoking is the most common one. Smokers can be seen everywhere in our country. But there presence in restaurant is very irritating. They disperse the environment of a restaurant. Restaurant is for everyone for families, friends and relatives not only for smokers. When everyone is eating, feasting, and enjoying. The smokers make the environment very unpleasant. A smokers is enemy of his own life and by doing smoking he destroy the lives of other people also. Smoking affects the smoker's lungs and breathing. Mostly intensive smoking result death of the smokers. But smoking is dangerous not only for smokers but also for other. The smoke of smoking is very dangerous for others. When a smokers smoke of smoking, the smoke of smoking is inhaled by others. This inhaled smoke gets into lungs and creates disturbance in the inhaling process. It causes different disease like asthma, black cough, cancer and other diseases. All these diseases in their acute from ends at death of the smoking usually full in the disease of cancer. That's why the other people who don't smoke are much affected than the smokers. So it's necessary to ban the smoking in restaurant. In the restaurant the great strength is of women. And the smoke of smoking is most dangerous for women. It affects women's reproductive system badly. In Weston countries the disease of women reproductive system is very much common due to smoking and also due to inhalation of smoke. The smoke of cigarette is poison for the pregnant women because it dangerous the life of her baby. So, it is necessary to ban the smoking at restaurant.


"Smoking is injorious to health" every one is known this proverb, but most of us not obeying this. This is the fact that the smoke of cigrete is very much dangerous for all human lifes, but no body take care for that. if we want to see the body internal side of a smoker, break the pipe of huqa and see the its condition, the same condition of smoker's lungs. in this modern era most young boys use ciggerate only for fashion, to show to girls. Actually when we inhale the smoke of cigrete we take a lot of NEKOTENE which very much dangerous for human health. some times it destroy the life, most of peoples use it to release the tensions, it is true tensions are released but many other diseases comes in the body which are too much dangerous as tension. All the above discussion is right but when we see the smokers they look like healthy from other normal peoples. And most of people deceive from them. those people ar looking healthy but actually they are not healthy, their internal sides are much dissolves like bones. And they have low determinations. Those peoples have low stamina. Their practical life is not so good. Both health and wealth are destroyed. I remembered a joke, a man was smoking cigrete at airport, a young boy say uncle if you save the money of cigrete, you have the owner of the above plane, man says! So this is your plane?. Boy! No man replied! this is mine! moral: never tried to be over smart:


It is a habit that is use to take the smoke in a body and is fulfil by using smoke, cigar, cigarette, hooqa and many other things. It is a very bad habit. It causes health diseases of may types like lungs and chest cancer, It cause cough mouth cancer in it nicotine is present which is very harmful to the health. It make so many damages to our health. Some people start cigarette in films these are mainly the people of elite class. Some people start smoking looking their fans smoking. Some people start smoking as a fashion. Some people start smoking as a craze. Some people start smoking as a temporary enjoyment. But these become a regular smoker and destroy their health and life. The boys of young age envolved in this habit from their friends. But some people smoke to remove their frustration when they are in tension they start smoking. But there are also some people which smoke just for nothing. Students smoke just for temporary enjoyment but become a permanent smoker. Poor people suffer from a lot of tensions. Because of this tensions they smoke very much. In this way they are more harm and face more diseases. This is very bad for rich people and for poor people.


Smoking is a bad habit which creats its harmful effects not only on smoker make atmosphere so dirty that a non smoker feel uncomfortable out there. Returant is a place where people for some time relax and make themselves fresh but now a days smoking has created very bad effect on restaurant that instead of feeling good people sometime gets irritate in the pollutant atmosphere due to smokers so smoking should be banned everywhere especially at all students. First Government should take steps for solution of this problem and then and then restaurant owner should make their effort and people individiualy should avoid from smoking that is creat many harmful disease like cancer etc. Becauce of the government action restrants can be free from smoking to some extent because when people themselves do not put effort Government cannot do something. Returant should banned smokers there because this is not fear for their buseniss apart from visitors. With the combination of every individual a society is formal. So people should remove this bad habit that is very dangerous for their future and family. Smoking creat pollution and make the environment dirt for other person as well. So smoking should be banned at all resturants.


Smoking is a big curse that converts a health man into thin and fragile one. The habitual of smoking are just looking a hollow man. In mostly cases, they are lazy and intoxicated and can not perform their work with great efficiency. The people belonging to this class are mostly teen agars. Medical researches had proved that smoking causes many diseases in human being. A few of them are lungs, cancer, asthma, buckle cancer and Other breathing diseases Medical research had also shown that a man living in smoky atmosphere, has same effects as a man who is smoking. so, we should avoid from sitting near smokers. As far as restaurant is concerned, it is a gathering place. There is a rush of people. So, smoking at that place can affect all other near by persons. So smoking should be bound in restaurants and all other gathering places. Free use of smoking products should be bound. The smoking of one person at gathering place, irritates all other persons, present at that place to irritate others is morally wrong. We should aware other people to avoid smoking and such a kind of other habits. If our children and younger are award, in this way, the future of our nation will be in secure hands. May Allah bless wisdom to our nation, so that, they will abstain from smoking (Ameen).


Smoking is curse. It is a very bad habit. It averts the person from right to wrong. No one can make its habit by itself but the circumstances around compels that person it is well said a man is known by the company he keeps. Their all our related person which for us in which we one totally helpless at we have no other way rather than to obey. In this world of hustle bustle everyone is searching for his own demands. There is no care of others in this situation some times man is so upset that he fined relief. At this stage he is betrayed by others. Instead of begging in front of Allah he begs other. And as the time passes he has bad habit of smoking. Smoking is just a start with the passage of time he involves in drugs heroens ect. smoking is very dangerous to health. It is carcinogenic it causes cancer it damages lungs it has tar nicotine act. There are very dangerous from scientific point of view. a person who use smoking almost 20 cigarettes for about 20 years will adopt cancer. Now a days smoking is a fashion. Youngsters adopt this as a fashion when some students do smoking other will become inferiority complex that why we are not doing this. People do smoking just to get rid off from their sorrows sufferings and grief's when they are hesitated from this wordy world they feel so happy in their life. Drug addict persons have no care for their children family act. They are just beggars having no moral values. They and their children adopt begging as their job. Smoking must be prohibited specially in public places libraries institutions. Institutions students must be fined so that they become afraid of doing smoking we should make our grounds smoke free zone so that our environment is full of happiness


Smoking is a bad habit. Smoking is very dangerous for health. We should avoid the smoking. A man he is a smoker and envolved many bad habit all society do not like this man. Smoker man is very careless. He does not complete our daily on his time. All the people of society dislike a man who is covered the different bewilder and his see not the other way to send the life he is started the smoking. Now these days many company make many kind of drugs and purched the few money and buy the poor people life. This is not good. Our Pakistani government does not take care law family people and does not give the facility of life. Then facility of life are not provide every people spend the life happy and found the wrong way. Our Pakistani hospital and doctor are very unresponsible. They do not done our work honesty and not care of patients prey of drugs and smoking the little children belong the poor family are not reading the school. They live the garbage and carry the rappers. We know that this little child are the youth of Pakistani in the future. Now the condition of Pakistan his bad government. When man start the smoking before the few month his health is low and he prey is many deceases.


SMOKING should be banded in restaurants/hotels or not? I am totally agreed with this point of view but here the question arises that how can a act of an individual person is harmful for others. Every person is independent and in the whole world there is no law of interfering in one's personal life. But one's INDEPENDENCE ENDS WHERE HIS RIGHT STARTS. It's the responsibility of a person that his act will not harmful for others. everyone knows that smoking is less harmful for smoker or more harmful for the people sitting near him. In hotels or restaurants where people comes for relaxation or enjoyment a smoker creates a bad impact. People dislike him and teenagers attract towards him, the craze of smoking develops in their minds. Smoker disturbs People by smoke while they are eating food or anything else. It also causes serious diseases. So what should we have to do in this situation? In this situation it is a responsibility of hotel management to make smoking rooms or ban smoking in sitting or dinning hall. It's also the responsibility of government to assign security, police or special rangers to stop smoking in public places. It's our responsibility also to warn others to smoking.


It is a caution written on every packet of cigarette by the ministry of health. Almost every person knows how much a cigarette is injurious for health and in a long run how much it is going to effect a smoker physically. Even then almost 30% of world's population is addicted of this bad habit which is a big ratio. Today, when smoking is becoming a status symbol for the college students and teenagers they use to smoke outside in their private parties. On the other hand today parents are very well aware of after effects of this addiction and they restricts their children to do any this type of activity very strictly. As the result of this condition from the parents side youngsters use to go out and smoke in privacy with their friends in restaurants or cafe's where they could not be spotted by their elders, this trend is very common today. It is very famous saying that' nature cannot be changed' and it is also understood that a habit leads to one's nature. That means if today's child do smoke and not stopped will undoubtedly remain with this habit whole his life, at the end conclusion is that smoking of a person is not the problem of an individual but national or global so it should be banned every where outside like hotels and restaurants. In this way we can get rid of this very serious problem.


Now a day's dearness is major problem of the world. Due to this people adopt very bad habit to feel happy and became relax. In the busy routine of life, man has no time for relaxation. Smoking is very common in our society. It is a very bad habit but, not only old persons, youngers also used such things. It is very injurious to health. The main perpous of writing about smoking is to end this bad habit. There are many demar its of smoking. Some of them are diseased under. First of all it destroys not only one person but also the whole company of friends. It has wrose affect on the health. It destroys breathing system. It also destroys our nerve cells. It also destroys our heart activity. It destroy our mental ability. It damages our nervous system, and the whole system of the bdoy. The users of smoking destroy the whole society. The users cannot leave this bad habit easily but they leave bad effect for society. There is a need to end smoking. Due to the high demand of smoking there is also a chance for having caner for smoker. It is a crucial type of disease and uncured able and its last stage is death. So, we should avoid all the people around us who are the users of smoking.


Smoking is highly dangerous. Smoking is a bad habit. The peoples who have this habit they are poor in nature. These peoples have not mental intension in their work. Some peoples start this habit in gathering of friends for enjoyment but they cant understand of draw backs of this thing on that time. but when they realize that thing then some times its late. The peoples mostly have despises like stomach cancer, skin burning, etc. the governments have running the societies for controlling this habit in there countries but it still growing up. It is also so civilian's responsibility to help the government's effort and stop them who smoking badily. Most of peoples impress from the heroes of films and they starts this habit the spend lot of money in this habit. But they have no idea of its draw back. We can stop them by telling them who it is harmful for them. The peoples who can't stop this habit then it is our responsibility to put them in smoking care hospital so that they become like a normal man and they can enjoy their life batter than previous. Smoking not only waste our body but also waste our money and time.


Smoking is an addiction of a person to use such things which made him which is harmful for his health and by using this he loses his some qualities and his mind become unfertile to some extent for some time. Smoking is injurious to the health of users. Smoking not only affects the health of a person who is using it but also affects other person's health to some extent. Because of fatal injurious chemical produce by smoking. The smoke also increases pollution in restaurants because of its uselessness and harmfulness. Restaurant is the public place where people usually come to relax themselves for some time in a pleasant environment and to have lunch or dinner or any other kind of refreshment. When a smoker smoke in such a place it looks unfit there because restaurant are the place where people come to eat better thing for a better life and smoking is a thing which is harmful for health. Moreover in restaurant many type of people come including man, woman, children, young people and youth also. It may happen that they got tempted towards this bad thing. Smoking also pollutes the surrounding atmosphere. The chemical present in smoke when spread in air, reach to other people also so they got affected. The smokers should be banned in restaurants because it gives bad impression on the visitors and the reputation of our country also because of such adverse effect of smoking. At least it should be banned in public places like restaurants.


Smoking, primarily of tobacco, is an activity that is practiced by some 1. 1 billion people, and up to 1/3 of the adult population. Research has generated evidence that secondhand smoke causes the same problems as direct smoking, including lung cancer, cardiovascular disease, and lung ailments such as emphysema, bronchitis, and asthma. Specifically, meta analyses show that lifelong non smokers with partners who smoke in the home have a 20 to 30% greater risk of lung cancer than non smokers who live with non smokers. Non smokers exposed to cigarette smoke in the workplace have an increased lung cancer risk of 16 to 19%. The concept of smoking is largely found in our restaurants which we adopted from western culture; that is so much bad habit; this habit not only damage the smoker's health but also effects those people who are sitting around them. The enemy can defeat the people of a country without firing a shot by making them to fall into drug taking habits. we are also affected by this secret war of westerns by adopting this habit as a fashion in our hotels and restaurants which develops bad habits in our adults. A 2007 Gallup poll found that 54% of Americans favored a complete ban inside of restaurants, 34% favored a ban in all hotel rooms, and 29% favored a ban inside of bars. Another Gallup poll, of over 26, 500 Europeans, conducted in December 2008, found that "a majority of EU citizens support smoke free public places, such as offices, restaurants and bars. As we can see from above that the western country's public are completely in favored to banned smoking from restaurants, as it is our public should also mustly participates in smoking ban activities and mustly co operate with governments to end this bad activity from our restaurants. It is the high time that government of Pakistan arranged a total prohibition of (ban on) taking smoking in our restaurants with the co operation of all countries. At least in this field, there is international agreement.


Smoking is very dangerous for our health. It should be banded at all public places like parks, restaurant and bars etc. In restaurant smoker and non smoking both types are people are came. Non smokers wanted to band it at all public places. They came restaurant with their families, friends and relatives. They want to spend some good time with them, but if the environment of restaurant is smoke than they can not feel good. The smoke which is come out from smoking is very dangerous for smokers and non smokers. Its smoke is very dangerous for our lungs, liver and also for our brain. The smoke which is come out from smoking is full of nicotine which is very dangerous for our lungs. Its damage the lungs and cause the lungs cancer. It also affects our nervous system and destroys them. If some one want to smoke, than they smoke at their homes, but it also very harmful for their Childers. If their children saw them to smoking they also start smoking which is very bad for them. Smokers want that it should not be banded at public places. The reason is that they cannot smoke at their homes in front of their children. The smoke of cigarette is very dangerous for smokers and non smokers. A smoker some time smoking for their pleasure but is very dangerous for other peoples. If it is necessary to smoking at restaurant than there should be some specific place for them where they can easily smoking. If they cannot do so, and smoking between non smokers, it should be very harmful for other peoples. In the smoke environment the non smokers cannot feel good and they cannot spend great time with their families. It also is irritating for the staff members of restaurants. They also cannot feel good in the smoke environment. They also want pleasure environment. So it should be banded at all public places.


In smoking a person is inhale smoke in his body. This smoke effects on his body very badly. Some people smoke just for enjoyment. Students smoke for fashion because they are very impressive to film heroes. For some people smoking is a very important part of their life. Some people like Hooqa, some like cigarettes, some enjoy cigar. Some people are chain smoker. They can not stop smoking in any cost. Some smoke due to their habit. Some smoke to remain in fashion. Some smoke because of depression, stress, for piece of mind and for physical relief. Smoking is a very bad thing. It effect on a person's health badly. On other words it destroys the health. The smoke effects on oral cavities, lungs and chest. The smoking is a major cause of cancer; it causes a lungs and chest cancer. Smoking is a wastage of health and also money. Chain smokers waste money all the day and night. If they get ride of it they can save their money. Smoking is a hobby for some people. They enjoy smoking just for fashion. May be they have some psychological problems. Smoking is a curse for every one but especially for new generation. First of all they enjoy smoking with friends and after that they want to buy it because they can not live without it.


Smoking is a very bad habit. It has a lot of disadvantages. It disturb us mentally and physically both. It leave a great effect in our lungs, As we know that our lungs are source of breathing, so this system is very disturb to smoking. Life is a great gift of God. We should care it and live a peaceful life. But if most of the people smoke and lost Their health's. But nowadays and my point of view i think the new generation are not smoking a lot that he previous people because, the new boys are well educated and they better know that it is very dangers for health it is said that health is wealth. But if someone is take it as a habit he can not leave this with his will, Because in cigarettes, Tobacco use in a lot of quantity and it become The reason of asthma. We can easily aware it about knowing the disadvantages of smoking. It can also be the reason of other diseases like cancer and T. B. We should teach the people that smoking is very dangerous for health. So, we should also be away from it and keep others also away.


As many as forty percent man and eight percent women smoke regularly. Smoking is today to be the biggest dieses. The life of smoker is cut short 10 12 years and more then half of all Smokers die from smoking is a slow killer. Should smoking be banned. It has become fashionable in the world today to condemns smoking so I do not thing it should be banned completely. A further point is that government's thought the world make huge pacifist from taxes of cigarettes. How can we banned smoking. There are several methods to quit smoking. You can go for laser therapies or consume herbal tea. you must take carefully after your quit smoking. If you have any element you must meat to your physician and check if it because of quit smoking. Smoking is banned in public place. For many year governments have tired to reduce smoking. but it not be successful to ban it completely. While there is no doubt smoking is very bad for you some are happy to continue. Smoking is banned in public restaurant. I don't think it should be banned through the legal system. it should be the choice of the restaurant go non smoking but at least a few would still keep on the tables. Some says that better yet the market at the very least there should be a Bann on all tobacco.


Probably each of us has experienced a situation, when we were sitting in a restaurant and someone near started to smoke a cigarette. We became unwillingly second hand smokers. This is happening to me very often and every time I wish smoking would be banned in public places. Restaurant is a place for rest and not gets disturbed physically and mentally. If it got banned we can save ourselves from a number of diseases, can have a reasonable environment which is suitable for families in restaurants. Smoking in restaurants is a disruption to everyone's meal, not just the smokers. The dividers that restaurants owners provide do not keep the smoke from spreading to non smoking areas. Ventilation along with dividers may be a way to solve the smoke problem. A lot of people argue that smokers have their rights and that we live in a democratic country, where everyone can do whatever he wants as far as he does not break the laws. According to these people legalization of a law, which prohibits smoking in public places is against the personal rights of the smokers. After all, they are not violating the rights of the others, because the non smokers can leave whenever they want. But would it not be more reasonable for the smoker to leave when they want to smoke a cigarette? In my opinion it would, because the smoker wants to do something that limits the people around him and not vice versa. It is known that smoking is unhealthy and causes cancer. But not many people try to stop the spreading of it. In conclusion I would say that many smokers gradually give up smoking if they have to overcome complex obstacles each time when they want to light a cigarette. Consequently, banning smoking in public places leads to decrease of smoking generally and especially of young generation. Better health and lower medical cost are the results.


Smoking is bad for human health. It cause bad effect on the lifes of the world. It causes many diseases in man and most of the young generation take part in this situation. Smoking is bad for human because it. Smoking should be banned in restorants is very good for young generation as they eftedted from the Islam. We are the Muslim but we don't know what is Islam what is our religion because other countries are taken action on us that we forget the Islam and our Pakistan. Smoking causes many diseases and not good not reliable for human health. Most of the people are in cancer, Aids, hepatitis and other disease. Most of the liues are dead due to this bad situation. Hospitals are faild with the patient who are the smokers. Smoke attract the person for other Mansiyal like opume, cigrate, nicotine and others. Life should be saved by the rehabilitation and by decreasing the amount of cigrate and media should be play a very model role in this situation. Sharb is very bad and is called Um ul KHBAIS by our Prophet which is meant by all bad tmam buraiyon ki jar.


Smoking is very dangerous habit. People usually use it as a fashion. They don't know about its harmful results. Its affects badly on human health. Human lungs are affected badly by smoking, but the topic under discussion is that it should be band in restaurants. Because restaurants is a public place. And people come for eating and enjoying meal. When anybody smoke in a restaurant it create a bad impact on others mostly people don't like the smell of smoke. Specially during eating it creates trouble. If anybody is indulged in smoking he should try to avoid smoking not only in restaurants but in any kind of public place. The habit smoking is increasing day by day. If is see in past, it was not prominent only the older and aged people use it. But know it has become important part of fashion so the youngsters have made a part of this habit. Youngsters enjoying this habit in restaurants at other public places. The youngsters and other members of society should have this awareness should avoid smoking in restaurants. Some and substance of the above the discussion is that we should avoid smoking not only in restaurants but also in any kind of public places. Because it is not create irritation for others but also very harmful for our health.


In Pakistan the trend of smoking is increases fastly. Different institutes have published the reports about health. In every country everyone have great prejudice againess smoking. Smoking produces an excitement in our nervous system. Particularly a mentally and physically depressed man have desire to smoke. But smoking is effective our mind adversely. The people who are smoking and use drugs are always suffer from cough and cold. Due to smoking our eye sight and digestion are damaged. It weakness our will power and many people becomes heart patient. Againt the smoking media have perform its responsibilities. In our society smoking is very common. Everywhere we seen the people who have smoking mostly of them are chain smokers. Smoking is very common in every street. In returant we almost seen the smokers. Due to smoking in restaurant vulgarity must be produced. In family restaurant the families are irritated due to smoking. Everyone dislike the smoking. Smoking is bad for every human. It damages the lungs. It is harmful for other with the smoker. Cigratte should must be banned in shops and in restaurant it should be banned.


Smoking is a bad habit. I never like the cigarettes and smokers as well. The smoke of the cigarettes causes cancer of lungs along with other disease. Its so dangerous for health as drinking rather according to my point of view it's even more dangerous than a snake because even a snakman know that snake is dangerous but a smoker never thinks that cigarettes is dangerous he/she just love it. We should avoid to sit in the company of the smokers because it's smoke effect the nearby person more than the smoker. The reason is that the smoker inhale the smoke that is filtered while the persons in his/her company inhale un filtered smoke that is more dangerous for health. In Pakistan it is law that cigarettes should not be sold to the persons who are under eighteen but unfortunately it is disobeyed. There is no one monitoring the sale of cigarette even if a policeman see someone smoking who is under eighteen, he never takes any action. Some people adopt this habit in the childhood when they see someone of their elders smoking while some people start smoking when they are young as a fashion or style but after sometime they become chain smokers. Some people start smoking when they are in tension because generally smokers say that cigarette releases the tension. We should aware the people from the drawbacks of smoking. We should not hate smoker but we should hate smoking.


Smoking is very common these drugs. Every country indulges in this problem. Once a man made this habit this is continue and man never is safe from it. Pakistan is also involving one of these countries in which smoking is a part of life. 15% persons in the world used drug addicted which are very dangerous for their health. The smoke of cigarette pass to the lungs through breathing and this smoke is very harmful for body and damage the cells of the body. Now a days smoking is very common. The advertisement of smoking are spread everywhere in which written that smoking is good for health. The situation is very alarming. In restaurant where family members are place together and eat different kinds of thing, meals, burgers etc. and for enjoyment and different activates occurred there. . Some people in the restaurants which used cigarette or drink drugs. The smoke of the cigarettes spread all around him. The people which are sitting near them pass into their lungs through breathing and infect their livers and cause different type of diseases. In cigarettes different kind of chemicals and used. Through smoking which diseases is occurred are following. Liver disease, lungs disease and cancer is very dangerous and harmful disease. Cancer is ubtrearment type of disease which causes death of a person. Through smoking death is increase. Smoking is not only affecting hat person which used smoking but also those persons which are surroundings him. Smoking is not only banned in restaurants but it banned also at everywhere.


In the world many people of many countries and cities addict this bad habit. Many people or young man start smoking very early age and also start to damage their health. They don't care their health money and their parents. Smoking is a bad habit and it is injurious to health and smoking is also responsible many other disease like cancer or hepatitis. When a man who addict smoking he will be always ready to use other drugs like drink wine, chars, afoun, etc. and a person who addict smoking and also spend his money when he smoke in his house many other people his family him and his children sit near his father when he smoke. When they breathe they also carry the smoke with oxygen. It is not good for children and the people when they see other person who smoked they want to taste this and they addicted this bad habit. When smokers come to the restaurant they should know that it is public place and not good for the people who does not addict smoking. All kind of people present in restaurant and they see the people who smoked and also carry this smoke in their body to help the breathing. So, it is not good to smoke in restaurants because it create disturbance for all the people. Many young people addict smoking when they see smokers and damage their thoughts and destroy their health and also cause the tension for their parents and also waste their money and effect many people and tourist who come in the city for travelling and enjoy in restaurants.


In the whole world, smoking is a great problem of pollution. So I think smoking should be banned in public place. Especially in restaurants it should be banned. Because if you imagine that you are sitting in a expensive restaurant and unable to enjoy the meal due to the cloud of smoke coming from a neighbors table. It is very uncomfortable for non smokers and for your family. If your family members include grand father, grand mother, your parents etc. your family inhaling the cloud of cigarette can be very dangerous. It is bad enough that automobiles, processing plants, and other types of industries which pollute our environment. So in all restaurants, non smokers have a right to clean air as they can enjoy their meal. In my opinion smoking should definitely be banned in all restaurants. Because restaurant is a public place. In a restaurant smoking create a bad impact on children. Because in restaurants many children are fascinated by the act of smoking. After seeing that they try to use it, which may later develop into a habit. Smoking is also a great cause of health diseases, both for smokers and non smokers. Because it is filled with tobacco. There is nicotine in its smoke. Also a cause of a number of cancers and heart problems. For example lung cancer, heart attack etc. So a ban on smoking in all public places would greatly decrease the health diseases. Frankly I believe smoking is complete wastage of time and money. Smokers just look stupid. They are criticized and judged daily by strangers just for having a cigarette in their mouth. So I agree with it that smoking should be banned in all restaurants.


It has been proved conclusively by the modern medical research that smoking is injurious to human health. Now a days smoking has become a fashion all over the world. We are all well aware of the problems cause by cigarette smoke and still we see the young and aged people to smoking. Smoking should be completely banned. Not only smoking is dangerous to the smoker health, but it is also bad for the health of those people around them. It causes so many problems. There are thousands of chemicals found in cigarette smoke, some of which are harmful to our body. These harmful chemicals are those which can cause cancers. The different forms of Cancer caused by smoking are very large it cause lunge cancer, tuberculosis and host of other diseases that is why in advance countries smoking is prohibited in all public places. Smoking should be banned in all public places especially in restaurants this is because it brings harmful effects to our health and environment. That there are so many scientific medical reasons that smoking in public should be banned. Not only does smoking hurt the person who is smoking, but recent scientific and medical evidence shows that the dangers associated with second hand smoking are extremely serious and relevant. When you smoke in public, not only affect your health but you are putting everyone around you at risk.


As we know that in Pakistan, every bluffer is smoking. They smoke as other human beings eat. They consider it essential for them. It has a lot of bad effect. As it causes lunges cancer and other type of cancer. The smoker which spread out due to smoking hao a lot of chemicals which affect other human beings. As they also become patient if cancer and skin diseases the most common disease which is caused by smoke. As it cause a lot of diseases and cause air pollution so it should be banned. Due to air pollution, many diseases produce and effect the health of people. So, government shoul take some necessary steps to control it. As it is discussed earlier that smoking should be banned at all places. But it should be strictly banned at restaurants. As that is very healthy place. There should clean and excellent environment. So, every people should take interst that in restaurants, every citizen and non citizen avoid to smoking. For this purpose, media is good source. With the help of media, we can send this massage to each and every people Government should also interest in this. And adminintration of restaurants should also take some necessary steps that smoking should be banned at every place specially at restaurants. As it is enemy of health of people.


Smoking is the most important evil nowadays in world. About 90% boys, men are addicted in this bad evil. Young generation smoke just for a fashion. and then they are addicted and it is not easy to leave this bad habit. Mostly young generation addicted in this bad habit just due to their bad company and bad friends. It is very easy to nip this bad habit otherwise it is very hard to leave. People addicted too much and they become as a chain smokers. It is also a social evil. People do not want sit, talk with that person. It also affects very bad on our health. It destroys our nervous system respiratory system. The people who are smoking get more chances of much disease like cancer, Asthma, inhaling problem and many others. And one other thing is also very important we know very well that Pakistan is suffering under high economic pressure & cultivation of tobacco is not possible in Pakistan so we should import from other countries we pay lot of taxes on that purpose. Our young generation spent lot of money in buying. And waste precious money of their parents. As a whole there is no single benefit of smoking so we should aware of this bad habit.


Smoking is a bad habit. It became fatal. Smoking produces fatal diseases. The people that involve in smoking they show wastage of time. In restaurant smokers are affected on the other people & the people of villages and passenger that come to the restaurant. Some are very simple and innocent they are not able to observe the life and clever people that want to destroy the life of humanity in the world. The simple people entangled in the net of smokers. The smokers first of all give a cigarette to the innocent people by saying that it is better for the pain of the badly and after smoking this you feel betterment. In this way the innocent people become prey of the smokers. To smoking destroy the life of the smokers. Due to smoking smoker's loss the memory, mindlessness and many other fatal diseases. Smoker's loss the memory and therefore they have no respect for elders and loss the mantel abilities. And smokers become unable to make difference between right and wrong and he feel no happy and excitement in the way to life. The lives of smokers become a bad spot on the life that is affected. Therefore we should avoid smoking and should for the avoidance of smoking.


Smoking is a bad habit. First smoking was discovered by Columbus in America. Then this habit flourishes over the world. It Now Smoking can be found in every country of the world. But it is most popular in developing countries. Because in these countries people face many problems. There they start smoking to relief their pains and sorrows. But it becomes a habit of them. Smoking has many disadvantages. Smoking is very dangerous for the health. The people who smoke suffer from cancer and other dangerous disease. The poor people who adopt the habit of smoking become social criminals because those people have no money to fulfill there needs. An extra burden of smoking forced them to use to wrong ways to get money in result they become social criminals. Smoking is also dangerous for life of many people. An addict person smoking on bed may sleep and his cigarette cause fire in his house? It can cause many diseases like cancer. It can make your lungs full of disease. In Islam smoking is strictly forbade. We can not say our prayers after the smoking and we cannot also recite the holy Quran. There we should avoid the smoking and ask others to avoid it.


Smoking is bad habit. The society involve day by day in this habit. A large amount of people involve in this habit. it's become fashion of the day. In our society fifty percent people become smokers. I n big universities and collegesit becomes fashion. In smoking cigrate play an amportent role. People used cigrate as a fashion. People used these things to overcome their tensions. Young boys can more involve in this bad habit. No body knows how we can control smoking? Parent are worried about their children. Most people die due to smoking. It is very dangerous for human health. The advertisement of cigrate on newspsper ca be avoided. Drugs can also be used by people. The smoke polute our atmosphere. It becomes common in our young generation. Nobody knows where it stops. It increase day by day. Due to cigrate the people becomes addict of drugs. People destroy their lives. In restaurant most of people goes so it specially banned. People go to restaurant and they used drug and involve in smoking. The smokers can lose their lives. The smokers can aslo effect the other people. The people who sit near the smokers can also damage the health of people. Gove arrange the seminars and speeches to aware the danger of smoking. The people who used drug can badly treated. It can banned on electric media.


Smoking is a bad disease. It is spread by those people who have lack of education. Today new generation is addict of this disease. The people who have many tension and problems of house and jobs the fall in this habit. Almost all the restaurant and hotels of Pakistan are kept the thing for people, means they wanted to earn more money for their wishes and for their children and house needs. Today this habit is spread fastly in the cities and villages. The big cities people used the smoking as a fashion. Mostly people run for their worries and the understand that the smoking is the solve of their problems and they daring smoking. It is small villages it is not common but in the big countries the smoking is make habit of the people of college students and worry man. The police is also involve in this bad work. The smoke doing person do not think clearly. He has no think of his future. He destroy the feelings of his family. If he wanted to done something for his family he does not do so. Because passing of the time his mind would be manage and he could not work like a healthy man, who has no addict of smoking. Through the smoking the bad disease are spread every where e. g cancer disease, lungs and brain disease, so, he does not think clearly.


Smoking means smoke the tobacco in folding paper called Cigarette. Our society have some rules and regulation to live in it. Smoking is not a good thing for the representation of our personality and for our body function. Life is a great gift of God for us and we destroy it with smoking, Mostly young generation effected by smoking, bad company of friends make them smokers; or mow a days smoking known as a fashion in our society. It make addict to young students of our nation; its not a good habit. It disturb a man mentally and physically both, our lungs fail. due to smoking. Smoking is not only a bad habit but it also effect our national development. When students smoke, they cant participate in curricular and extra curricular activities, and they disturb physically too. and cant pay attention to their studies in this way how our country developed? People don't like the smokers, and smoking because it shows a very bad impact on our personality and when our friends smoke our image become bad and a great quote A man known by his company which he keeps so be aware from smokers because it destroyed our life rapidly. in the sense of some harmful diseases like lungs diseases heart problems and Cancer. our life is not only for us but it also important for our relatives.


Smoking is very harmful for human beings, it is very much dangerous for the lungs, The people who, could continuously use for some kind of smoking, their lungs have complete destroy. Most of people in our society come in restaurants and they are smoking for a long time there. Mostly we can see these kinds of smokers, sitting in the public restaurants like coffee, tea and fast foods restaurants. You can also see the large number of smokers, they comes in such kind of restaurants they must be disturb who peoples, sitting behind them. The peoples couldn't say stop smoking sitting around them, but they must be irritated with the smokers. The manager and staff of these places are disturbing the smokers. But couldn't warn them because smokers are also their customers. The whole environment should be disturb, now these days the trend of sheesha will be rise, and also available in many restaurants. In research of magazine and TV, the one sip of sheesha equals by 3 cigarettes. Sheesha will be causes of through and lungs infections, but we can say very sadly, large numbers of boys are using these bad thing. And some rich families are also using it for enjoyment. Our government should be action, on the smokers who smoking in the restaurant, because only our government is strictly banded on the smokers. Also stuff of restaurants will be try to the decreasing of restaurants sitting smoking, and give tough time those restaurants which available sheesha and other kind of addictions.


Smoking is a bad habit. It is spread like a fire I many countries. Restaurant is a public place but people also smokes in restaurant. It is not good for people. It is very bad for health. People smoked and they know that it is not good for their and others. But they take it. They have fallen in this bad habit. This is not good for people. People feel pleasant they take it daily. But they don't know it cause bad disease in people they take it and the other who sit beside their. I hate those people who smoked. But it is also spread in every home. It effect on human beings very bad. The people who smoked indeed they are looser. They can't face wordly matters. Poor people and the young boys smoked to enjoy but they don't know it is not good for their health. Today they smoking, tomorrow they can also take drugs. Therefore this is not good for their future. It creates very bad diseases in the new generation. Young boy smokes and they feel happy. They feel that they do very good job. They cannot realize it is too bad for us. Government do nothing for this therefore it is spread day by day.


 Smokers never become old, because they die younger This statement must be written in all restaurants. This saying reveals the hazardous effect of smoking. People with low self esteem become more addicted to smoking. It is estimated that every minute seven people die due to the use of tobacco. Tobacco in a cigarette consists of more than four hundred toxic substances and four hundred chemical compounds. Nicotine chemical cholesterol levels in body and carbon monoxide which decrease the amount of oxygen in body. It also causes stroke, heart attack or miscarriage. Smoking also causes the chronic coughing, shortness of breath, premature aging and recurrent inflections. Smoking also caused fatal diseases such as cancer heart disease, respiratory problem, kidney, lungs, liver and pancreas diseases. Moreover, all type of people comes in restaurants. usualy small children cause of these diseases because they are more sensitive. Carcinogen present in tobacco cause cancer of lung, mouth, throat and gullet. Cardiovascular diseases and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease also caused by smoking. Smoking also cause stresses which effect relationship in society. In Islam cleanliness and hygiene is emphasized and it is considered as a part of iman, in Quran, Allah says, And forbid them what is bad surah al araf O ye who believe! Intoxicants and gambling are an abomination of Satan's handiwork. Eschew such abominations that ye may prosper surah al mi'adah Smoking is Haram and unlawful in Islam therefore smoking should be banned in all restaurants and all the other public places. So we should give up this unhealthy and In Islamic activity and should be banned in all restaurants and public places due to these harmful effects which destroy the society as well as nations.


First of all, smoking is very bad habit, so very famous lines for the good health is Wealth. So smoking can very dangerous for health and if health is not good then man can never any work for better way. Smoking should be banned in all restaurant its biggest cause is that they can bad for heath and second is that they can environment dirty. When our environment dirty then many diseases creates so its very danger for all peoples. So in the hotels, restaurant, and all the others clean areas smoking are not allowed so banned on smoking. But in some hotels smoking are very common and whose peoples they can used cigarette very common so they can victim many disease and some times they cause dead. This type of peoples create many problems for our family and these peoples create many bad habit so they purchase our drags type things and they have no money for purchasing these things so they create stolen many things in our houses and others. So smoking is bad thing for all peoples and nowadays, some children are also smoking habit because if one person smoke they can so many others peoples comes towards it. so smoking is not good any one.


Smoking is bad for health specially in public place it is more danger because it danger the health not only for smoker but also who around us. In restaurant this is a public place so many people are there when the smoker smoke the smoke is danger the lungs due to this so many disease are common. The people who are the one who fulfill the needs of this family are in save disease which is due to something they cannot take care of his family. In resturent so many children are also present when they see the peole who are smokers they also want to do this. Because the children have attention in all thing which are not in their rage. The woman children and the other people which are nate smoker but they should effected the health of these. This habit effect all the family not only the single one who are smoker. Restaurant are full of people and other thing which people eat something important a bad effect. Smoking is a bad habit due to this their lives become in danger their health less as whpere to oter which are not smoker. They are not in position that they filfit the restaurant of their family. In restaurant due all people children old people and other the smoking should be banned.


Smoking should be banned at all restaurant Smoking, a dangerous habit which destroyes the lives is like a disese( this disease, if sticks). If someone is the victom of this fatal habit, it becomes impossible for him to get rid off it. it's a stikev. People who are the victom of smoking have no idea of the place for smoking at all. They fulfill their need at home, at restaurant or any refreshment or pienic point. Restaurants that are the best source of refreshment are often used for this purpose. Smoking must be banned at all restaurant. It has reasons behind it. restaurant are the place of enjoyment not the place of such activities. It destroyes the health as well as enjoyment. People who are actually passive smokers and come towards hotel for some relief are disturbed and porturbad. This smoking proves move dangers for them then the active smokers. Fanilies that have children with them face problem. Children are very sensitive. They are suffered by smoking more rapidly then the others. Imitation is also a very important reason. Children in panticule and other people (young people) in general are in the habit of imitation. When they see the smokers smoking, they can adopt this habit. So it is quite batter to ban the restaurant.


Interval, gradual, healthy way of life, change of brand fruit, mouth wash. By smoking we usually mean smoking of tobacco. There are many people who are addicted to the smoking of opium and other intoxicating drugs. People use various kinds of apparatus for tobacco smoking such as hookah, pipes, cigars, cigarettes and cheroots. Tobacco was first brought from America to Europe Early one day in 1492, Columbus's shipmates saw the people of island (now known as Cuba) smoking bundles of rolled leaves. They copied this habit and became smoking. Later on Sir Walter Raleigh introduced tobacco and smoking in Europe. Hookah smoking was known to Eastern Kings. The Physicians used it as a cure for stomach troubles. Now smoking is one of the most popular habits. Even women have caught up this habit. The new issue of no smoking in restaurants is a very controversial topic that people feel is unfair and unconstitutional. People believe it is unconstitutional because it is against the constitution to tell people what they can and cannot do. I agree with this law because with cigarettes particularly, the most harm is done to the non smoker, an innocent bystander. In restaurants these bystanders are usually the employees. Employees that don't smoke don't have the choice to sit in the non smoking section, they must work in the entire restaurant and subject themselves to second hand smoke which is more harmful than actually smoking.


Smoking is not only popular in old ones but also in new generation. In poor countries it exits on a large scale. It is our responsibilities to make an end of it. Smoking is a curse of society. It has become a necessary evil. Most of us are victims of it. Inspite of knowing the fact that it is the sweet poisonous' we consider it companion of life. Every public place is marked with that bad curse. How strange, some times it is offered by management of public transport and hotels etc. smoking is not only popular in the old ages but it is done by new generation as a fashion. Most of youngers considered that it is smoking which gives them mind relief. But they do not know that instead of relief it adds to brain tension. They waste their potentialities on a foolish thing. Smoking in poor countries exist on a large number. There are many reasons for it. First in poor country people are not well educated, they are not aware of its harms. Second, the people of poor countries are frustrated by social affair therefore, with smoking, they try to overcome their worries. But smoking further develops their problems. Smoking in its effects, results into many horrible diseases as far as mouth cancer, TB etc. It is our responsibility to make an end of this wrong culture. For this, we should make people aware of its harms. Government should abrogate all the smoker companies working in the country.


Smoking is a very bad habit. Today in our world very important in our society is of smoking. Due to smoking many bright student dull in their study. Smoking effects in our health. One half people in our country or in the world die due to smoking. A person who is smoking becomes wealky day by day. His health is very bad. If we see in our country every people is smoker. Reaturant in such a place where peoples comes every time. But when the man comes who is smoker. He creates the disterbence in the envoienment. The smell of smoking spread every where in the restaurant. Many peoples who are not smoker they feel unrael. At the end we should control the smoking we should servive the company of bad people. Government should those people who are involves in smoking to get hospitals and treated them and banneded advitizement who attracts the people. The every place where the smoking take placeGovernment should stop it. And the shopes who shell these types of things give the punishment. If we see in our country everywhere every peaceful place. In the university where children is study in the school, college until in the mosque(house of Allah) we should see the smokers. in our country a large amount of peoples are arrest in smoking.


It is commonly said that smoking is injurious for health. But it is a bad luck of our nation that in spite of knowing the dangers of smoking they do not often care for these restrictions and healthcare warnings. We find smokers smoking the cigarettes on roads, markets, restaurants and other public places. Smoking should be banned in restaurants. Firstly, other people also feel disturbance because of smoking in restaurants. The smoke screens of cigarette are untolerateable for some people. The smoke screens are also cause of lung cancer in non smokers because they inhale them through air. Secondly, smoking also mars the charm of environment and people avoid going in such restaurants. It pollutes the environment and makes it a source of illness. We should act quickly to check all such kinds of evils. There should be an end to this bad activity that affects the vision and peace of mind of the people. We need to understand the true dimension of pollution created by smokers in restaurants that is perhaps one of the greatest problems of our country, as much as of the old, plaguing the health and well being of the billions. Smoking needs to be banned in restaurants.


