I am a student of B. S. honours. This is my first year is education subject. My father is a very poor man. He is very hardworking. We are six brothers and sisters. We all are going to learn studies in different classes. I am a big brother all of us. My parents could not bear the income of our schools and colleges. I love my father and my family so much. For Lessing the burden of my father, I am doing part time job in a primary school. Because in this way my expenses are so much and my father can not bear it. I am found of reading; therefore I can not stop it. Due to part time job our parents feel relaxation. My free time does not waste in this way. Due to this our income became increased. I want to became and independent person. We fulfill our needs easily. We learn in this way new abilities, discipline, honesty, bareness, caress etc. On the other hand if it has many advantages but it has also some disadvantages. My study time became disturb. I can not study in proper time. But I am happy for it. God always help me in my studies, and always show's me right way. Amen!


Jobs for students We buy with money ant it is the basic need of man. We do many thing for the sake of money, without the money acquision of everything is impossible. Education is very expensive in our country and we cannot get education without money, therefore a student always busy in the search of good and respectable job. It is essential need of students. A great problem of our country is that the opportunity of jobs is very lags and the working hours are not set according to hardworking and labour. A student, want that type of job, where he spend little time on job and get the handsome income I the return of his work, but it is not possible for him. The employers of every field want more and large work in the return of small income or sallery with labours. We have two way, either the free education for everyone, either to produce good jobs for students according to the expenditures of their education. It is government responsibility to think about this huge and dangerous problem, of government apptoprote large funds for education and for poor students. We can easily take this problem. A student is the future of the nation, if we do not pay attention on this problem, we will lost our future.


A part time job means to work in separate time when we have job in office for fix time but we want to take part time job for work then we get double salary. A part time job can be the need of a person. Then he wants to do extra work in the office then he will join part time job. Part time job can be in this this condition if a person has low salary then he wants to take extra time to get the double salary. A part time job can be for this reason if a person has interesting job or he has a minimum work then he join part time job and for this reason if a person live in other city or village he has sprat time after his original job time then he wants to join the part time jobs. The needy person has requirements of part time job. If he is a single person for his family who has job . Then the part time job is necessary for this person to get double salary. So a part time job has extra time and extra work. A part time job has many benefits for a single person.


Part time jobs are those activities which one performs other than his actual job or work. These jobs provide an opportunity to the people to earn extra income and improve their lifestyle. As for as the students are concerned, part time jobs could be very useful for them. It not only helps then to contribute to their family income but also physically and mentally prepared them for their future jobs. The first day of a student in college is full of excitement and enthusiasm. Gradually as the time pass by he become dull and bored because he has a huge burden of studies on his head as he does not get only time to relax and enjoy. Part time jobs can help them to reorganize themselves and to refresh. As it is famous proverb, All work and no play made jack a dull boy. In a part time job a student meets different people knows more about the social behavior. Then he sometimes gets appreciation and sometime he is scolded by his head officer. It provides him a physical activity and mental refreshes. After doing part time job he gets some time to his college homework. I think that a student can get more appreciation if he secures a position even he does a job alongside it as compared to a student who secures a position by sitting all the day and reading his book.


Part time job is a good thing. It helps to people to get more rupees to run their homes expense. It is not working all the day but it is only working at some selected time in the morning or evening or when you find time. So part time job is extra job other than the orignal job. In this way part time job means second job. It is good thing. Every person should do part time job. It can help to get more money. Women and students are do part time job. This is good for them. But it is some times not very good. It is harmful. It has many bad effect on peoples. For example if a man is do a part time job then he is work from morning to evening till late. So he is tired so much. In this way part time job is not good. He is not give any time to his family and childrens. So when women is doing part time job she is neglect her home and childrens and family. So part time job not good in this way. When student is do part time job he is study lose and weak. In this way he is not get good marks. So part time job is not good for all.


 Part time is a kind of job which students do after taking classes from universities. Partime jobs is basically nowadays the need of the time because prices of every thing is increased day by day and poor parents are not in this state that they cannot afford the study of their individual child this will ultimately the cause the parents stop their children to go with the higher level education. So, part time job is beneficial for the poor students so that they would be able continue their education. Part time job is not only for the sake of earning money but some students take it for the sake of experience so that when they enter in their practical life career they will not feel strange and can perform more well which is really the need of this time. Mostly students teach the school and college students free and serve their nation with out any cost. By doing part time job the students come to know about the social values that does not exist on the pages of their books. Beside the advantages of part time job there are also some disadvantages of part time job that the students cannot give more time to their friends and family and become some time frustrated due to this tough time table. We can say that the part time job students become more passionate and can strive for their nation 'the best'.


Part time jobs are those small jobs which students at college level do along with their studies. The students are bound to do these jobs because they have no other way and their parents are poor so they cannot afford their children dues. The student does jobs in different small places. Their health is affected by doing part time jobs. They cannot study seriously. Their result goes down. With the passage of time when the burden of work increases on them. They become sick due to the work. They cannot take leave for even one day in college the lessons are left and salary is lessoned. So they cannot rest they have to go to college in morning and job in evening and after that they have to study. The students who are only studying have better results than the students with jobs. The government is doing nothing for these students and N G O or any other institution is working on this project. Government should collect funds for these students who are facing many problems in society. The youth is damage and is in danger. If they cannot seriously study obviously they will not have better jobs in future and cannot participate in the development of their country. In Pakistan a country, which is underdevelopment this country is facing many problems and students are facing this type of problems due to poverty. We should also do something for it.


First attention of any students should be to pay head on their studies. So that he can get better position in this society. While there are some financial problems due to which students are compelled to earn for their expenses.in this way they can neither study not work. As parents are responsible for their study expenses. They should equip them with the problems of life. It is the responsibility of parents to provide their children with every facilities of life, which they require at that age. But in our society due to financial pressure, they are compelled to do jobs. As a result they fail and cannot shoe better result in their studies. Some of these students are very talented students. If they are provided with every facility necessary for them at that age, they can made a high in this society for them. But if any student belong to that family which are very poor, they can do work. These are some students which do not feel their job burden on them because they want to share the responsibility of their parents. Poverty is the main reason in the society due to which part time jobs are done by college students. No doubt, due to jobs, their attention is divided and they cannot perform properly in their work but they can maintain their position in their class. Some of students do jobs because they want to live independently. Some students do their jobs for their taste. So, part time jobs for college student is not too much essential, however there is no fault to done it.


Part time job is very important today for fulfill the requirements. it's also good for the practical life, they get information how to deal the markets, how to work in markets, they get experiences under the senior experience persons and they will achieved the respect in the markets in student life. This also good for student to get information. one hand it have the benefit like experience, money and more respect on the other hand it has some problems that effect on the study. If student has the late night part time job then it effect on the health and also the study. They can not concentrate fully on their study but some time situation is too much critical and the on who want to study, setup his life but his condition no allowed him so that he going to start part time job. There is many examples in front of our eyes the student who want to study in high levels of colleges and high level of universities their situation forced them to do part time job and even some time if one part time job money not fulfill the requirement so they do two jobs at a time. One after the college or classes and other one the late night job with the advancement of technology where one hand technology give relax and advancement on the other hand these advancement is too much costly.


It is said that students make future of a nation. Students are pillars of a good future of nation. If they work hard and have sense of responsibility they can take their nation to stars. But if students themselves they not only destroy their lives but of their family and nation as well. Question rises how students fail? Many reasons are put forward regarding this but the actual problem that destroys both student and their families is time killing. Time which is considered to be the most precious of all can take man to high wastage it can destroy man. How students kill time is a fusion of keen interest. Mostly, if we know the reasons we can obviously suggest some remedies. Part time jobs can not only provide a way to keep students engage but it is also a way by which students have a sense of responsibility. If students do part time jobthey can not only help their parents but can also save their time. It would be a great benefit for them. In most of the countries a great emphasis is paid on the task of the keeping students engage and part time jobs are one mod of it. These part time jobs can make students useful foe society. It makes them individual who participate to take the nation prosperous ways.


Part time job for student is not good. Because due to their health, study also effective. They do not take part in their study more bitterly. In Pakistan the prices of everything is very high. Poverty is very common in Pakistan. Part time job for college student, it's main and major region is poverty. The student those job, they do not take free time to their studies which effect because in the morning they go to college and then and the evening they go for job. They work whole day due to this they tired after tiredness they cannot show their hidden abilities. It is hurdle between development of Pakistan therefore Government should take some steps for this. Make some funds this. Make some funds for them that they can acidly bear the burden of their studies. There is another trend in Pakistan that teacher at the session for taken test; they got some money from student due to which poor talented student cannot take test due to their poverty. In Government school and college the teachers do not take their period regularly here, there is no discipline in those college and school to get their better future. They go to private school but their fee are high even mediocre cannot pay the fee. Therefore Government school and universities with discipline.


Part time jobs are important part of human life. Student of Pakistan need this. While study we also get knowledge of social life for our practical life. With part time job we deal with people of different view of mind meet and share our knowledge. part time job is also helpful for poor people. These people have a lot of burden of poverty and they belong to a middle class. part time job is very helpful for these poor people, student of university also apply for part time job because in Pakistan the education is very costly. , education is very costly. part time job is helpful for those whose family does not support and they disappointed. Part time job activate the people in their work. These people don't waste time so they also remain healthy. in the part time job people remain busy in their work so they build their nation attitude and build a strong country. our leader Quid e Azam said do do and do their work so that you are not so much time to criticise other while doing part time job you may help others people with money, do their work and help them. to some extent part time job has some losses. With so much work you may suffer in fever. Often people do part time job to earn money for their family. In Pakistan over all people remaining free and do nothing instead of criticise other so i say part time job is very necessary part of life.


Part time job help us to solve our May problems. If any person has short income his income through part time job. Different people have their own arguments about part time job for college students. Some people agree with this statement that part time job is necessary for college students but some people do not agree. There are many reasons behind their arguments. People who think part time job is better foe college students have different arguments. They think that student should prepared for their practical life by doing part time job. In this way, they will be practiced. Second, some parents of students cannot afford expenditures of their studies so student should do part time job for expenditures. Third, students will not feel fixation in their life and they can spend their time in good activity. Fourth, by part time job, students can have their spare time in doing something. Some people do not agree that student should do jobs during studies. There are also many reasons behind this. First, students will not be devoted with their studies by doing jobs. Second, students will feel burden of job and studies and in this way, they will not be able to proper time both of these. Third, students who do jobs do not feel satisfaction, in this way, they could not study properly. Government should give facilities to every student. Students should be free from every problem because they are they fortune of our country.


In those days when all the thing are very expensive. No other way to take job. College students whose parents cannot afford her studies then these student do part time job they have other way to earn money then in first time they go to college and then in second time they do job. This job have some effect that they earn money but their attention to study is decreasing. Then in her student life and as a worker are mixing and this is difficult for the college student to maintain both her study is affected due to this job. Student are in her youth that if they dreedy then they do not give attention to her study. This is the reason that part time job is bad they not only effect these two things but also health. In other way part time job is good more and more student are coming in this way and country is progress. If in the start they work hard and hard and one day they trained and do her job best. If the student manage this part time job then they help her parents in her duty. These student become the proud of her country. These student are already proud of her parents. But for these students Govt. have duty to give good job.


Part time jobs are mainly observed in western countries although in Pakistan a few percentage of people are found. Part time jobs differs in situation wise. Mainly it is done by poor students who could not afford their academics expenses. part time jobs are performed in different forms i. e by working as a sales man, waiter, cashier or even having tuitions. Such kind of activity although is a source of assistant for their financial crisis but has a negative role regarding their studies, daily routines and even for their health situation. His main focus will be towards his income not paying too much heed towards his studies and health. It has few positive aspects also. It creates a sense of responsibility, a way of support to their finance. If part time job is done in their own field of subject then it will be an extra and practical help to their studies. If some one has the capability to manage his daily routine even doing part time job then its better to do a part time job then remaining free and he secures himself from bad company. The preference depends upon the individual himself. If he wants to do a part time job, he may get some time, otherwise he may want to spend this time with his family or friends.


In this universe some people are poor and some people are rich. Poor people have limited income and they are even some time not able to educate their children. Some poor people through thick or thin educate their children to do jobs and improve their living. Children who are studying and they are poor and they have to pay their fee so, they have to do job. So, I am totally in faviour of part time jobs for college students. Students doing part time jobs set their time table and they manage their time and study also. People doing part time jobs have good results but some cannot manage time so, their education is affected. There are some people who are fond of study and are poor so, they study also with job. So, in this case part time jobs are good for poor children. Government should give funds to these poor children to help them, improve their living and continue their education. Children should be passionate so they can manage both education and job. Education is very important for people so they must get education though they are poor by doing part time job.


Several people do several jobs for their social and domestic needs. Some people do two or more jobs for their daily needs. Some people take overtime for their jobs due to increasing inflation day by day. Time is moving very fastly, there is a race between people of getting more and more wealth and honour. So they adopt different ways of getting them. The person who can not bear expenditure, moving towards part time job. Student living in hostel are commonly moved towards these type of jobs to get through their needs. Execess of Govt worker do part time jobs, because they have enough time for this. It is some ting need based. People do it in their necessity. When they need money. It requires their over time and extra labor. Part time job has many kinds like online job, tuition, coaching center etc. Students usually do tuitions or online jobs. Home tuitions are a good source of income for students. They teach there for 1 or 2 hours and earn handsome amount which is helpful for their expenditure. Govt. worker do other jobs like part time clerk. They earn some more money for their home. Part time job is a good thing to do.


Part time job is very important for the students. The students can carry their expensive. Those students they are very poor. They study in the morning and work in the evening so they complete their houses expensive, so they do not burden on their parents. Some students teach the school going childrens. They may work in the markets some poor students also work in auto workshops and bear expensive. Keeping in mind the importance of part time job it enhance student abilities and polish their skills. it will also helpful in increasing their confidence as well. They can understand the difficulties of life they can understand the problems and support their family members as well. They can also help other needy students. There are also some disadvantages of part time job the student some time unable to spend their time with their family members. Tome time the student might may frustrate with this toughness of life. The student might not give proper time to their studies. In conclusion, I want to say that part time job is necessary for the student because in this way they can serve their nation and also manage their expensive educational system and daily life.


Usually there is two types of jobs. One is main job that is All time job and the other is part time which is done in extra time. Part time job is a short period job. Some people do part time job in Morning and some do in the evening and some do at night. Some do this job due to extra time and wants to keep them busy. The prices of every things is sky high people do this job to low the burden of expenses this job helps the needy people. This is usually done by the students in foreign country to afford the expenses. In morning student went to colleges and at night they went for part time job. This gives benefits to the students. Some of the student do this job because their family background is not strong to bear their expenses. And they do this job for their self support. So in this way part time job is very necessary for them. Usually this job is done by common man as a source of extra income. Part time job is also done by students to bear their study expenses and also to support their family. Woman also do this part time job as a source of income or have extra time.


Part time job means the job which is not the actual or full time job. But it is only for a limited or short period of time, so this is the job which is more than the normal job. This is for limited time and it is different from place to place. For example there may be some part time job in some hotel or some restaurant or there may be some part time job on a general store or some medical store or it can be some show room etc etc. Part time jobs do not tough jobs. They are often short time jobs and there is very little repsonsiblity in such jobs. These jobs are more better for the students or private job doing people. . The part time job is like by the people very much. It has many benefits. It is not the actual or original job but rather it is other than that. In this way it is the extra source of income. Part time job is help full for the families to get extra money or extra income. As this is the age of science and technology, so every body is busy in getting benefits and luxuries of life. So every one needs extra money to fullfill the requirements of the daily life.


People do part time job to earn money to fulfill their expensive and for enjoyment just. Those people who faced many difficulties them they do part time job. They do part time job due to some problems that having no sufficient money for their every needs. In the morning they study and go to any institution and they do job. Some poor parents did not fulfill the needs of their children and not able to fulfill their expensive for higher education. Then the students who want to higher education they make a time table and set him for a part time job. But there are some disadvantages of part time job. When a person is doing a part time job, he does not any time to relax and he tried badly. He tried physically and mentally as doing work all the day. It damages the ability of human mind to think well. Part time job can badly effect on a person mentally and physically both side. I think the person who works for the whole day, then automatically he has no time to spend in the beauty of nature. He does not spend his sometime to see the beauty of the world and beauty of the nature. Part time job has some advantage other than disadvantage.


There are two types of jobs one a full time job and a part time job. A man who is doing full time job do his duty all the day. But a man who is doing part time job do his duty for some time. A part time worker can do his job in morning and he can also do it in the evening. But some people do it at night. In this world every thing is costly. Most of the part time jobs are in foreign coutnires. The people of foreing countries do more part time jobs as compared to us because in foreign country their is tadency of part time jobs. Peoples do this job at pizza huts, hotels and offices. But a man who do work all the day and then do part time job disturb his social life he can not give his time to his family and can not make tours to friends and do not make recreational trips. He became a machine and this casues a mental problem. A women that is doing part time job can not give time to his childrens and husbands. They can not give time to their home. Students do it to meat his needs for study purpose but can not gave time to study and this makes his future loss.


Part time job is necessary for all students. Because they spend their time in a positive and meaningful way. They come to know about the realities of life and step down in a practical life. Students come to know about the facts of life is not a bed of Voss. They prepare themselves to face all the ups and down of the life. By doing part time job students also help their parents by sharing in the income of the family and share their Burdon off dues spend on their education its famous and saying that something is better than nothing. If they do part time job this develops the sense of responsibility in themselves. They become responsibility in all matters of life. They become realistic and not involve themselves in negative activities. it also in hence the inner abilities of students. It polishes them by doing job. It also gives confidence and makes them strong. it makes consistent in their working and do every thing with determination and always struggle for achieving their goals of life. it teaches them how to survive in a tough time of life. So part time job beneficial for students. it nourishes the other skills of students. It glooms the personality. They can understand every thing and they can help the miserable people. They do work with intectuallity. They become more sensible then the other pupils and observe the things with more precisely.


Part time job is the work done in extra time to earn some money. Part time jobs are good for college students as it help them to as it them to pay their fee and allow their parents to relax. If also given students confidence, make him self drive, it help him to know the world, its goodness and its badness, they also give him experience. Part time job makes a person or a student self service. Mostly people of Pakistan are very poor they cannot afford the fee of higher institutions so that their children can study i. e, take a example of G. I. K university Islamabad. It fee per smester is 1 lac and that of Nust, Fast, K. E, Lahore college, G. c etc has not less them 70, 000 Rs/ . So imagine if a child of a poor person study in these institutions what is their condition behind? How can they survive? What can they do? What can they spend on the study of other children? But imagning these we come to know that a student living in these adverse condition has no opportunity instead of part time jobs. Part time job has also some negative effect on the health of a student, on his study. It make him sick of every other thing. So, it is duty of a government to provide opportunity to these students. The help of government make these students free of tension and allow them to study hard with concentration.


Part time jobs are the jobs which we do during our studies and in our spare time. the most big benefit of doing part time job is that we make our selves independent rather than becoming Burden for others. I e if a student use to go to colleges or school for studying in day time he can continue his part tome job at evening time and can pay his expenses himself instead of volleying on others or parents. in the European countries it is compulsory to do part time job while studding. no body stays at home for the rest every one use to work more and more and it is one of the basic thing that they are progressing very fast. Man can change his fate by his work it causes the sense of responsibility in every individual and a responsible person and a responsible nation cannot be down in any way. they just fly higher and higher while doing part time jobs the brain of one become more and more sharp and practical. in our country the concept of part time jobs is very less students just concentrate on study and do not even think to work which is high of laziness and in responsibility. Many persons do not study because of poverty but it they do part time jobs they fulfill their expenses their selves. in our country universities are situated in urban areas but when the poor people move to universities for studding their pocket money becomes enough as there expenses increases so they start part time jobs. Our Govt. should take steps to increase the ratio of doing part time jobs. I am sorry to say that some people are doing part time jobs by stooling the thing of others and by doing criminal acts. For easy living in this expensive era.


Part time job means the thing you do in addition to your daily work. There are many senses of this phrase. If a student works in hotel or anywhere in addition to his studies, he is doing part time job. A man doing job in a factory, he exerts extra hours in factory or do work at other place after completion of job, he is doing part time job. The flood of Inflation has affected everyone. A poor man can't support to his whole family with single income. He has only two options, either he do part time job or become happy what he earns in his normal job. Part time job has the advantage that the worker can earn a little bit extra what he earn in his normal job. Some time, the part time job becomes more beneficial for him. A student, who is living in a hostel and can't bear the expenses of hostel, will prefer to do part time job. He may teach in a academy or home tution. It will be beneficial for him to earn money. It has also some disadvantages; the worker feels tired form continuous work. He can't pay attention at his original work.


First of all I would like to explain the definition of part time job. The part time job is such type of work or job which we perform in a spare time. There are several advantages and disadvantages of the part time job. First I would like to explain the advantages of part time job. The part time job is very important for best spending time that time in which we go to bad companies and that time which we destroy in devilish ways, through performing such work we can secure him self from these wrong ways. And the second advantage is that in this case we are earning money and we are aware of the importance of money to use in a good way instead of adopting bad ways of spending money. And the third way is that the part job holder can face the whole problem of life before to happen such sort of circumstance. Part time job holder also can take the burden of his spending from his family. The final advantage of part time job is that the part time job holder feels independence, he is not dependent upon his family we can also give name self employed person. And the demerits of the part time job is during the taking part time job there is a wastage of the time and even then if a student do the part time job he can not concentrate on his study. In this way the part time job creates a bad impact on our society.


College life is a very critical period of life in the life of a student. Because the studies becomes somewhat more hard with the start of college life. The routine of students becomes tough due to the burden of studies, because the syllabus increases as well as becomes tough. So, studies need a lot of time. Therefore at this stage part time jobs are not essential for students. But the students which have to face financial crises should support their parents, if they have abilities and they can manage. But if the students could not manage they think that they are not doing their best in the studies. They should not do part time jobs. Because the only thing that parents demand is the best performance of their child in studies. So, we should prefer studies more than anything. The extraordinary students, if they can manage should help their parent in the financial matters. But if they think that their studies are being effected, they do not do this. Whole of the future of the student is based on his performance in studies. There are a lot of reasons due to which students do the part time job i e for the support of their parents. Some people do part time jobs to keep themselves busy independent. inshort the matter of doing part time jobs depend upon the abilities of student.


Part time job means earning at the free time. With the passage of the time the value of the study is increased and most of countries meet the price crisis. Most of the students do job at their free time to fulfill the needs of their expenditures whose parents cannot afford. Students, who are interested in learning and belong to poor family, do part time job to fulfill his need. Most of the countries are underdevelopment and Pakistan is such a country most of the population of Pakistan is poor they cannot afford the expenditure of the study of their children. But they have great fond that they taught their children. Anyhow, Part time job is benefit or not be. It is not benefit because it has a great effect on study. The attention of the students toward the job his attention is fully divided. He gives very short time to study. Due to it his progression in study is weaker day by day. . He remains busy whole day and does not give much time to his family. It is benefit in that respect due to the part time job students knows the importance of earning and they expend money accurately at right time. The experience of the students is enhanced by the job they well aware the social values. If a student do job by teaching the other students its knowledge and experience is increased and he is able to meet the requirement of his life. Through part time job he was able to serve country and nation and he become more patience. He spends his life as a person of well experienced. Thus, part time job is necessary for all the students.


Part time jobs means the jobs after regular work. Extra work for earning money is a sort of part time job. Part time job for college student are not essential. College life is an essential part of one's life. Because from there the carrier of any person based. If students take good marks in intermediate lesses then they will get their proper place for their acedmic life. But if students take interest in other aspect and does not take keen interest in their studies they will not succeed and as a result their life will destroy. If students do part time job after their college time. Not only their studies are disturbed but they are mentally upset and mentally they will not be disturbed. They do not take interest in their studies and also not easily do their jobs. Part time jobs are not essential for college students. Instead of doing part time job to keep them buzy they read some extra books. Some students do part time jobs due to poverty but it is not major problem for students. It is responsibility of their parents to solve problem of their children. So that students do not do part time job.


While high school and the years before were fairly smooth for many young teenagers, the college life can be quite the transition. Many college students attend private and public institutions and have to foot the bill. While financial aide and student loans help cover some of the costs, a vast majority of college students are taking on part time jobs to help offset the costs of university life. With the cost of education on the rise, more students are feeling the need to try to achieve some sort of financial independence. Although a part time job can be discouraging at times, the experience of work can more than make up for it. Every year the cost of education is on the rise. Unless the universities work to lower their tuition rates, students and their families are finding themselves in a bind. In most cases, financial aide and scholarships are offered on a need and/ or merit basis. Unfortunately, a vast majority of college students do not necessarily fall into those categories. Although the idea of acquiring a part time job may be discouraging to some students, it does have its advantages. For many students, college is their first experience living away from home. In most cases, students have had the protective watch of their parents or have taken minor jobs at their parents' insistence. Once in college, the student is more independent. Allowed to fulfill almost every desire, the student must work to stay on track and be successful. For many students, this is the first taste of financial independence. Granted, some students receive a steady flow of money from their parents, a majority of the others have to budget their expenses and take on a part time job to supplement their income. It is a fact of college life. For the most part, acquiring a job is not something most people look forward to. Unfortunately, it is a necessary fact for many college students. However, with independence come stipulations and responsibilities.


Yes, part time job is necessary for college students job play on important role in the life of students. One common mistake that many students have made is this, they have thought that it would be a very good thing if everybody had exactly the same amount of money no matter whether they work hard or lived quite idly. Through part time job they can analyse their inner capabilities. They can recognize themselves. In the present age part time job is necessary for students. They don't ever imagine that there is any thing to be ashamed of or anything undignified, to grumble about in having to work hard for their living. It when they start work they can go into a job that suit them so that they can really enjoy the work themselves. But if work is not exactly the kind that they would choose they must try to remember that they are helping to produce the things that other people need. Part time job has many effects on students. Job produce the perception of responsibility in students. Job produce self confidence in the students. Part time job creates a competition between students and they struggle more for their future. Sometime it has negative effects. Students fail to pay attention on their study. they give more importance to job than study. Some students think that they are doing work and this is enough for them due to this they leave their study. Conclusion is that part time job is necessary for college students and students must try it.


Part time job is very common in daily listening. due to increasing economic pressure the income of a single middle class person can not fulfill the needs. the part time job is a job that is to be done by a middle class person to fulfill the needs of his or her family. there are many reasons for part time job we are living in such a society where is a lot of expenses. Sometime the income single job could not meet the expenses of only food home and cloth. In our society there are a number of families where there is only a single person that has to bear the expenses of whole family. There are a large number of family members. So one has to do part time job. Our increasing expenses due to following the fashion able society also cause to do part time job. The part time job is not very easy to do. One has to do extra work that is very difficult. One often tiered one cannot give time to his personals. Mostly there are part time jobs at night. These jobs disturb the sleep and cause philological problem. Part time job during studies is very common to day due to lack of pocket money for students. It is very difficult students cannot give proper time to their studies. in this way the brilliant students also cannot study with efficiency. This is the major problem that intends to do part time job. We should have to take the steps against such unimportant expenses it reduce the economic burden. Part time job is also not such a bad thing. Some time it is very important if we cannot fulfill our needs any way. Some needs are very important for living. In this way part time job is very necessary.


Part time jobs are those which are done with some other job. These are done due to many reasons, 1) For the income 2) For supporting family 3) To carry on their studies and may be done for many other reasons too. But most of students also enjoy and like to do part time jobs. Mainly the job of student is only to study and study. Bur due to some important reasons, like some students do not have money to fulfill his dues. He may do the job to support his family. He may do this for carrying himself and anyone of his family who is suffering from serious disease and they do not have enough money to give fee of doctors. This may result in bad and good aspect but i think so bad results are dominated on the good results. Students who do part time jobs do not get enough time to studying acquire good grades. They are spoiling their time but there must be any strong reason behind why is doing that job. They should avoid jobs if they are doing pas for having from and must study. If they need it and have strong reason to do so then they should do it and must save some time to study. These students are strong and study and they support their family but this may leave bad effect on their study and health. Some of them may become victim inferiority complex. They may spoil their life because working part time job may drag them very from education and such a student may forget the reason and need education in life and society. As a result he would have no future less than doing small jobs and working hard but getting little income, but its bitter reality that Government is not supporting them and students have to face the bitter realities before the time.


Part time job means work in second shift after working hours, in forgion countries every person do part time job for their economical expenses. Now a days every country face financial crises, in this way they cannot fulfill their desire in limited income. So, they have to do part time job to fulfill their desires in best way. Mostly hard work students who belong to poor families and their parents cannot afford their study expenses so the students work after study time for their expenditures. Part time job facilitate many families because now a days our expenditure are more then our income. So to fulfill our desire part time job is a great opportunity for no and many of us. Foregion countries prefer part time job more then no and it is very helpful for our economic development. If every family financially strong then our country well automatically strong. Part time job have some little disadvantages too. When students do part time job after study time, they have no time to study in extra time or they can't pay attention to their studies. If they earn money in this way they fail in examination and have no future. Students are our young generation work because in this stage of our life when our expenditure more than our income, one man earn is not enough for whole family that's Why people do part time job and have a happy life.


Part time job is something which we do when we are in dire need. A job which a person does in his extra time. It can be a tuition centre job or a call centre job or online jobs etc. Part time job become a trend in present age. mostly students attract toward it. Some people take it as a fun, some in order to get experience, some as a time pass and some in order to fulfill their needs and to support his family financially. Most of students belong to poor families and they are not able to fulfill their study expenses so they join part time job to fulfill their needs. Some students take it as a hobby they know about the value of time and instead of wasting their time, they join some job to get experience. Some people take it as a fun like online jobs. It helps people to fulfill their needs. Part time job enhances the professional attitude of a person. It also increases the working ability of a person. It enhances working capacity and improves attituce But some time students involved themselves that much in this job and leave the studies that is not good. If it is taken in positive way it is very helpful.


My topic is that part time job is necessary for college students. First of all I want to say here is that to do job is necessary for every person to exist in this social network. As we have to be a social person. And by this job we make money, so when we have a decent amount of money; we can exist and survive in this world more easily. But according to this topic, in which it is said part time jobs are necessary for students. Ok, now see just when we hear the word part time we become uneasy because this demands more energy from our side which just irritates the student. It is more painful for a student because in the day time they have to do study and if after that they will do job then it will be too much and their routine will also be disturbed. But some poor students who are facing some financial problems, they have to do part time jobs to survive in this cruel society. As we know that this is the age of NAFSA NAFI, no one thinks about even his real brother, no one help you when you will be in any kind of problem, we are to help ourselves. In other word I can say that this society doesn't allow a poor person to live freely. The only person is honored in this world who is rich in wealth, it doesn't see weather he is rich in knowledge or not. In the end I want to say that jobs are necessary but not for students because if they do so, they can't concentrate on their studies which will result in the bad future of the students and my beloved country Pakistan.


A part time job is a form of employment. There are many reasons for working part time, including the desire to do so. Part time" can also be used in reference to a student usually in higher education who takes only a few courses. Every year the cost of education is on the rise Unless the universities work to lower their tuition rates, students and their families are finding themselves in a bind. In most cases, financial aide and scholarships are offered on a need. Unfortunately a vast majority of college students do not necessarily fall into those categories. Although the idea of part time job may be discouraging to some students it does have its advantages There are many benefits towards working part time during the school year. Children are able to develop a sense of independence and responsibility which is difficult to develop without activities outside of school. For many students, college is their first experience living away from home. In most cases, students have had the protective watch of their parents or have taken minor jobs at their parents' insistence. Once in college, the student is more independent. Some students receive a steady flow of money from their parents, a majority of the others have to budget their expenses and take on a part time job to supplement their income. It is a fact of college life. Even if the job is strictly for shopping purposes, it is a dose of independence.


Progress of a person, progress of a country always depend on hard work. Our country is a developing country and it is no doubt a very old country. This country in no less then only one in talent. Many of talented students are belong from a very poor family they have to support their family so they did not get chance to shoe their talent. They are doing part time jobs and they did not get chance to study. If the get they give phenenon results. For these student Government should fix some amount of scholarships so they can study with all concentration. Some of student did this with their will. Some of them did this as a social works. They did jobs in recue centers. But in doing all thes they cannot able to give full concentration on studies as a result they got bad remarks. One should know that the students are the shoulder of nation pillais of nation. If they are weak all the building falls. So, first piortiy of student is always study. For this Government have to take steps make students comfortable to studies so they can study with full heart will no worries and can build a nation. Which is very necessary for the developing countries like Pakistan.


As for as the topic concern there are two major things to be noted job or students and here the factor society is also important. In general part time job is good for students they got confidence, knowledge, experience. They learn how to deal with people or how to contribute in society. As in foreign countries students should have few hours job and it is part of their studies. It makes them more practical but is all these things effect their studies or not? In foreign countries students are without burden. In our society study is very tough its burden more then knowledge. Majority of students belongs to middle class society they cannot afford their fee or other eXPENCES. they are responsible for their families and after completion of their studies they are unable to find good jobs, because in our society there is a demand of experience more than talent. When there is no appreciation of their talent, no jobs, no place, continuously failure its leads for suicide commitment, robbery, addiction or such immoral activities. Its responsibility of government to assign scholarship for students or provides them good jobs. Any how, I am strongly insist that student should do part time jobs not only for themselves but also for the betterment of society.


It is very important for the college students to have a part time job. Because some students belong to the very poor family and they can not pay their education expenses. because in this modern age education and high education expenses is increase every year it is not possible for the poor family students they get the education. Some student are only one to support family. There have a lot of the burden on them and on the other hand the vocational and technical education are very important in this modern age. Every family and his member wanted to get their children the vocational and professional education and after the education they will support their family. Therefore the educational institutions have provide the opportunity to their students who live their hostel and other students who get the education in their institution. They have the part time job and support their family. It is beneficial for student also he became practical in life and come to know the world in practical way. As some students prefer teaching as their part time job it enhances their own knowledge all thing they were taught in small classes by teaching that may be recalled again.


People should do jobs or work hard for the country. Students are the shoulders of country. The progress of country depends upon the students. If students work hard the progress of the country increases and country would announced in better words in the country. The people who cannot fulfill their requirements they do jobs for their fulfill of requirements. The people of lower class which are unable to fulfill their requirement do jobs. Students which are doing part time jobs is better in one way and also have bad effects on their studies. Students which are doing part time jobs, they are helping their parents. Some students which are doing part time jobs they paid their fees of colleges. Some students due to fulfill their desires are doing this. While some students due to their own interest are doing. There are very harmful effect on their studies. Result of those students which are doing part time jobs are not better than those which are not doing these jobs. Due to part time jobs their time is wasted. As their time is wasted so their result are not better and they are not good in their studies then those who don't do jobs. Part time jobs have both advantages or disadvantages. Advantages are that by this they can fulfill their requirement but disadvantage is that their time is wasted.


Part time job for college students is not good because if they do job then then they cannot manage their studies. But some students also manage their studies while doing job. In Pakistan there is unemployment as Pakistan is 6th number in the world in the unemployment. The students in Pakistan are doing part time jobs due to the poverty. Because in Pakistan there are many poor people which cannot manage their budget in their salary and as the fees of colleges, universities and schools are so much that they cannot afford them in their budget. If the students do not do job then they cannot pay their college fees. They are very needy to do jobs. They students which can do part time jobs can be destroy their health because at morning time they went to college and after college time then they go to their jobs and they will not concentrate on their studies and as a result they fail in their exams. Some students also part time job because in their houses there is no one present who will do job and get money for their family members. And if no one can get money in their hoses then how will they manage their budget and pay their fees. Some children also do job but cannot study. Because they cannot manage both hands meet. Some students also do part time jobs but they can also manage their studies and some can also go out of the country on their scholarship. So, some can manage their studies but some cannot. So, part time job is not good for students as they are future of Pakistan and this is responsibility of Government to provide money for their both hand meet.


Part time job is necessary for students. College life is transition period of student life from dependence to independence. . They want to become independent. The life is that time of life when student feel guilty to depend on parents. In our country mostly parents can not afford the higher education academic expenses of their children so student should want to do job in college life. Their co circular activities also need more income. In school life students feel themselves dependent on their parents but in college life the student wants to become independent. There are more implication in college life. Student needs more money in college life. They need part time job through their income they can easily pay their fesses. In college life students need more income. Now a day's computer is the great invention of science. We are living in the scientific word. Computer becomes the central part of every kind of study so students need it. Parents can not afford the all expenses of the students. Internet and many other advancement increased the need of students. In college life academic expenses of students increased. They need tuition, computer and many other things. Parents are some time not able to pay payment. At that time students need part time jobs. Part time jobs can help the student to become more independent and self sufficient. It creates self dependent in students they do not begged their hand in the front of any one in whole life. When student reached college life then it is their moral duty and the need to become self dependent so part time job is necessary for college students.


Many students in the country work past time job and also attend high school. Many of them manage these taro job properly. Which allows them to maintain good result while finding a personas source of income. Other high School Students are not able at to balance the to responsibilities in most causes. The past time job becomes to much hard to handle, and results being sleeping. In spite of all these facts apart time job is becoming necessary in a high school students life. Money is necessary for every one to fact is that responsible students will have no problems balancing a job and schools. But average students cannot mange their jobs and studies. They cannot enjoy their life. Because a part time job occupies time that should be spent on home work, studies, extra curricular act ivies. In my opinion both sides nave very valid arguments. Job does teach children responsibility. When doing a part time job, students can earn money by their own so they can grow up. In conclusion, a part time job benefits a university student in be more independent, experiend and Confident. As well as it helps him to cover his needs in daily life.


Now a day trends have changed study methods and the life style of the students have also changed. In older times parents can easily support their children while they were studying. They could afford their all study expenses as will as their other expenditures. But now a day it's very difficult for some of the parents to do so. So now students have started to do some part time jobs beside their studies. This can help them financially as well as it can help them to gain experience of practical life. If they get job related to their major of studies it provokes their skills in that field and help them financially as well. But beside this it can affect their studies very much, because they can not give proper time to their studies & like this they can't score good grades. Some of the students work hard enough that they maintain their grades and job very well. But some students concentrate on their job and lose their study. But beside all this it is some how necessary for the students to do some part time job. It will help them a lot polish them selves and support their pockets as well. In foreign countries like America and Europe students prefer to do some part time job, like this they are supporting their selves as well as they are contributing in the prosperity of their countries also. In Pakistan we students should try to have some part time job and government should help them by providing jobs in civil and government sector so the students can help them selves.


There are two types of jobs. One is main job and the other is part time job. The main job is full time job. The man work all time day and night. He take few moments of rest. All the day man is working. But even some time men is do part time job. They do not take any rest and start part time job. In part time job the work is for short time and the money is also short as compared to the main job or full time job. In these days every thing is very high price. So the money is need by the every body. In this way the people do part time job. Man and woman both are do part time job. In this method they get more money to get their home expenses work correctly. Women also do part time jobs so that they get extra money and facility. Women mostly do teaching jobs in part time jobs. Part time job is for self support. The students do this part time job so that the burden of their family is less. In this way they earn their own expenditures of their study. This is for self support of the students. But in this way the student can not do good study. He is remain weak in his studies.


Jobs are basically of two types. One is full time job in which a employee work all the day and other is part time job in which a employee work for 3 to 4 hours. Some people do it in the morning, some people do it in the evening and some do it in the night. It is mostly common in western countries. This job is not a permanent job. Now the time period is of inflation. The prices of things are very much high. Now the prices of electricity per unit are increased so the amount of the bills are also increased. So every one is in need to earn extra money to fulfill its needs. By doing part time job extra money is earned. The extra money reduce its burden. By part time job student study by their own study expenditure. The employees of the part time jobs are mainly common people who want to stable their family economically. The other one are students who want to stand on their own foot whose family back ground is not very good and strong. Whose family is not wealthy and rich and can not pay their study expenses. In this way part time job is very helpful thing. We should do it.


Inflation is one of the most burning issues in Pakistan. Now a day, it has become difficult even to buy some sugar or flour. A person is living hands to mouth in Pakistan. Earning is the most difficult one the middle class and lower class families are in pressure. The difference between the hardships of middle class and lower class families arise from education. Due to this crisis it has become necessary for a student to do a part time job. It helps him in paying his institutional dues. He can become a right hand of his parents. He can fulfill his own desires, for example, he can buy a bicycle or a motor bike for himself or a he can purchase a computer for him. In this way part time job is very good. The student knows that at a particular time after college timing he has to go to his job. It helps him in making him punctual. A very positive change which comes in the personality for his future practical life. He becomes aware of the responsibilities of practical life. He does not remain unserious like other boys of his age. Part time job in college has some drawbacks also: Firstly, job in college life is wastage of time. The student can not pay full attention towards his studies. Secondly, the student has to do too much task. His studies require full time on the other hand his job also demands good performance, Thirdly, the student goes far away from curricular activities, Fourthly, he goes away from his relations due to lack of time. The above all are some benefits and drawbacks of part time job, but it is necessary to do part time job in college life for middle class students.


In this modern life the expenses are so much high, that the peoples have so much financial problems. Their income is too low that they lives hand to mouth. Therefore they does not rely on one job. They took part in part time jobs. Therefore they get enough money from that jobs so they support their family. Due to long time working and restless their health is going on decreasing. But it is the social need. On the hand of students, the increasing fesses compelled them to take part in part time jobs. This is also beneficial because they have enough time, therefore they get enough money to support themselves. And the experience which they gained is also beneficial for them. Due to this part time job the economy of the country also increase. On the bases of this experience they get good jobs rapidly. Part time jobs is very much beneficial for underage students like under graduates. They get teaching experience by teaching at homes. They also get office work experience by working in offices. Part time job make them independent of their parents. Part time job is a good way to be practical. Students should do part time job.


There are two types of jobs. One a full time and other is part time job. A man who is doing full time job do his duty all the day but a man who is doing part time job his duty is for the short time. A part time worker can do his job in the morning or in the evening or some time in the night. Most of the people do it in the night. In this world every thing is very much costly. Prices of every thing is sky high. The rent of houses and the bill of electricity, and telephone and gas is very high amount. In this world every one needs extra money. For this purpose they do part time job, they reduce and relax the burden of the whole family. The relax the burden of the only one family member who is the earner of the family. Students do part time job because they want to share their income with their father so that he may easily pay the fee of his son. The low backward area is also factor of the part time job. So those people who have low income monthly or daily they part time doing mostly. It is a good thing but Pakistan is not its roger.


To earn something by doing a job is good but it become more profitable when we do job while studying like college life. College life is full of luxuries life. Despite of having a short period of study it has its own charms but it can be more fruitful when we job with it. By doing job we can do something for our parents not that for their benefit but that thinking that we are lessening the burden from their shoulder. We have to quick in our duties, punctual, hardworking to do job in college life. Laziness is not favorable to do job quickness and alertness are major attributes to do job while studying in college. Be regular is another good habit for this activity that doing something especially we have to sacrifice something our rest and be regular meet the requirement. Punctuality is another charactistic to adopt for doing job. Even task which is done on the require time create no problem for the doer. Hard work is another essential part of human trait which has no its comparison when done with fall spirit. Through hard work we can achieve difficult and unachievable task.


Part time job is necessary for collage students because new generation want independent life. They want to spend their lives independently. They fell guilty to beg in front of their parents. In school life they depend on their parents and parents to fulfill their necessary but in collage life their necessaries increase they want academies, computer and many other things and also their academic fee increases. Parents does not pay their higher instate fee. That's why part time job is necessary for students. During job students increase confidence and they become punctual. They fulfill the order their boss and complete his task given to them. Job after class will be very helpful for students to save their selves from bad habits. Many bad habits develop in human during free and spare time to serve on them. So when students serve his day time in any work then he will never do any wrong task. Students become responsible. They can help their parent's. Now a days study became very expansive so parents can not afford the study. When student earn money from job and they can use these money to fulfill their needs and to carry their study and can live better life.


 Man is a social animal no one can fullfill his necessities by living alone in this world. with the increase in population man's necessities are also going to be increased to such a large extent that he is totally confused. At one time he thanks that he should have right to live but at next moment he is totally dishearten that he wants to finish his life. Part time job is something debated to this in which a person does a work more than his abilities. Part time job is type of job in which a person mostly students do studies and job at a time they do this because they have no further means to continue their studies. Why we do part time job ? In Pakistan people are searching for food water and shelter. There is a very high rate of unemployment. When a child born parents can afford his schooling. They can afford his uniforms books and other things he require. Then with lots of efforts time of intermediate comes at this stage students are in start of dilemma. Parents have no enough sources to feed their children. Then to get rid of this situation students do part time job in the morning time they attend their classes. And after that they perform their part time jobs. Most of the students lost their lot of energy. It is said that nothing is impossible . then why we can not reduce part time jobs. Everyone has to take step at individual level. Our Govt. has to take very high step. Govt. has to provide highly qualified staff in professional colleges and reduce the education fees also. Talented students must be awarded with scholarships. Nothing is impossible. With the help of Allah almighty we can do everything. We have to reduce the rate of part time jobs so that our talented students do not waste their talent in part time activities.


Student is very important roll model of a country. Student is a shoulder of a country in the progress. Student is like a flower when the provide water from the flower the flower groth up and when stop the water the flower lose the beauty and his srend student are very important in the society. Few student go the college and when back the college they go to the jobs and this student does not proper time his education and its result is very low because these student are not give the proper time to the tough sub. Some student are very poor and not pay the college fee and monthly dues so these student part time jobs start. Some student very found the education but they are not achieve the education and found the different jobs to complete the education. These children are make a poor result, becoz they so not complete syllabus a few time and lose. So, student is fail. These student fail his future and not done any work and goods jobs becoz their grade is very low and they do not doing good work. Some children who not work and full concentration from the education. These children achieve the goal in their life and enjoy the full life with peace.


As for as the topic concern there are two major things to be noted job or students and here the factor society is also important. In general part time jobs is good for students they got confidence, knowledge, experience. They learn how to deal with people or how to contribute in society. As in foreign countries students should have few hours job and it is part of their studies. It makes them more practical but is all these things effect their studies or not? In foreign countries students are without burden. In our society study is very tough its burden more then knowledge. Majority of students belongs to middle class society they cannot afford their fee or other eXPENCES. they are responsible for their families and after completion of their studies they are unable to find good jobs, because in our society there is a demand of experience more than talent. When there is no appreciation of their talent, no jobs, no place, continuously failure its leads for suicide commitment, robbery, addiction or such immoral activities. Its responsibility of government to assign scholarship for students or provides them good jobs. Any how, I am strongly insist that student should do part time jobs not only for themselves but also for the betterment of society.


Today we are living in 21st century for which an 18th or 19th century man had just wondered that it would be the perfect time to live in with every type of facility. Now living in 21st century we can see that his dream was true but partially because today every type of modern facility is available in market but far away from the range of a middle class person because the living expenditures are touching the heights of skies and it is being more and more hard to survive for lower class people to survive with these circumstances. As the consequence of this situation it is not possible for an ordinary man to educate his children up to metric level and to fulfill his desires of better future so the students are themselves compelled to do part time jobs to continue their studies smoothly. On the other hand students who do part time jobs along with their studies become more punctual and hardworking then their other class mates and these habits lead them to be gentle in their upcoming professional lives. So the conclusion is that 'yes' part time job is necessary for college students but this statement should not be taken as negative because it also affects good on one's future life.


As we know that dear is the order of the day and also increasing day by day. There are many possible reasons of the dearness. Due to dearness it is hard to live for a poor man. Therefore, poor live from hand to mouth. The first reason of the dearness is that most of the people in our society are ill litrate. They have not proper resourses of earning money to live. They have a lot of family member to feed. If they are not educated then hoe they earn and feed their children. Secondly, the standard of education in our country is very low. People cannot speak, write and learn English easily. Anyhow English is considered as a compulsory subject for getting education. The person who cannot speak, write and learn English in a better way cannot get a job of good standard. So, we can say easily that English is the need of the day. In this era most parents wants that their children get higher education. But the poor people who cannot afford this, they get education first time and do part time job. In this way they can earn some money to spend all of their expenses, in this way their most of the time is spent in earning money and they cannot pay their fully attention to their studies. It has harmful effect on their studies.


It is undeniable that the much important matter for college students is to master specialty knowledge, in order to graduate with a high mark, especially in business, in which the diploma plays a basic role. In this sense, we college students study hard day by day, without having a part time job. However, I think having a part time job isn't in contradiction with getting a high mark. In fact, it gives a hand with improving our ability witch is necessary for hunting a satisfying job. Not only the theory but also experience counts in dealing with tasks. But what we learn from our schoolbooks is much theories and little experience. Just having a part time job can abolish this imbalance. What's more, having a part time job can help us develop a patient, friendly and easy going characterize. There is no doubt that it can make a nice atmosphere for us. On the other hand, the money we earn from part time job is another unexciting harvest; with which dealing with economic difficulty will be easier. As members of the younger generation, we mustn't depend on our parents any longer. What we must do is developing our working ability and having a part time job is a good choice for us. Having receiving higher education does not mean that we are superior to others. The work others can do, we can do it.


Part time job for college students is not a healthy activity for those who are doing it unnecessary. Because by this although they can fulfill their desires of doing any part time job but they cannot focus on their studies bitterly. It affects their studies and they are passing through their career building stage and at this stage they should completely focus on their studies for their better future. But if that can manage their studies and job properly, they should do it, because by doing job the students who are idol get a healthy activity for their spare time. Some students are compelled to part time jobs. Although they are not mentally and physically able to do such jobs but because of some financial problems of their family, they are compelled to do jobs to rise their family to some extent by going small contribution to solve financial problem of their family. Students which are facing poverty and wanted to study do part time job to pay their college dues and to carry their studies. By doing part time jobs, their studies and health also got affected as all this work is high to thin physical and mentally potentials. By doing hand labor their health also got effect which result a bad effect on their studies also. Government should do something for such students by making policies and funds rising, so, that students got focused on their studies properly and contributes towards a bright future of their country.


Nowadays, the world becomes computerization and multi media. More and more corporations are also improving their demands to the employees. What they really want are comprehensive talents, who master all aspects of skills. While, where do the skills come from? As a student, studying is our most important responsibility. Besides this, we have to take measures to improve our practical skills, such as communication, cooperation, the ability of adapting to the economic world. In a way, part time job is necessary for college students. Take America for example, most of the Americans have part time jobs, especially the college students, even the younger students. They have to pay for their education themselves, such as tuition and the coat of living. They know how to lead life, how to make use of money. Indeed, taking a part time job teaches the kids very much. They can get close to the society at an early age, and then get ready for their future jobs. Another reason for part time job is the increasing expenses of education those cannot afford a student so they mustly need part time job to fulfil their expenses. As a adult, it is an embarrassed to ask for help of parents. Therefore, the salary of part time job is allowance to our adventure trip. Through endeavor by themselves, college students have less mental burden. Instead of it, the pride of achievement to independent live occupies their mind. In sum up, the merits of part time jobs are manifest. Though some people may argue that the job will distract students' attention to study, the deficiency is able to be made up by study more in leisure time. Compared to beneficence for future career, this tiny disadvantage can be ignored. Conclusion: Perhaps, In a long run, part time jobs not only do much favors to us, but also benefit for the development of our country, and for the help of our parents to reduce their burden of increasing expenses.


Our great leader and founder of Pakistan QUAID ?E AZAM said that Students are the back bone for our country Our country Pakistan is not very good in economic. People have not enough money to study their children's. So they don't to cause to go their children's in schools and collage. In our country the percentage of poorness is above 75%. Peoples have not enough money to cause to go their children in collages. They cannot afford the expenses of study. Those children who want to learn they do part time jobs at some places and afford the expenses of their studies. So the part time job is necessary for collage students. Due to doing jobs their confidence level is also increase which is very good for them. They have much power, confidence and strength to solve the problems. They can face any difficulties of their life. But for the collage students the jobs are those in which they don't work hard. If their jobs are tough than they do not take a proper time to their studies, which is very dangerous for them. Jobs are easy and cannot take a lot time of them. In this way they don't take a proper time to their studies. In some cases, parents of the students pressurize their child to earn money to support their family and they became a heddle in the way of their child. Parents do not pressurize their children's to earn money if they want to learn? Now our government has free the education up to metric level and provides the scholarship to girls. Now education became free up to metric level. They also provide books to students. So students can easily get education up to metric level. Part time jobs are done, when they are in collage and they don't afford the expenses of education. So part time job is necessary for students.


Part time jobs are not the main jobs. These jobs are for few hours. Job is not easy task. After a full time job is very hard to do an other part time job. God like the hard workers. In part time jobs people try to earn money in a right way. Part time job is very common in Europe country. There the tax rates are very high. A large number of people do part time jobs in different shapes. Some people do part time job in morning shifts. Some do in after noon shift. Some in the evening and some do it at night or late night shifts. Specially students to part time jobs for study. After school, college and universities, students do part time jobs in stores, shopping malls, coffee shops, gass stations and etc. Part time job is an extra burden for workers. It is not good for health. Part time job is a stress for health. Women are also do part time jobs. Some people do part time jobs to get experience for the better job. The workers who do part time jobs they can not give proper attention to their family. The children are a very sensitive. They feel their parents ignorance. They want their parents proper attention. In such jobs they are neglect badly.


Part time job has a lot of advantages. Much of our time is not wasted in this way. We can do our many works. Part time job means work at evening or second shift. In Pakistan most of students have to jobs second time because our economy is not very good, so the parents can not pay all the expenses so they said their children job part time and study first time so they have to do job at second time but much of their time wasted in this way, they can not pay full attention on their studies as a result They fail while on the other hand for other citizen( mean not students) get a some advantages of part time jobs, for examples teacher can teach in schools and colleges at first time and second time they can take their tuitions and earn some money, they can easily control the economy of their house and help their parents or family. Some boys who are going to foreign countries to get education. They have to jobs second time because the expenses of abroad countries are very high. In this way they have to work both time it is a benefit for them and help them in a lot of way that with this money they can manage(not easily) but the expenses of eating and housing. Nowadays most of the students and people have to jobs part time as well as second time because our economy is very weak than other countries. It is necessary to run a big family. To my point of view it is better to job part time than to get charity or to loan from others.


The college students should not only study but also work a part time job in the same time. Because the students do a part time job will get a lot of experiences from working. When the students work in the real job they can use the knowledge to the work. They can get some good advice from the boss and friends working in the same place. If they do some wrong work, they can ask the boss how to work properly. They receive the money and they can use these money to buy the thing whatever they want like the cosmetics, fashion bag, shoes, dresses, and mobile phone. College students who don't have money have to find part time job. They will know how hard when they parents work for the money to support them. They will not use the money to buy a very expensive thing. The government should help the college students to find the good job and protect them from selfish boss. The teacher should suggest a good and safe place for students to work. If students have problem they can talk with teacher and parents.


While writing this essay I am in a fix whether to favor it or to disfavor it. Because I have been experiencing this in my all student life. Bitter or sweeter I will share my own thoughts on this very topic. Basically every student has to go in practical life ultimately. So part time job or practical experience grant the student with enough confident about how to tackle life practically. When he is aware that how much struggle is put forwarded to finance the studies, he becomes thrifty and pay more attention to his studies. Financial aide and student loans help cover some of the costs, a vast majority of college students are taking on part time jobs to help offset the costs of university life. With the cost of education on the rise, more students are feeling the need to try to achieve some sort of financial independence. Although a part time job can be discouraging at times, the experience of work can more than make up for it. The very basic and the most important quality that even a lay man needs at every step of life, is the management. It may be the management of his daily chores, duties and rights, may starts from cradle and ends with grave. A student managing studies and part time job, is learning and practicing the proper management effectively and efficiently, within limited time and resources if he is performing excellent performance in studies and job as well, he is the master of life's management. At this very age when he needs proper time for sports, enjoyment, how you can expect that he will do all this. In conclusion I would say that a student should study properly, and if he can manage he should go for part time job, because, anyways, practical experience has no alternative at all.


Part time job for college student are good for part time for college students are not good. Because it should waste time of the students and students are not focused on their studies and they should take responsibilities of both the studies and job but this is not possible for a student. Part time for the student is require when the parents are not give the pocket money to them and not fulfill their needs. This is due to byrozgari. Part time job effect the student study and health and they are really in need for money and fulfill their needs they help their parents and. . . . . . . While other wise they are very strong and they are facing the problem. Government should help the people of this country and take responsibility to to help the taking call and people and they should know what is good for the people of our country. Students all very good very energetic but when they had to work for their money and for their study do college is a place where students is coming to get ambition and when they have no opportunity they should not gain their future and should not gain knowledge for themselves and for get a high role in the world.


To some extent, we can say that it is very important part time job are necessary in this sense that the education has become expensive now a day. The present scenario of our country has forced the people to earn more and more money. Our feces of education are touching to the skies, so it is very difficult for the people to survive in this situation. The problem for the student is that in the morning they usually attend there college and take classes, so in order to continue there education, they have to earn money. So part time job helps the student to pay there dues. Our people are facing so many problems. There energy crises, food crisis, financial problems, etc. in these circumstances people are unable to educate their children especially sons more and more. But they are helpless before there harsh circumstances. I think government is responsible in increasing the education dues day by day they should pay attention to this side seriously. If they do not think about it, they will have to pay it in a long run. There is another problem of the private colleges. There is a hell of different dues between government and private institutes. Private colleges are taking a big amount of fee. Mostly the rich people are taking admission in those colleges but the middle class people also take admission, then in order to continue their education they have to do a part time job. So the synopsis of the above discussion is that part time jobs are very important for students in order to continue there education.


Jobs are essential for university students. In this age when economic crises are increase due to time. Unemployment should be increases. The students who are studying in universities and got higher grades good job is sigh for themselves. Country is passing through economic crises. Mostely peoples are free and unemploy. They have no good jobs to shoe their good progress for their country. They are helpless and poor. The people of uper class get all the opportunities of good job. Due to this the middle class peoples are uneploy. The students who are studying in universities have great determination to achieve their goal. They have many desires for their future life. For their bright future they are hard working. When these students pass out from universities with high grade and digree. They search for job. Which are rare for them. In our society the people of upper class have great authority to get the good jobs. All seats of good jobs reserve and the student of university have no more opportunity to get job which is suitable for university students.


When we are studying in university, college or some school mostly we don't know about our fellow's background and even we don't know what's going on in his daily life at his/ser home, what the problems he/or she is facing with. Some people start part time job to support their families financially. Some people start part time job as they don't want to be a burden for their families. Some have to do this to continue their study and support their families as their as there is no elder person to earn. Either the elder persons mainly father and mother have died or not able to earn. Mostly in south asian countries it is not liked by the people that women should do any job, they think that women should do work only at their own home. If we come to know about people doing part time job. we should help them and encourage them. On the other hand some people also do part time job to just get money to spend on useless activities. Actually they are wasting their time, money and even themselves as well. All schools should give needy base scholarships to their students who are doing part time job and they deserve for it.


Students of new generation are very enormous and presentation of modern age. Extra circular activities are essential for students. Some students are not attentive in some periods due to uninterested in the subject. I am really against the part time job are essential for students. Part time jobs are the kind of time wastage for students. Students should only concern with their studies not on any other thing. The foremost responsibility of the students is to be well educated and for their good jobs in future. Do well and well in studies. The purpose of the students is only that to be learn the knowledge that they could have. Be Pakistani and do well for Pakistan after the complete of their studies. Students mean those kinds of people which are busy in their studies. In college only for Fs. c students which become the future of Pakistan. The engineering and medical students which are in last year and in second year. They should only concern with their studies and do well, well educate should interest in studies and acquired very good marks in F. sc and entered in engineering and medical colleges and should come in the future of the country. For part time job the long life is remaining. In college part time job is only wastage of time. Those students which give equal time and long time for studies and also participate in part time jobs without wastage of time they should be participate in these activities for that students part time job is essential.


Many students who are weak in economical point of view. Their parents could not afford their fees and other needs of their life. They come to face the problems of their lives and start part time jobs to fulfill their needs. And on this way many students continue their studies and they afford their needs itself. Many people who do job in offices their salaries are too short and could not fulfill their needs they want more part time jobs. The students who do part time job and also study when they come back they face many problems they don't care their health because they busy all the day, they also don't have a bit time to concentrate on their studies fully. Because their time is always disturb due to worked. If they have money to face their needs they will fully concentrate on their studies and succeed in the field of education but they did not do because they also worked and face tension. The students and who do part time job and they solved their problem and the problems of their parents. They are brave and also have sprit to solve and face the problems of their life. If they not work who come and solve their problems? Who come and give them money to feed their bodies? Because our Government have no responsibility to feed them and fulfill the needs of their education. So, students also do this and face their problems.


Today the part time job is very important for college students. I honestly think that it is a awesome, great idea for students to have part time jobs before they graduate from college. But if they had the time and resources to do so. If college students do the part time job, they can get experience. Because today for every professional job the experience is required. So for this, internship is very good achievement. Through this students become experienced for professional jobs. Besides this education has become very expensive now in our country. Our admission feces are very high. So in order to continue our education, the part time job is necessary. In this way students can pay there college dues, hostel dues etc. But all students can not do the part time jobs in well manners. Some week students feel very much burden can not pay proper attention to there study. Because of this some parents stop their children to do part time job. But some students may be able to balance college work and office work, without harming there education, but they are minority. I think if weak students do part time job, it ca be make them responsible about every thing. For example they become able to use money with in a budget. They come to know that how they can manage the time for study and job. So I think all the students should do the part time job for there better future life, if they have resources.


Nobody is perfect in this world and we cannot deny this fact that in our world there were people who were born wealthy. It is a fortunate life if you were born in a wealthy or average family and you get all the luxuries of life and there were born who were not wealthy it is unfortunate life if you were born in a poverty life and deprived all the necessities of life. With the rising population there were many who were in the poverty life and day by day they were struggling to live and find ways to move to the poverty line of life. They had to manage to live and survive in this modern and competitive world. Education would be the biggest challenge of the family in the poverty stage of how are they going to support their children to send them to school. Government schools are cheap and it will be a big opportunity to send their children to school at low cost or affordability. Education is not an end but a means to an end. In other words, purpose of education is not educating people only for educating them but the purpose is fit them for life. Education widens our outlook and makes us wise. Part time jobs are a brilliant place to start your work career. It is common for high school students who are just entering the workforce, to start with a part time job. Part time jobs are also quite well for individuals who are employed full time, but want to earn extra money, for any number of reasons they do not only continue their studies but also support their families. While they earn pocket money, or money to reduce the cost of their tuition. Part time jobs should be thought of an opportunity to learn new skills. Many people in fact become not proficient at what they learned through a part time job, that they choose it as a career and affect their future life.


Every student should take interest in studies. Youth is responsible for the future of any country. They must be educated properly. Education means to learn something. Education gives us information and litealy. It boards our vision. Prosperity of any country depend on how many nation of that country have jobs? Do any work properly and honesty? Do they give attention to their duties? But education and work are two opposite things. The students which give full time to their studies cannot do job. And the students which give their full concentration to the jobs cannot study properly. So, the students which learns anything cannot take part in prosperity of their country. And those who do jobs cannot uproot the illiteracy. So, it is impossible to do jobs who study in any institution. But if we take example of England, we should vision that students do jobs also. But to prove this there should be proper check and balance. It means every should give proper time to their studies and jobs. So, in this way they can uproot illiteracy and can take part in prosperity of country. But the actual and main thing is proper check and balance in both things.


Now a days part time job is very important & necessary. Without part time job It is not easy to live comfortable. The income of single person is not sufficient to meet the requirement of whole family. So every one should work day and night to live in a good way. Students should do a part time job to decrease a financial burden on their parents. European countries always fast more develop that other countries because in that countries everyone should work, so one is sitting Idle. Students also work in those countries. In morning they go to their schools, colleges in the evening they do some part time job. So this way there is no burden of their parents. There is always some advantages & disadvantages of every thing. The disadvantage of part time job is that student can't study properly because they are too much tired daily work in school and colleges and in evening spend lot of energy in doing some job. So studies are more important in nowadays then every thing. But we should work hard to become financially strong if everyone should work than Pakistan run on the way of progress. And we'll be progressed.


Part time jobs are affected on the time require for reading to the student. But the students that wanted to achieve a destination they manage the job in this way their study is not disturbed. They become able to get their achievements due to the determination that is present in the mind of the students. If the love is present in the mind so the students for study and they wanted any achievement then he works to the daily life and hardships that we face in the life not effected on our study but if we have determination. Determination and goals of life, destination and achievement of destination shall be present in the mind of the students. For example we had shown that a rickshaw driver had get first position in the Lahore Board and eliminates the name of his parents, country and proved that if we have any part of determination in our mind then we get achievement. Determination must be present. The student that teach the tuition to the other student they become able to describe anything in the life and lesson of the student. When he teach any other and God bless him because at this he is a teacher. Let discuss the teachers who teach us and work hard. Therefore they get their achievement. Then concluding these student part time jobs for student. I wanted to say that determination should be present in the mind because some time that student comes if we do not part time job than our family become hungry. If we have determination then we get achievement and job not affected on study.


Some students and people do part time jobs to fulfill their needs. Most of the students are forced to do a part time job. Because their expenses. In this way they have to work late at night and after this they have to pay some time to their studies. They can not give full attention to their studies as result they get low grades or they are failed. This disheartens them and they left their studies. In the result our country is going back in academic field. Most of the student adopts the part time job to spend their free time. They have interest in this job and do very well in both in studies and job. This type of job keeps them from the bad habits. Part time jobs have both beneficent and disadvantage. Because the students who are brilliant and they do a part time job can afford all his expenses and live a happy. But the student who are weak in their studies and are forced to do a part time job can not pay attention to both things and their both economic and academic carrier is destroyed. Therefore we can not say any thing about part time job because it is useful for some people and it is also a problem for some other people. We can only give our blessings to the people to duties well.


Student life is full of excitement and thrill. People enjoying the student life. Part time jobs are very difficult for the students. The duty of student are to study. Part time for college student is difficult because the study is to difficult and it necessary to give a large time to study. The students do jobs if their parents can't afford their student study. These students who do jobs to earn money. The students first time to go colleges. Second time go to their jobs. Dure to jobs they earn money but their attention to the study is decreases. The parents are poor so students do the jobs. The students who do job can't maintain their health. The result are also effected due to part time jobs. A student who is free give the good result while the student who do the jobs they cannot give the good result. The students are worried due to jobs and their thinks are also effected. Government should also work for all student who do the jobs because the students do the important role in society. They can't give the proper time to studies. So govt. Give the fund such a students and gave proper time to studies.


Part time jobs are necessary for the students who are studying abroad. Because their family have no more resources to educate them more. The students who have resources of education they does not done this job. But the students almost done the job foe money and for learning. But the students who done the part time jobs they cannot done their studies as well as they done when they are come to their houses at night they are tired and does not prepare their college work. And their studies are destroy by this way. But if the students have need for this jobs for their family supporting they have need to work hard they should wanted that they managed the time by their part time jobs and study. First of all the Government should to releze the funds for these students and help them. The part time job has bad effect on the students. They have bad result in their studies. Because they have not time for studies. Their health is not remain as a healthy students. Is they have a chance to study they will done more hard work for their studies and for their country. Through the work of hard working their health will bad. Actually the college is the place where the students studying well and enjoy their life as well. They done. Because money is the responsibility of the government not the students of the college their responsibility is study.


All the student should do a part time job in free time for his own expenditure and also to resolve the burden of his parents and his family. part time job also brings experience for practical life. it is also a best way to utilize your energies in a right way. it is also a way to gain confidence. Part time job also make you independent in your expences. in daily routine you take money from your parents. Some time due to bad circumstances your parents have no enough money for you. And doing a part time you resolve the burden of your parents. And also a student can fulfill his private needs and educational needs. And it is also a good way to spend the spare time in a right way. And this habit will also make you active. It is not necessary poor peoples do part time job. Part time is not bounded to any particular class an upper class student should also experience the taste of part time job as a best way to spend his spare time. In future after completing your education your part time experience will bring you benefit in the next job. it is now becoming a trend while you go for a job they ask you about your experience. And some jobs are kept only for experienced people who have some experience for a job.


Jobs are great opportunity, because we need money in every matter of life. Same as, some needy students are taking, part time jobs. Because every student, have their own needs. Mostly the parents of the students can not afford the accessories of their studies. So these students take a part time job, these jobs must be increase their intelligence level, and build up their confidence. Because of these jobs, they are know about their liabilities, which are came in the future. They can manages the life according to their time, because they know the value of time, if they cannot give any important of time, they are not done their works of life. Also give importance to their health, because it is too necessary! Part time jobs will gave them experience also, but there are some defects of part time jobs. They are neglecting their studies according to their patterns. They also lose their health. Some students give much importance their jobs and not concentration their studies. That's why they lose their goals. Mostly needy peoples are chose this way but they can't handle both of them. So their own progress will be fall. The matter is not necessary for all students, only for that student who can manage both works like job and studies perform betterly.


College time is very short and good time for the students. But the students those cannot afford the college dues they do job after their college time. They want to learn. Therefore they do job. They can understand their parents problems. But many students they have money to pay their college dues but they do work/job to enjoy/check the poor life. The college students do their jobs with carefully because they know that they want to become a good person. They want things that they like but without job they donot do this. Therefore they take a job to fulfill their wordly desires. The college students want to do job because they want to know their purpose in this universe. They want to know the purpose of their creation. And they also want to make a name in their life. They want everything that is good and necessary for their life. The students that do job it is not good for their study but the students do job to learn. Life is shudded with sorrows and happiness they follow eachother. We should not lose heart. We should face every problem in the world. That's makes a man perfect. Students wants to enjoy their college time but they can't enjoy because they also do their jobs in teen ages.


According to Oscar Wilde Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught Job is use for general task, functions or responsibility qualification or skill of a person is very important to doing a job. In this age of inflation all college students want to do a job because of expanses. They want to fulfill their own expenses of study. For college students those students who are well mannered or have a better understanding about concept related to the subject or good qualification. They give the tuition of the school level students or some students works in the shops as a part time job. Some students sell newspaper as a part time job. Some students go to the academy to get a job for healthy income. Some students adopt via internet as a part time job. This is a new source of part time job which are introduced recently. There are a many opportunity to get a job via internet. There are many purpose of job. The purpose of internal management, recruitment or something else. There are a lot of benefit of those students who they do a job. They improve confidence, improve knowledge. They get a lot of new things due to job. They become responsible. They improve cooperation all the member of organization in which they are doing work. They get a lot of experience to do a job during the study. So, all the students have passion to do a lot of work they want to fulfill their own responsibilities therefore they want to work who are the example of the new generation of our society.


Pakistan is a country full of color and zest, rich in culture. Our culture's foundation lies in the strong family unit. The sort of bonding we promote, family ties we have are scarce in the west. Here we believe in taking care of our kith and kin. Our cultural norm is that parents support their children all through their life. They raise us, educate us, provide for us, arrange our weddings for us, and then pamper our kids as well. In such scenario, I strongly feel that part time jobs are not fit for our culture, neither for our family units, nor for our society. It is western concept that parents must ask their kids to leave the house and live on their own once they turn eighteen. For them and their youngsters it is necessary that that they opt for part time jobs, earn for themselves. It is inevitable for them and vital for their survival as well. On the other hand our culture is a reflection of warmth. Parents take their kids as small chicks and keep them under their wings, safe from the heat and cold of the world, until they feel that chicks are ready to survive on their own. This generally is never. Since our culture does not enforce any such responsibilities, we do not need any part time jobs. We want our kids to give complete attention to their studies before they begin to worry about earning.


Part time jobs for college student is good for that student which have less reasons and less facilities as compare to other jobs are also for that students which are finanily not stong enough to fulfill their requirments. The part time jobs is a source of earning money. Due to this share the burden of their parents. If they are not economically strong and have no resources and their parents have no money to leads their education. The students which are having part time jobs are love their studies they want to establish their family and want to take care of their young brother and sisters. The part time jobs is a need for poor students due to jobs the student lose their health and progress in their studies. The job effect their health their studies is also effected the students have no time to take care itself and its family. The benefit is that they provided all that thing which they need for their studies and share the parents of their family. Due to its job have its self respect for earning money. But also on other hand its falling health had a worry for their family. And they cannot force on their studies.


Job is essential for college students Burden is a word which proves very dangerous in life. It is worst enemy of one's respect in the view of everyone. God has blessed us with wisdom and ability. By using these blessings of God one can get rid of the word burden. Anyone who speeke knowledge is student. A student who is college is so young to support himself. He is the part of the society. Job is essential for college student. It is said that occupation is the satt of life a college student have the knowledge. He can do job in order to utilize his hidden abilities ant to take advantage of of his knowledge. A college student or any student burns midnight oil to get knowledge or degree. So, he should not waste it. job rescue a student from the burden. He can support himself in a batter way. Now days each and everything is so expensive even a piece of bread is not easy to get. The burden of studies can easily be erased from his parents shoulders. Job makes him responsible. He recognize his responsibilities and duties. Confidence is the element which is the basic thing for success in life. It is like a vehicle. job gifts the confidence to a student. Anyone who accept the burden of his support as well as his family's support is cosideved respectable. One can take the example of developed countries where college support themselves. So it can be said that job is essential for college studnets.


Many university students have part time jobs on or off campus. This phenomenon has now provoked wide public concern. Some skeptics argue that students come to the universities to study and what they need to do is to exercise their brain not making money. However these people fail to realize that part time jobs during attendance in university can provide students so much more than just income. As far as I'm concerned university students should be encouraged to take part time jobs because they can become more financially independent, gain new experience, make more friends and learn to balance their study and work. Part time jobs make students much more financially independent. With the help of the money earned in the jobs, some scholarship money and student loan, many students are able to afford the tuition as well as other fees required in university. It may be the first time they support themselves financially. According to a survey conducted by CollegeS&L, a college counseling company, more than 60 percent of the students in universities and colleges have a part time job either on or off campus, and 45percent of them are able to pay for the tuitions by themselves with a little help from school. Taking part time jobs is one step closer to an adult life for the students, who are very excited about the idea of being free from parents and live by themselves.


Man is a social animal. He can not live alone. He is needed for others for his domestic as well as social life. The basic needs of human associated with his environment. Environment degradation fells upon his status while a prosperous environment gives guarantee for mental peace and calm. In this mechanic age it is very difficult to bear the expenditures of domestic life. For this a man is compelled to adopt part time job, particularly for a student who can not afford the educational expenditures part time job is a way to achieve the goal. Beside it, a student enters into practical life. He does not get only financial benefit but also he gets observative progress. Part time job has become popular trend in underdeveloped countries. People in this way have a enough spare time to perform household as well as social duties. Government and other social institutions should produce such opportunities so that such people who can not afford to get education due to hard hit. It is very beneficial trend. By which deprived class will chance to rise their status in society. Particularly, poor students will not be compelled to leave their study and literary rate will be increased. But it has also some demerits. Part time job produces a man ambition for more.


The most important part of society mant student gets a jobs for their study. They gets job's because their parents cannot study them. They are poors. they cannot afford their kercha. There is nobody in their house to earn. A college is the place where student comes for study. College life is very happy life. A college students have many disers. But we see in an other hand in other hand many other student those who comes in college but they are not happy like other students of college. They have many disers but their disers cannot fulfill. they disturb in their study. There is different causes. The first problem is that, they are poor. That's why they have no beautiful uniformlike other children. They have no money like other children. But they are found of study. They are very bright student and very intelligent student but they cannot use for their mind. They always remain in tension. That's why they gets jobs to continue their study. That's why their mind is not only in the study. Their health becomes weak. Job's creat disterbeness in their jobs. Government should help those student. It is the responsibility of government of the student.


To some extent we can say that part time job is necessary for college students and to some extent it is not right. Sometimes part time job is necessary. Firstly the children in developing countries from poor families cannot study. Their parents cannot afford their study and college expenditures. Secondly, the poor families are normally very large and the bread earner is the male head who single handedly cannot meet the needs of each member. Thirdly, our government has failed to utilize state funds and resources for the uplift, education and training of the masses. Because of their disappointing inefficiency and failure to organize mass education programmes most of the people are poor and they cannot provide sufficient resources of study to their children. Therefore it is better for their children to do some job instead of leaving the study. To some extent their part time jobs are not good for them. Firstly, they find very less time for study and as a result their college results are often very poor and their purpose of study dies. Secondly, part time job often indulge them in wrong doings and they become criminals. Therefore we can say that part time jobs create many worries for students and they should be strictly restricted.


