Youth is most important part of man's life. if a young man does not fall into bad habits and work hard and have healthy activities he will be highly successful in his practical life. It is a problem of great importance as it concerns with our young people who are the leaders of tomorrow. it is the main problem facing our society. unfortunately drug addiction particularly in our country is creasing day by day. Round about 3. 9 people are addicted to this evil in which most of the people are young generation The most important thing is to create awareness among people against destructive effects of these harmful things like heroine, nicotine that have caused loss of precious people. By all possible means the t. v, the media, the press and mosque must be made to keep them away from drugs. another important things is to take strict action against these drug salers. efforts must be made to prevent the formation of habits because once habit is made, it is difficult to get rid of it. sport, games and healthy activities play a pivotal role in controlling drugs addiction among youth. Smoking has become a fashion in university and on other areas. Majority patients are victims of smoking and by smoking cancer disease and heart problems are spreading day by day. Non smokers also have to suffer from taxes for smokers patients. Safety measures are needed to get rid of this dangerous evil. more and more rehabilitation centers must be established in every city and village for their treatment. Religious education and daily prayer close link with Allah. prayers and religious education has a soothing effect and keep the drug addicts away from drugs and smoking. After giving up the habit if smoking, the smokers addict must be enabled to lead a normal healthy life and be engaged in healthy activities.


 Everything has a root cause. Root cause of smoking was with stress releasing, health problems and company of the people we have . But with the passage of time the use of smoking took different shapes. Main source of smoking are cigarettes, cigars, hukaas and now a days sheesha etc. Smoking has its various uses some do it for fun, some for their health needs, some do smoking as a status symbol and mostly don't know why are they smoking. Releasing stress is one of the main things which a smoker will tell when u ask him about smoking. To put a thing or habit in good or bad list depends upon its useage. if Smoking is done if your doctor has advised you then burning one or two cigarettes doesn't matters but it doing for sake of fun, To look cool and to release stress are just ways to satisfy ourselves. as a matter of fact smoking is a silent killer, its passive part is more dangerous rather than active one. Smoking is creating a breech in natural beauty and natural assets and that day is not far when we would have clouds of fumes and smell of nicotine as nature, if it continues on same pace.


Smoking is a very common thing. It means the use of tobacco as a habit or hobby. Some people smoke as hobby while some people use smoking as a habit. There are some people of class who do smoking just as a status symbol or as a fashion. In any case smoking is not a good thing. It is a burden on pocket as well as health. It is just equal to burning your income in the fire. So it is really a burden on the pocket. On the other hand it is also a burden on the health. It kills the man slowly and steadily who is a smoker. It directly damagers the lungs and chest of the smokers. The passive smoking is also equally harmful as well. The passive smokers also get the harmful effects of the smoking so much. In this way it is dangerous thing. The students are also doing smoking. It is very dangerous thing that the students are found doing smoking. They come for studying and fall in the bad company so in this way they actually destroy their future. In the beginning of their life they destroy theirself. There should be ban on the smoking in the colleges and schools.


Smoking is a common term used to involve in a habit of inhaling tobacco based products like cigarette, cigar etc. People start it for many reasons. First, they feel they will be relieved from there tensions. Second, they are attracted by the style of people who are smoking and start it leading to a bad habit. Thirdly, most of the people start unintentionally due to environment and are addicted later on when they can't leave it intentionally even. Smoking is lot more disadvantageous than being beneficial. Its the cause of many diseases like lungs cancer. Smoker can't run for long so he can't be a good athlete or sportsman. He feel uneasy if he does not get the addiction of tobacco at regular intervals of time. In fact, smoking leads to the addiction of chars etc. It causes complexed personality having some complex. Smoking excessively may lead to lose fertility in males and females. A regular smoker called as 'chain smoker' loses 48 minutes of his healthy life after one cigarette. A study has shown that people sitting around a smoker who are even not smoking, yet vulnerable to get lungs cancer before the smoker himself. So not only one should get away himself from smoking but also restrain ones friends from smoking to save all community. That's why it is prohibited at public places thankfully by the government. The basic component causing all that harms is nicotine. Can you drink nicotine full in a glass? That's the point, then why we inhale it?Its all about awareness and being practical. This is the reason its prohibited according to Islamic rules as well and some scholars say its haram as it's a matter of extravagancing the money, loss of health and polluting the environment.


By smoking we generally mean cigretts. To use cigretts or to smoke cigrette is all the same. Now smoking is not confined to cigretts only. People fill some highly sedative contents in cigretts and then smoke it. It might be nikoteen, coceen etc. People who smoke much are called chain smokers. In our country, smoking ratio is more in men than women. Smoking rate in pakistan was 1% before afghan war. After tha it increased disastrously when refugees came in pakistan from afghanistan through Pak Afghan border. As far as the harms of smoking are concerned, its vey disastrous for health. It can cause blood cancer, mouth cancer. It destroys lungs. It causes inhaling problems. Its harms are not only confined to health. when a smoker gets addicted to smoking, he can go to any limits. An addict can not concentrate to his work. He goes for cigretts every now and then. His family gets disturbed. incase of not financially strong people, smoking can ruin lives. There are several cases when smoker in need of money for smoking, sold their houses, after selling house holds one by one. However talking about smoking a very few people know, that it has advantages as well. Doctors recccomend some times some sedative medicines for curing. It is good only when prescribed. Some time drivers smoke while driving just tio make themselves awake and fresh. But excess of every thing is bad. To conclude with, drugs are not good for both married and unmarried. One must value the gift of health, ALLAH has bestowed to us. One must realise one's duties as a person, famiy member, a native of country, and being a muslim. One ought to avoid things that are harmfull for any of his relations.


According to a survey a life number of deaths that occur every day are due to smoking. Beside other factors smoking is the prominent one of all. Children the major target of it when children meat to college or university level they consider themselves free now they can do anything wants. Due to this free environment and looking at surrounding. They also start smoking. They found pleasure in smoking they try to show off their smoking. They smoke at least one or two packet daily just to enjoy without knowing there harmful effects. They slow out live with the smoke of cigarettes. Now a days new type of cigarettes or smoking is introduced people called them as shisha shisha is a type of huqa but smaller in size new generation feels proud on having it. They go to hotels clubs to have it. They can take it to their home or stay there and kill themselves by smoking it electronic media also play a vital role in spreading this curse. Every day there are million advertisements of cigarettes another reason for a lose no of smoker is that they are easily available to everyone. Even it is a child an anytime else they can have it any shop. Govt. should check out some role which should mention it prohibited and sale to children.


Restaurants are the recreational places, where people spend their lascivious time. They come to restaurants to have enjoyment and better atmosphere. So, smoking should be strictly banned at such places. Because at restaurants people come along with their children's and there is a large gathering. Smoking is very injurious to health. It has very alarming effects on health. It may lead to smoking cough and lung cancer. It should be strictly prohibited at restaurants. Because a smoker, along with himself if destroying health of all the other people there. As, the smoke is also very injurious either you smoke or not. It badly effects bronchitis and capillaries rounding lungs. This leading to Astana and breathing problems. Moreover, at restaurants people have food stuffs. When smokers smoke, they also inhale the smoke and effect themselves. Thus, in a way smoker disturbs other people. Therefore, such people should not be allowed to smoke at such deviational places. In this way they pollute the environment. Smoking has injurious effects. So, it should be banned. As, we are not able to control this at ergo scale, so at liege scale we should do effects. Like restaurants and other places like hospitals etc, at least on these places it should be banned. Because, in this way we may be able to reduce the number of smokers that is increasing rapidly.


Smoking us a nuisance which causes ethical and physical degradation of an individual and in long run becomes a significant reason for the degeneration of a whole society. Man has been created by God Al Mighty in the highest level of perfection. Ills smoking luring his status from these pinnae's to the abyss of degeneration, this running his personality. More ever smoking should be abolished as it is not only harms the one who carrying out this acuity but also pollute the environment and disturb the beauty of the nature. Hence smoking should be banned keeping in mind its hazards especially in restaurants. Restaurants are a public place, a place where people meet and enjoy different foods. A family place like this should not be polluted by smoking. Smoking causes an unusual and bad order to spread in the whole area, hence the people get disturbed by such activities. Hence, in a nutshell, it can't be comprehensively concluded that smoking being a bad evil should be eradicated from the society. In addition to it, not only a society but individual should get award this attractive enemy and purify the society from this evil. In short every shining thing is not gold likewise smoking should be only as a malicious thing and hence effective and measure steps should be taken to eradicate this from the roots.


Smoking should be banned at all hotels in the country. Smoking is a bad curse our country. Pakistan is a developing country but the curse of smoke has developed completely. Poor and rich both are found of smoking. Small children smoke. It is waste of money now a days young people do smoking a lot it is the cause of many decreases also which are very harm ful. It cause cancer, TB, and mouth diseases. It effects on the environment. It pollute the environment. In hotels the smoking trend is very usual which are effect very bad on students childrens and on other peoples. Other people irritate by other who are smoking. Smoking should be banned at hotels roads and whole country. The company industries who produce cigarette should be banned. The advertisement of the company should be banned. The heroes work in the advertisement should be banned. Sale of cigarette should be banned. Sale of cigarette to children is very bad. It should be stopped. In hotels smoking drinking is very usual which is very bad effect. We have to control this curse. We should work on this. Smoking is a bad curse and it should be stopped.


Smoking should be banned at all hotels in the country. Smoking is a social evil. It is curse for every society. It is not a sign of healthy nation. Any person who falls in this bad activity slowly ends his life by this own hands. It is a kind of drug. In any country hotels or more famous for the curse like smoking drug addiction. Smoking is dangerous for the health for the person who smokes. But the smoke of cigarette also affects the person who sits around the smoker. So at hotels there are many person along with the smokers who are affected by this dangerous smoke. The manufactures uses a very dangerous compound nicotine which kills are person slowly and goes in to the mouth of death. So it is important for the government or especially power full people to stop this bad activity. Especially in hotels but this step we can also give an end to many other bad activities along with the smoking. There should be less adds of cigarettes. And government should ban all the people who work in such adds. These adds make it a fashion for the other. Thus smoking can be stopped.


Smoking is dangerous habit which is taken as a Fashion in the Modern age. Smoking is harmful habit which is spread in all over the world. Smoking is made the cause of many dangerous diseases like Cancer, T. B and mouth's cancer. Smoking is allowed by the Hotel's owners, because smoking is demanded by those people who are fallen in various mentally problems. The people are free in his will and they do everything freely without any restriction. Landlord and other business men like smoking for their pleasant mood. They also used cigarette to show their status. Smoking is became a Fashion in Pakistan. New generation is also attractive to it. In bars it drives down business. Smoking is a dangerous and harmful disease for people. So, it should be banned in all public places and Restruents. Smoking makes the people dull and careless in their works. They should be careful about their health because they are builders of the Nation. Health is wealth Our Media and TV are involved for the publicity of smoking as a Fashion. Govt should take a strict action against these restaurants and companies which are involved to spread it. Smoking creates disturbance for non smokers. Smoking is badly dangerous for health. We should ban all smoking places in country; those convert this dangerous poison to our generation.


Smoking has become one of the most embarrassing and expulsive habit and problem all over the world. People use smoking as fashion in parties which engulf other people also to maintain their so call status or standard. If it creeps into a society then it makes people corrupt. It slowly spreads a poison in the society. Smoking is not a good habit because it spread pollution in environment or most important that it creates many kinds of diseases in human body like heart problem, paralysis, lungs problems and many more. If a man smokes then other people which existing around him also effects and destroy their health. In short people should avoid such kind of habits which destroy their physique or health. People have to aware about its harmful effects so that they maintain their health more easily and properly. Most important proverb is that sound mind is always in a sound body so if a person wants to lead healthy, wealthy and wise life so he must avoid such kind of bad habits to fulfill their good goals or wishes of luxurious life. If a man wants to achieve his good destiny so he should to manage his right way to achieve his destination.


Smoking is a very harmful activity. The person who can smoke can not live a healthy life. As it is harmful for the person who smoke it also give the bad effect to the peoples which were in their surroundings. Smoking should b banned in all public places. but here we discuss that it should be banned in restaurants and hotels. In restaurant when people came with their families for the purpose of enjoyment to take the meal or to stay over here. To visit this area, or some other purpose. They irritated b/c of smoking. The people who smoke can also make irritation for the persons who were not smokers. Some people were elegiac they start cough and because of smokers. They don't enjoy their meal or the purpose by whom they came and some start vomiting. Smoking should be banned in restaurants b/c it effects the whole environment and the environment of the of the restaurant to. The smoke of cigarette and shisha and some other harmful types of smoking. some will fill their cigarettes with Tabaco and marijuana effects the both the user and the people which were present in their surroundings. Some time it also causes lungs cancer. The 80% reason of the smoking is lungs cancer. From all above arguments it should be clear that the smoking should be banned in restaurants and hotels too. In this we can save the life of both the user and the effectors. and also clean our environment.


Smoking is a very harmful activity. The person who can smoke can not live a healthy life. as it is harmful for the person who smoke it also give the bad effect to the peoples which were in their surroundings. Smoking should be banned in all public places. But here we discuss that it should be banned in restaurants and hotels. In restaurant when people came with their families for the purpose of enjoyment to take the meal or to stay over here to visit this area, or some other purpose. They irritated b/c of smoking. The people who smoke can also make irritation for the persons who were not smokers. Some people were allergic they start cough and because of smokers. They don't enjoy their meal or the purpose by whom they came and some start vomiting. Smoking should be banned in restaurants b/c it effects the whole environment and the environment of the of the restaurant to. The smoke of cigarette and sheesha and some other harmful types of smoking. some will fill their cigarettes with tobacco and marijuana effects the both the user and the people which were present in their surroundings. Some time it also cause lungs cancer. The 80% reason of the smoking is lungs cancer. From all above arguments it should be clear that the smoking should be banned in restaurants and hotels too. In this we can save the life of both the user and the effectors. And also clean our environment.


Smoking now a days is a current issue in our country, Its a bad habit. It spreads very quickly. We found many people in our daily life who smoke. They are badly captured in it by using it continuously. Not only elders, majority of our youngsters use smoking. some, smoke only as a fashion, and other use smoking by following their elders, when they see their elders are smoking, they have a desire to check the taste of it. If they smoke by following their desire they badly captured in such a bad habit with the passing of time and then it became really very difficult for them to leave it. Smoking has side effects on health. Its not only effects the health of smokers it also has side effects for non smokers. Because the fumes of cigarette cause many diseases like lungs cancer, Asthma, and many eye problems etc. Smoking badly polluted the environment. The fumes of smoking are really very dangerous for all the people either they smoke or not. It is medically proved that a smoker die soon as compare to a non smoker. Due to smoking fumes non smokers also captured in various diseases, they also captured in lungs cancer by taking breath in smoky environment. The fumes of smoking also effect on our senses. It looses our taste sense therefore, we cannot enjoy the real taste of food in a smoky environment. Due to all these effects smoking should be banned at least in restaurants because people go there for heaving great meal in a good environment. So for providing good environment to the customers restaurants should be cleaned and should have smoke free environment. By doing this peoples enjoy their meal and also enjoy themselves with their friends and family members in a smoke free fresh and healthy environment. So, Smoking should be strictly banned in restaurants


Addiction is of the main problem faced by modern world. A person usually starts addiction by smoking. So, smoking could be called the root cause of all type of addiction. Young people feel prey to smoking due to bad company or other factors like joblessness, failure etc. some people start smoking as fashion but then it is very difficult to leave smoking. Smoking is very injurious to health. According to research it is the cause of lung cancer ultimately causing death. It is also said that a cigarette reduces the average age of a person. Cigarette smoke contain nicotine which is equally harmful to the person sitting beside the smokers and do not smoking. Smoking has a large number of side effects. It is very harmful for the non smokers as many people are allergic to its smoke. Smoking is not allowed at many public places but people do not follow the rules and smoke. For example, at college or university level smoking is prohibited but the student keeps these restrictions beyond and smoke without any fear. Smoking at the places like restaurants is unbearable as it produces allergic reactions to the young children and other people visiting the place. Moreover the smokers put the ash on the floor and dirtily the place. Therefore smoking should be strictly banned at all the places especially public places like restaurants etc.


Smoking is a word which comprises of two words smokes meaning ash. Smoking can be done in a variety of ways I e cigarettes, pipes and alcoholic drinks are also its outcome. Actually, Muslims have inherited it through west because it is not a part of our culture. As the smoke of cigarettes contains tar and cancerous chemicals which are harmful for human life. And it comes out to be more dangerous. Restaurants are the refreshment area. All the people at t6he weekend want to get tide of a heavy and tough schedule of their life. For this purpose they make their way to restaurants, parks etc. People go along with their families and have fun. But now the restaurants have turned to some thing else. People come with their families and kids to relax here and eat some thing different, have a fresh atmosphere. But now the situation has turned to another picture because now a  days restaurants are occupied by smokers, condors etc. They destroy the atmosphere of restaurants. Not only they smoke laughed spoil other people's mood. Smokers ash contains dangerous and harmful chemicals containing tar and canirogens which cause cancer relating cheeses. These diseases may as a result of inhalation of even a minute amount of coinages being ambulating bit by bit since times. There they not only effect their own lives but also become a reason of other's lives disturbance.


Now a days most of our population is involved in the dangerous habit of smoking. The people who are unaware of the dangerous of carcinogenic aspect of smoking are mostly involved in this crime. These drugs are not only dangerous for the health but also for the people and living beings of the environment. The people of our society are generally involved in smoking. This is not only common in the poverty stricken areas but also in the society of highly organized people. Even the well educate people are seen involved in the pursuit. Now a days smoking is common in restaurant which is fatal for everyone including the person involved in this. It pollutes the environment and the several kind of food placed in restaurants. These kind of people are very annoying in the restaurants. Due to the smoke of cigarette, the delicious taste of their meals are destroyed and all their fun for some auspicious event is admolished. The smoke is also harmful for the asthemic patients. Hence, the parents and elders should be aware of the hobbies of their youth. Most of the youth of our total population is captured in this habit due to bad company. Hence, everyone should have proper check and should follow the rules and orders of restaurant and smoking should be strictly banned at restaurants.


Everything has some advantage or some disadvantages. Its disadvantages cannot be written in few lines. It has worse effect on our health and society. Smoking or drug addiction is very common now days. Even youth has fallen to smoking. Smoking not only affects the health of the smokers but also people sitting in the his/her company. Ingredients that are used to make cigarrate injures to health. Smoking damages our lungs badly. According to science smoking can be a cause of cancer. Smoking damages our wind pipes and lungs badly. There are many contents in cigarrtes that are the main cause of lung cancer. Smoking also affects our mantle system. People do not like to sit in the society of smokers, because someone said, A man is known by a company he keeps. Many people think that smoking can reduce our tensions and by smoking we will feel happy. But it is wrong. Smoking is just bad for our physical And mental state and nothing else. Habit of smoking has ruined many good families. Parents feel ashamed when they see their children smoking in front of them. Therefore habit of smoking is not good. Smoking is the main cause of liver damage, trachea blockage and even lung cancer. In short smoking has many disadvantages and one should keep himself or herself away from smoking.


Smoking is something very dangerous for human beings. It causes many problems. Especially it causes lungs problems and chest cancer. The pulmonary system of smokers is defected and largely and ultimately it brings a smoker to the domain of death. So the questions is why people are addicted to this bad and vicious habit. Smoking is some thing which generally people start as a fashion. For example if a person is inspired by some VIP, actor or some political leader, who is smoker, he will definitely adopt his habits as will start smoking. In the beginning this would be just a habit. But after that it would become his need and he would be unable to live without it. He will be addicted to other smoking and dangerous problems. The ultimate result would be dangerous and it will cost him money and lost of physical and moral life. So smoking is some thing very dangerous thing. That's why it is necessary to ban smoking in restaurants and public places. People get inspiration to smoke. People also get passive smoking with harm them. They do not smoke but they are harmed by the smoke of cigarette. Govt. should ban smoking at public places.


Restaurant are good place for people to take peace and happy. Restaurant is public place, people of ever mode earn went to restaurant to eat meal and enjoy. Pass time with happy from fore routine of every day life. But anywhere smoking is bad thing. It contain many disease like cancer etc. in restaurant people smoke and disturb the other people which have allergic with smoking. They pollutant the environment of restaurant. On other hand smoking cause serious problem for restaurant. For example there are laws in garden which are well decorated with light in high in one burn the smoke and threw the stick with fire on electricity which many cause serious damage. Smoking should be banned in restaurant. In many restaurant there are poster on which cigarettes is smoking is banned but people do not obey it and smoking continue. Now in these days smoking becomes a fashion. The boy of college makes party at restaurant. And smoking is good fun for them to enjoy this party. It not only disturbs the enjoyment of other family but the people of restaurant. And damage the restaurant. The people which disturb from this activity should not come again and in this way the level of restaurant become low and it became famous for smoking.


Some say smoking is a bad habit. I say it is only the preseption standard of good and bad only shone as what we have striven to overcome. Handworkers are also smokers, nickotene keeps a man concentrated. I myself cannot a smoker, yet I am not deadly against it. When people say smoking should be banned at all public places. It is harmful for our health but people do not want a temptation around them. We should give people liberty to choose whatever they want to. We should be strong and should have enough in us to resist temptation. In a way we would be tempting the temporer. In conjested places smoking should be banned and smoker's themselfe should have awareness. So they do not cross the boundries of patients of the peoples. If restaurant is not often air restaurant then smoking should be banned or if there are too much smokers visiting the place then aware of particular place take necessary steps to facilitate those people. If restaurant is open air restaurant then and there is enough space to breathe without nicotine, then smokers must do their job because there is no harm in it. basic thing is not ban but awareness. To create a system where people are aware of their rights and have liberty to choose. Banned places means dictation and a steps towards and of liberty. So anyone responsible for smoking decision, must think twice when are take a steps.


Smoking is very injurious to health. A man who smokes is very dangerous to his health. It causes diseases in lungs and cause cancer. Once a person addicted to smoking it's difficult to stop him from this bad disease. Smoking is a bad habit. If a person has a bad company of friends he also become a bad person and does bad habit like smoking. Some people smoke when they are in tension. People face the other people to smoke. Cigarette contain nicotine, tobacco, carbon monoxide, tea which destroy the lungs and respiratory system. College boys also smoke and no one stop this bad habit. It is very difficult to get out from this situation. Now a days people smoke very much. No one should stop. Government should out on this situation. Government should realize the people about bad habit of smoking. In Pakistan smoking is very popular and no one should recognize that it is dangerous for health. Islam provides the best to stop this situation. Medical research has make careful to the people about smoking is very dangerous to health. All people know health is wealth. Hazrat Muhmmad (PBUH) said that people to ignore all drugs this make man destroy. Smokers are free from all thing they are free from jobs and families are destroy. Smoking should be banned in restaurants because it makes the bad environment. Restaurants are sealed if drugs are sales from there restaurants. All the society should be avoid about the smoking. A person who sale he should be arrested. Then we will make Pakistan batter from all these evils.


The word smoking is derived from the world 'smoke'. The word smoke is not restricted to somethings but it has very negative effect not only to human beings but also to the environment and their surroundings. By prounouneation of this word the main issue of not of our society but of this whole world arises. The word smoking is attached to all the drugs e g opium, cigarette, nicotine etc. smoking is also a type of drug which is injurious to health. When a person start smoking then with the passage of time it become its habit and it becomes difficult to avoid it. Smoking is very injurious to human health. Because it is a type of drug which not only effects the health physically but also mentally. A smokers is not much efficient then other and cannot even perform its daily activities. The effect of smoking is not only destroy an individual man but it is also damages the society and its sorroundings. By continuously smoking a man can become patient of cancer or bronchitis like serious diseases. By keeping in view all the above effects of smoking. It should not only banned to be done in public places like restaurants, bus stations but also individually. By smoking in restaurants a person is not only spoiling himself but also people around him with serious diseases and they can also become adductors of it. so, government should make some law to punish those smokes and avoid spoil themselves and not to pollute the society.


 Smoking is on the increase in Pakistan. Young girls and boys of colleges and universities fall an easy victim to it. Smoking is not a new thing, it has been in practice for centuries. A person who is a victim of smoking can not avoid it. His habits of smoking increase day by day and he smoking even on those places which are not appropriate for it, smoking in restaurants is one example of it, same people start smoking in restaurants which is a place for eating and drinking. Smoke of the cigarette pollute the atmosphere of restaurant. Smoking also disturb the other peoples sitting in the restaurant and their meal lost its taste. The use of cigarette harms the physical and moral facilities. It effects our lungs, hearts, kidneys. It causes T. B and cancer. It relieves our depression for a short time and gives us temporary pleasure. Smoking should be banned in restaurants to clean the environment. It should also banned to maintain public rules. One reason to Bann smoking is that it disturbs other people who dislike this activity. If government banns smoking in restaurant then our society shows good manners and ethics, and it would be the sign of civilized society. Smoking must be banned in restaurants to protect oue eating hall from pollution. Smoking should be banned because it creates bad impression among innocent children's.


Smoking is a type of addiction. A person who starts smoking because addict of it. Now a day a member of people has become victim of it. It is a bad habit which is injurious to health. It causes many diseases which are very dangerous. A person becomes addict of it due to a number of reasons. Firstly, the common reason which is seen now days is poverty. A person in difficulties smoker to feel relief from the difficulties and troubles. Firstly he starts to feel relief and gradually, he becomes a victim of it and he can never have this bad habit until proper treatment in given to him. Many people due to poverty and become victims. Secondly, the will power of a person contributed, a lot in adopting this bad habit. The smoke of cigarette contains very harmful and dangerous particles which can cause lung cancer in humans. By using twenty cigarettes in a day, every one year of our lives is reduced. Those people who are habitual of smoking, they only want to escape from the difficulties in their lives. In restaurant the smoke of cigarette spreads and the nicotine produces lung cancer. Many people effect that comes here. This fact is destroying our new and young generating. In restaurants and coffee shops many young smokers also come and after smoking they start making mischievous and their presence effects the families who come here. People do not fell comfortable in their presence. So government should banned on smoking and drinking in the restaurants, tuck shops and such types of public places. Therefore in order to save them, smoking should be banned in restaurants.


As it is well known smoking is ingenious to health'. A smoker pollutes himself and his environment. People near are also badly affected by its smoke. Smoke causes great damage to hangs and it cause hangs cancer, not only of a people who is smoking but also on persons of its surroundings. Therefore, contact with smokers should be avoided in order to save ourselves if we are non smokers. Cigarette contains tobacco which has liege amounts of disadvantages. Smoking should be banned in restaurants in order to save people from its bat affects. These all are the public places. At these places, if smokers come, due to smoking other people who are eating these are disturbed. Smoke is not only hatful for smoker but also for other people living around him. This smoke contains toxic and handful substrate like nicotine which is toxic for human health. In restaurants and coffee shops many young smokers also come and after smoking they start making mischievous and their presence effects the families who come here. This fact is destroying our new and young generating. In restaurants and coffee shops many young smokers also come and after smoking they start making mischievous and their presence effects the families who come here. Therefore smoking should be banned in restaurants.


Smoking is injurious to health. It is caused by cigarette. But thing to know what is smoking cigarette is produced by dried leaves of tobacco and when the cigarette is burned the smoke is produced. Of course we know that smoking has no advantages it has adverse disadvantages and at the present age it is the more common in new generation. Some new generation is also consider it as a fashion. This is mostly spreading by the bad companies of friends. As we all know that one fish pollutes the whole river in the same way one friend due to his bad habit delivers its bad habits to his friends. Some young people are the only sole breeders of their family. The friends mostly gathers at the restaurants and do smoking. It smoke spread every where due to this smoke some people which do not take smoking also become ill, because it is medically prove that if the one person take smoking the other people sitting around him also become ill. So it is necessary to be banned in restaurant. It can cause series disease such as lung cancer. Our government should take accounts on this serious issue by launching seminars, through media giving the information to people and realize them that how cigarette is dangerous for life more over cigarette making companies should be banned to make their country free from cigarette smoking.


Smoking is a very serious problem faced by all the Muslims and other developed countries in this age. Many countries cannot stop this bat habit due to lack of sources and there are also many countries that cannot stop this disease in spite of many sources. On the whole we can say that this is so bat habit that it is very difficulty to stop it but the government and many departments of humanity are trying to stop it. Young boys and girls have fallen prey to this nefarious habit. Those young generation which is supposed to be the useful part of society, is being destroyed by this habit. Ultimately it results into the destruction of states and countries. The smoking can be called a root of all types of sins. It results in increase number of dacoits, criminals in the society, ultimately resulting to corruption and destruction in society. This smoke contains toxic and handful substrate like nicotine which is toxic for human health. In restaurants and coffee shops many young smokers also come and after smoking they start making mischievous and their presence effects the families who come here. This fact is destroying our new and young generating. . In restaurants and coffee shops many young smokers also come and after smoking they start making mischievous and their presence effects the families who come here. People do not fell comfortable in their presence. So smoking should be strictly banned in restaurant & other public places.


The first thing that comes to the mind with this word is cigarette. but the cigarette is not only thing that is included in this but the cigar that was thought sign of high class till some decades ago huqqa that is still commonly used in our villages and most of the things like that are included in this category. It is said that one cigarette lessens one day of its user life. The tobacco used in the cigarette when inhaled it ruins the lungs create kidney problems and also causes heart problem for its users. Tobaccos is such dangerous thing that is not only effects its user but also harmfully effects the secondary users that are not using it but inhaling its smoke from surroundings. Everyone knows that it is dangerous for his health but still tobaccos companies are attracting the people by giving heart capturing adds on TV and their customers are increasing largely every year. It is said by its users that is gives relief and set out of tensions for some time but what they will do when this time ends? At last they have face the problem and use of these drugs not only damage the health of a man but also creates lack of confidence lack of will power and makes a man is run from each type of problem. Except all of these being Muslim we forget the Hadith Extensive use of which thing causes senselessness its use in small quantity is also prohibited.


People come in the restaurants for amusement and enjoyment. They come for heaving healthy food in a healthy envoirment. Smoking is a serious issue of time nowadays. Its smoke is very dangerous and harmful for our health. Tjis smoke which contains many anti health chemicals and are responsible for lung's cancer and other disorders related to breathing system. So, it shows that it is very unhealthy activity. In restaurant, there should be healthy atmosphere. All should be clean and pure. So that people come there again and again for having comfort and enjoyment and a healthy bread and butter. But smoking is really injurious to health. It smoke not only effect the person who is having a ciggerate but also to the person who is sitting near to him. This smoke mined in air and air becomes polluted. When the people sitting in the restaurant are breathing they take in that polluted air and as a result their lungs are contaminated with this harmful smoke. This is what smoking is giving, nothing but only cancer and other infection. So, I agree that smoking should be strictly banned in restaurants so, that health of people can maintained and their life can be secured.


Smoking is a bad habit. And unfortunately this is also becoming a habit of our society. The number of smokers especially in Pakistan is increasing day by day. And it is an alarming situation for every one of us. The youth of our country is one of its highest. It is injurious for our health. Smoking has very adverse effect on our health. Many people join the smoke additive people become of their bad company. When they become inhabitant of smoke they gradually turn into a drug additive person which ruins the whole society. He cares for nothing and lives in the world of fanatics. Restaurant is a public place where many people come for enjoy themselves and to eat delicious food. They come with their families look for finding a good environment there. Now days we often see that many people in restaurants are smokers. They are smoking there and are polluting the environment. They are disturbing the other people contently sitting in the nice place for pleasure. The just behave friendly towards the other people. Therefore smoking should be banned in restaurant because it is not only bad for the health of the smokers but also for the other people sitting at that place. The reason is that the stander of that restaurant would become low. And nobody would like to go such places where smokers are sitting and polluting the environment. In this way the economy of restaurant will decrease day by day. Families would not be able to come in restaurant for the sake of pleasure. Hence, the after effect of smoking is very disastrous whether it is done on road or in restaurants. And it should be banned in restaurants and at other places. Because without leaving this habit our country can't progress.


It is said that a healthy body has a healthy mind. One cannot perform his or her duties unless he or she is fine and fit. Smoking is one of the growing curse society. it has destroyed so many lives. It is very injurious to health. A smoker gets so many diseases at a time by using even a single piece of cigarette. A research has told us that a smoker can affect his or her surroundings more than his or her self. One of the component of a cigarette i.e. the can spoil the lungs user. Cigarette is declared totally carecinogenic. it can cause severe lungs cancer along with respiratory paralysis and other diseases. The habit of smoking is much more popular in youngsters. They take it as a joke but eventually evaded up with a habit. The company of our youngsters is responsible for the development of that habit. The research of who told that the percentage of smoking people is different for different wintriest. But in Pakistan it has reached to an alarming situation. The young generation of Pakistan is indulging in this bad habit. Different countries have taken different measures to avoid this situation. In china the Govt. ordered to kill all the people that are involved in smoking. Similarly all the other countries are also taking strict precautions to avoid this situation. Not only the young generation woman and man of different countries are also habitual to smoking. our Govt. is still not aware of the alarming situation. The Govt. should have to take strict measures to save Pakistan from this curse. new laws should be made and imposed to stop smoking. The young generation of every country is the builder of the nation. A nation cannot build strong enough unless her builders are strong. for making our builders our future leaders strong we should have to save them from this curse. Because among these people there is our Quaid_e_ azam and Allama Iqbal.


As we all know that smoking is very injurious for the health of human. And it is produced from cigarette, which is very common not only in other countries but also is Pakistan. The smoke of cigarette contains very harmful and dangerous particles which can cause hung cancer in humans. By using twenty cigarette in a day, every one year of our lives is reduced. Those people who are habitual of smoking, they only want to escape from the difficulties in their lives. Or, some people make this thing, to use cigarette, a fashion. And this is due to the bad company of people. Or sometimes only they have hobby of using cigarettes. But question arise that whether they smoking should be banned in restaurants or not. Smoking should be banned in restaurants be cause smokers will use cigarette and inhale smoke as well as those people who are sitting in the restaurants, enjoying their meal, will also inhale the polluted are. So, they is a danger, that those people may also get lung cancer. So, in short smokers should not allow to have a cigarette, so that they can use them. Or they should be banned from smoking in restaurants.


The word smoking comes from smoke smoke comprises of many harmful gases are injuries to health of a person. A person moves gradually towards death when he starts to smoke. it is a proverb that bullet kill immediately and cigarette kills gradually. Now a days our youth in getting very attracted towards smoking. They think of smoking as a status symbol and fashion. When they see any of their friends smoking a cigarette with style they get impressed and starts smoking then it is very difficult for him to quit it. He becomes addicted to it without thinking its side effects. According to scientific research's the cigarette smoke consist of nicotine. Nicotine is a very harmful compound which starts to damage our lungs. Due to smoking a person can have cancer or tuberculosis which is almost incurable diseases. Smoking should be strictly prohibited in ever aspects. Everyone should take responsibility to eliminate this curse from our society. Steps should also be taken at Govt. level to eradicate smoking. It should be prohibited to smoke at public places. Sale of cigarettes should also be discouraged by taking these steps we can eliminate smoking from our society and can have a healthy future.


Smoking is very big problem now a days. Smoking word deriued from the smoke and there meaning are inhealing the smoke inside. And become addictive of smoking. This is introduced by Amrecia. Now this thing is common in all over the world. Specially in Pakistan and other Asian countries. This is the one type of drug but this is less harmful drug as others like heroin etc. In our Pakistan this is spreading very ripidly. Every person of age is including in this habit. Children and teen age are very big. They pushed in this habit by the bad company and bad people. Some people used just for fun. But many of them used for the relaxation of mind. Smoking is very bad habit among people. And this left very bad impact on life of people. This may causes the many incureable disease like mouth cancer, stomach diseases, T. B and other breath problem etc. Our Gov. should must take steps to end this bad habit from the root. And they should must bounded smoke making company and arrested those people who are responsible for this bad habit. Otherwise this bad habit ruined Pakistan and life of the people of Pakistan.


Smoking is very big problem now a days. Smoking word derived from the smoke and there meanings are inhaling the smoke inside. And become addictive of smoking. This is introduced by America. Now this thing is common in all over the word. Especially in the Pakistan and other Asian countries. This is the one type of drugs but this is less harmful drug as others like heroin etc. In our Pakistan this is spreading very solidly. Every person of every age in indulging in this habit. The children and teen agers are very big. They pushed in this habit by the bad company and some bad people. Some people used just for fun. But many of them used for the relaxation of mind. Smoking is very bad habit among people. And this left very bad impact on life of people. This may causes the many incurable diseases like mouth cancer, stomach diseases. T. B. Our Govt. should must take steps to end this bad habit from the root. And they should banded on smoke making company and arrested those people who are responsible for this bad habit. Otherwise this habit will ruin the Pakistan and life of the people of Pakistan will be destroyed.


As we are trying to make people aware of dangerous of smoking but it will take time. So, let them take. We can't stop the entire smoker from smoking but we can limit the harmful effects of smoking on secondary affects by allowing smokers a specific place where they can smoke. Mostly evenings are spent outdoor in big cities where people go to the restaurants enjoy having a coffee, taking treats from their friends, enjoying talk to their families. As the restaurants thrive with crowed so smoking should not be allowed there. If it is possible then a compartment for smoker should be made in those restaurants where people go off and on. Smokers should be responsible for caring others life. If they smoke they should show that only they smoke not others. People are likely to have adverse effect of eating in smoking group. Now smokers inhale the smoke and equally get disease or effect by sitting in Smokers Company. To sum up smoking should be not allowed in crowdedly areas especially restaurants, trains, busses. This would make a nation healthy and strong so firstly we have to uproot smoking and discourages its advertisements that smokers should be discouraged of smoking by them to a particular area in public places.


The craze for smoking is increasing in Pakistan very rapidly. Even that all the smokers know the side effect and disadvantage of smoking. And now its becoming too fashion. Mostly the young guy age of 18 used cigarette for look of stylish and becoming fashionable. But they are not understood properly the side effects. Its too seen that a physically and mently a tired man use cigarette for relaxation of mind, and he nervously desire for it. but in actually it effects our mind adversely. Now I come to the point. Now in a day's trend becomes to do lunch, dinner in restaurant. Most of male goes restaurant for meal. As we know all of that the smoke of cigarette is too bad for our health. Even we did not smoking but the smoke of cigarette badly attacks on our health. During eating meal at restaurant often people used cigarette after meal for digest but in actually they calling their death. And by this smoke other people those are mealing over affected. Its reason for cough and flu. And the kind of 15 desive for smoking I think its banned in restaurant.


Smoking is serious problem all over the world. But question arises what is smoking? It means taking of drugs at regular intervals without knowing its consequence. Our country is one of those countries which is suffering from this a lot. Our youth gets involve in it by the time when they should improve their habits and behaviors. Their thinking is not mature at that time and they become an easy prey to in the hands of people who do unfair business. Our young generation feels very calm in mind by doing so they do not let any chance to go. So, restaurants are their favorite place to so but due to their smoking other people in restaurants also suffer from its smoke which is allergic to them. Such who do smoking are affected by cancer and other carcinogenic disease but this is not the end those people who effect its smoke also get allergic problem and have nearly equal sati of nicotine in their blood as in the blood of the smokers. Infect this smoking should be prohibited at every public places. Restaurant is a public place where people gather to enjoy and relax but smoke in the restaurant is dangerous for families especially for children's. So it is our public duty that smoker should not use drugs in the restaurant even if they are professional smokers. They should care for other people even if they do not care for themselves.


Smoking is harmful for human health it causes drastic effect on both the smoker and the other who is sitting near to him. it causes effects on human helth. Thw smoke of the cigrattes, heroin directly attack on human lungs and caused lung cancer, asthema and other diseases which are harmful for health. Restaurant is a public place. People visit there along with their families including children also. Food items are also cooked at reataurants. So, if people doing smoking at restaurant its smoke and germs badly effect the health of children and also effect the food items. Smokers is not able to do any sort of work, job. His mind is not working properly. When a person is smoking in restaurants or any public place, the smoke of cigrattes spread all around the badly effect the health. The smell of cigarette smoke causes nausea to other who are not the addicts of smoking. Smokers are brought to the hospitals for their treatments, they stop smoking for some days but when they leave the hospitals they start it again because they are becoming addicts. Smokers do not do any sort of good job but them become criminals and polute the envoirment. Therefore smoking should be banned an restaurants and public places because it has drastic effect on human health and also the tiny ueatuees like birds which are present around us. It should be stopped.


Smoking is very bad habit for a person or a society. It directly effect on human lungs it spread harmful diseases like lungs cancer, bronchitis, trachea blockage e. g. When a person will smoke a cigarette in a restaurant that dangerous smoke will spread on all eating foods which will be present in restaurants and when people come on that restaurant and eat that food which becomes harmful by dirty smoke. people can enter in many diseases. Another way smoke of cigarette not only harmful for a person who is smoking that dirty smoke will also harmful for those who will be present around him in restaurant that smoke entered in human body through breath and directly effective on human lungs. When some body do something new or different from others like only few peoples will take cigarette. so all of that activity will new for teenagers who never see smokers before it. They looked them with fully concentration so when they came back at home. if they get opportunity and alone in room they will trying to act like that smoker which was present in restaurant and children start smoking because teenagers have weak health and having polite parts of body so that dangerous smoke can be harmful for their health. Many women's are also came in a restaurants mostly women's don't like smokers and felt hesitation from them and can't be sit freely in front of any smoker. Smoking can be the cause of burning all restaurants are filled with furniture or large number of people present in a restaurant at a time so if any flame of cigarette lay on curtain or any other thing it cause fire and that fire can burn whole things and also effect on humans which will present in restaurant at that time. We find out that smoking in restaurant can be very dangerous for peoples so smoking in restaurant should be banned.


Smoking is an ill habit. Now a days, it is very common among young generation although its roots and spread everywhere in the world. Smoking is injurious to health. Smoking is adopted by the people to sooth themselves and relax themselves but they are either unaware of it's after effects or want to get rid of this life. Smokers actually don't care to face the reality of life and run away like cowards. Young generation is more include in this evil activity due to its temptation. Smoking cause headache, nausea etc. but the biggest and the foremost problem caused by smoking is destruction of lungs years after years. Smokers become lazy and vague. Sold bread earns become fatigued and unable to run their families. Students are reduced of failure. The above discussion clearly implies that smoking is injurious in all respects to people. But smoking in public places should be restricted especially to avoid or prevent teen ages to get the temptation of smoking. Any smokers could give firstly free of cost (cigarette) to anyone for any purpose. Secondly, the smoker produced or released by cigarette contains concingocnic materials and very harmful gases which may damage the lunges of the person sitting by him. The smoke may enter through nose and then lungs. Restaurant are the place where public come to enjoy or relax to come out of their routine and if anyone is smoking in such a place the outsiders will get a bad site children could be attracted by it and the smoke limited by cigarette could cause long lasting effect on the health of their people. People should be made aware of its effects by organizing seminars and walks.


From our childhood, we grown up listening to one particular sentence, Smoking is injurious to health. So from the beginning we have bad image of people who used to smoke. As we grow elder this image changes. I will tell you later why this image changes. Everyday 3, 000 children start smoking, most them between the ages of 10 and 18. These kids account for 90 percent of all new smokers. In fact, 90 percent of all adult smokers said that they first started smoking as teenagers. These statistics clearly show that young people are the prime target in the tobacco wars. Reason why teenagers are attracted to smoking and why my image of smokers changed is same. Media is prime cause of that thing. Smokers are pictured in a heroic way in the media. We see in movies and commercials that smokers are like super heroes that can do anything. But reality is very much opposite. Tobacco smoke contains about 4, 000 chemicals, including 200 known poisons. Smokers can develop diseases such as lung cancer and heart diseases. Smoke has an especially bad effect on infants and children whose parents smoke. Once in life everyone will agree to one thing that is Smoking is injurious to health.


Smoking should be banned at all hotels in the country. Smoking is bad habit because smoking create many types of diseases in the society for example lungs disease kidney disease cancer T B and many other diseases which make the man week. In our country so many people have do the smoking and it is not a good. Most of the youngs people have started the smoking. They do so after seeing heroes smoking on the TV. Their parents have tense about them and find a solution that how the can treat them and away them from the smoking. In many hotels we saw many youngs party do smoking. They do damage the society and atmosphere of the hotels. We need to change the youngs and stop them from this habit. We need to teach them about smoking and also teach them how the move and survival in then society and country. We should teach and told them smoking is a dangerous disease for their health. It destroy their lungs kidney and almost your body so that parent should check their children to the doctors and teach them. We should teach them that smoking create harm for the environment also.


Smoking is a habit or the part of our daily routine. Here our means a specific person who smokes. Actually what happened in smoking? I am goanna to tell you, what I knew. According to the research, the people who become the victim of smoking are mostly the teenager. They are influenced by the smoke. It seems to them, that their smoking attracts the attention of other people. They think that their personality becomes more attractive. But here the problem is those people are destroying themselves as well as playing which the lives of others because they smoke mostly in parks, restaurants. These all are the public places. At these places, if smokers come, due to smoking other people who are eating these are disturbed. Smoke is not only hatful for smoker but also for other people living around him. This smoke contains toxic and handful substrate like nicotine which is toxic for human health. In restaurants and coffee shops many young smokers also come and after smoking they start making mischievous and their presence effects the families who come here. People do not feel comfortable in their presence. So government should banned on smoking and drinking in the restaurants, tuck shops and such types of public places. It causing the death of very young people who are going to be the next Qadeer khan or Abdul Star Edhi.


It is very easy to acquire bad habits. The more we do a thing the more we like doing. And if we don't continue doing it we feel unhappy. This is called the force of habit. And the force of bad habit should be fought against. One of the most widely spread bad habit is the use of tobacco. Tobacco is now smoked are chewed by men or also by women and even by children, all the world over. It is brought into Europe in to America by Sir Walter religh four centuries ago and has since then spread every where. Latest researches now tells us that there is no good in this habit even when tobacco is not used to excess; and unfortunately it is very difficult to get rid of this despicable habit when it is once formed. In spite of the warning of danger and the effects of smoking the number of the smoker and addicts is going on increasing. About thousands of people are set to be the addicts of it and have ruined their lives. It is an alarming situation. The smoke cigarette makes them sheepish and woeful. His condition becomes miserable and unfit for all types of healthy activities. Once one falls victim, it is difficult for him to shake it off.


Smoking should be banned not only the country but all over the country. As success fully we have declared not to play cigarette commercials on tv. We are supposed to restrict the smokes to avoid smoking on public places. If we can hinder them to avoid smoking in family settings where children are usually present so question is why not in restaurants where we visit with our families. I think positive for your child or others should be same for others children individuals. In restaurants where we sit for eating drinking the dangerous smoke prevail around our food not only by breath but through our food in take. Some individuals are allergic to it and we can not agree to every one to stop smoking so its environment of the restaurants administration ban it for every person dining. Smoking is a poison who eat a person fastly. I through agree that the smoking should be banned over the country the factories where the cigarette and drugs made are should be banned. Good atmosphere is very important in hotels because these are clean and neat space. In so conclusion is it should banned in all public places and restaurants to avoid the risk of disputes and health factors.


A smoking is defined as acigarate which we inhale for our satisfaction and mind relaxation is formed from the leaves of tobacco. People smoke for their mind satisfaction when they are in tension or feel looseness. Smoking also has side effects. It can damage our lungs and can be the cause of cancer. Today through smoking can cause lips cancer. People do that when they are alone need mind satisfaction. Once they get addict it is a very through from them to through that addiction away. Some people smoke only for joy or seeing someone who is smoking and get impressed from them and starts that. And they become addict of that. Our media play an important role by smoking the bad effects or horrible effects of smoking and people were becoming aware for its side effects. And its harmful effects on health. But some people do not take it serious and face harmful effects in the near future. but as the time is passing on the smoking is becoming a part of our life especially young generation now a days feel proud to say that they are smoker. Smoke helps you to lie down quickly in graves.


A smoking ban is a controversial issue because the non smokers feel that smoking should be banned but smokers feel that a personal right to be able to smoke in public. Smoking is injures not only for smoker but also for his surrounding. A non smoker live in smoking environment is effected by smoking very seriousely. Because of this smoking should be banned at all public places especially in restaurants. One estimation show that 65% people out of those who enjoy the services of restaurants are smokers which are damaging the health of rest 25%. It means that with democratic point of view smoking in restaurants can not be banned but health conscious organizations & NGO's put stress on public place administrators to banned smoking not only for non smokers bit also for smokers & their families. There may be many reasons to banned smoking in restaurants but all of them the main reason is health of others. While smoking the smoker is putting every body in restaurant at risk. Fog of cigarettes damage the taste as well as quality of food which may lead the owner of restaurant to great loss of money & good will. This fog can get in with food of customers which will be harmful for them & ultimately it will cause of lose of reputation. Restaurants are close places containing a hall. The customers come in restaurants for feel free & to fresh themselves. Smoking fog make the internal environment very conservative in which customers can not feel good.


Very dangerous and injurious to heath habits are appeared in our society. One of them is smoking. Cigarette contains 99% notaries, and minor drugs, the major cause of T. B. It is said that by having one cigarette, one minute of life is minuses. Because of its dangerous contents, it acts like a slow poison and takes a person to painful death. It is a common at public places like bus stands, platforms and especially in trains, buses, hotels and restaurants etc. It is not only dangerous but immoral because it can irritate the other people around. There can be some children, diseased or allergic people. In restaurants mostly smokers can be seen. Many restaurants and hotels contain boards signing please do not smoke but not all of them restrict smoking or signs are rather disobeyed. Most smokers, smoke after meal. Many people in restaurants after having their meal start smoking. It pollutes the environment of whole atmosphere. Its smoke spread around, penetrates in the environment which include food contents, meals and air. A good management will never tolerate its customers to be disturbed or dejected. So, smoking should be completely banned and appropriately checked in restaurants. Smoking also causes the chronic coughing, shortness of breath, premature aging and recurrent inflections. Smoking also caused fatal diseases such as cancer heart disease, respiratory problem, kidney, lungs, liver and pancreas diseases.


Tobacco smoking is the practice where tobacco is burned and the vapors either tasted or inhaled. When people has formed an uncontrollable dependence on cigarettes to the point and stopping smoking would cause several emotional, mental or physical reactions then they have became addicted to it. Everyone knows that smoking is harmful and addictive, but few people realize just how risky and addictive it is. The question arises that although it is socially discouraged but still people smoke. Why? The reason that young people smoke is that they believe smoking is a symbol of adulthood. It is reinforced by advertisements from cigarette companies. The advertisers try to give the impression that maturity, social status, happiness and success are linked with smoking. However, surveys have shown that many young people smoke in order to cover up for their weakness or shortcomings. Many young people start smoking out of curiosity that what smoking is all about. Unfortunately cigarette contains drugs that are addictive, and so smokers find it difficult to give up smoking. Some people give reasons that why the continue to smoke are that smoking is stimulating and that it relieves tension, depression or even boredom but actually these are just psychological effects. People who need to smoke a certain number of cigarettes in a day at particular times, e. g. after a meal, have already formed the habit. If the do not smoke at those times, they feel that something is missing.


Smoking is a serious addition. It is the start of all crimes. Smoking is the first step toward heavy drug addiction. Once a person falls victim of this habit it difficult to take him out from it. Now days it has become a popular habit of the youngsters too. It contains the ingredients nicotine, tea carcinogens and the smoke produce carbon monoxide which blocks the respiratory track and causes difficulty in breathing. It causes cancer and lungs, mouth disease, carcinogens reproduce. It's very difficult to get out from this situation. No country of the world has survived from this worse. This situation can be esteemed for this present nation that in 1999 world bangle estimated cigarette sales in south Asia where 175million and Pakistan which is 10% of south Asia shakes 32% cigarette sales. Now the situation has become out of control. If we will not take the responsibilities we will be destroyed. Islam provides us the best environment in which we can live peacefully so Islam has prohibited us from such activities and the Prophet Muhammad (PUBH) said that every drug that intoxicates the mind is a case. It is sorrowful to say that even the well known people of the country are not of the present situation and the government is taking no steps and is to paying attention towards the wretched weds that have faith victim of this curse disease. Now if we will not take the responsibility we cannot stop it until every one of us will step forward to save the people. Restaurants are the place where people sit together with their families and enjoy their free time peacefully. Restaurants have great importance in the whole society but now days they have also been awarded by smokers and are showing a bad effect on the whole society. So, we should try to remove this from the society and make it a peaceful place for living.


Smoking is very bad habit. As a result of which environment is polluted badly. It should be banned every where which the restaurant is a place where people come to eat and to refresh themselves. At these places, if smokers come, due to smoking other people who are eating these are disturbed. Smoke is not only hatful for smoker but also for other people living around him. This smoke contains toxic and handful substrate like nicotine which is toxic for human health. It causes also a liege no of diseases. Those people who are habitual of smoking, they only want to escape from the difficulties in their lives. In restaurant the smoke of cigarette spreads and the nicotine produces lung cancer. This fact is destroying our new and young generating. In restaurants and coffee shops many young smokers also come and after smoking they start making mischievous and their presence effects the families who come here. Smoking should be banned in restaurants because smokers will use cigarette and inhale smoke as well as those people who are sitting in the restaurants, enjoying their meal, will also inhale the polluted are. So, they are a danger, that those people may also get lung cancer. So, in short smokers should not allow having a cigarette, so that they can use them. Or they should be banned from smoking in restaurants. Smoking is very dangerous for human life.


Where loose bell bottom pants and spikes haircut is fashion now a days, our generation is also attracted towards a notion called being COOL where putting cigarette in your mouth& blowing up its smoke with tilting lips is admired. People use it as a fashion and a passion. When someone is used to something it is called addiction, Mostly people start smoking accidentally or to show off in your friends' e. t. c. but later they are caught in habit of it. They have to smoke then for satisfaction. This causes huge wastage of money, energy and time also and hence a person becomes useless slowly. Smoking causes many diseases. Throat and lungs cancer are the most common ones. Cancer is a cureless disease; moreover medicines are so expensive that a middle class person can not afford it. Cancer is very fatal one and the organ having cancer becomes useless forever. The smoke of cigarette contains toxic chemicals which are harmful to smoker as well as people surrounding him. When a smoker blows up smoke and spread it all around the surrounding people are affected by it. Smoking causes demoralization of society. The noble person are also affected by it gradually they are in habit of it and hence it also causes decreasing number of moral persons in society. Restaurants and hotels are family places, people visit there for entertainment and to bring change in their daily bore routine. Family functions are also arranged in such places; smoking causes bad effects there and causes depression. Hence smoking should be banned in hotels and restaurants so that people can enjoy and live freely with their family.


When a man closet has a purpose in front of him then life start getting tired and bore. When his mind is surrounded by worries then he funds escape in drugs. A social economic failure leads the man to the addiction of drugs and smoking. Man smokes at first to refresh his mind but then he became addict to it. Secondly it is caused due to fashion. Many young girls and boys adopt this as a fashion and then become addict of it. Sometimes smoking enters in to life just for the sake of enjoyment but later on one finds it extremely difficulty in getting rid of it. Whatever may be causes of smoking is true that it is injurious to health and may cause irreparable loss to human life. Nicotine used in cigarettes is enough to lead a person in to death if is taken purely. Smoking cause cancer and may respiratory diseases. It can cause respiratory disorders in respiratory track and lungs. due to continents intake of smoke the red blood cells are died in it destroys immune system of human body. Beside the losses of health it is also loss of money and time also. it decreases the human efficiency and destroy the human health. at should be condemned in all aspects.


The social problem which is becoming more and more serious with everypassing day is smoking. the smoker justify smoking by saying that it help to relax their mind to release tention of life but with every passing day this thing makes their healthy worse and worst. healthy worse and worst. now a days youngsters are also becoming a part of smoking which is more dangerous for our country must be kept away from this bad habbit. smoking is the first step to the way of drugs smoker not only play with their own life but also with the people in their surrounding. govt should take hard step to stop the spread of smoking. it should not be alowed in public places school colleges universities and in transport. any person violating the rule should be punished hard to give a lesson to other people. we have to make our society free of smokers. a society of healthy and fresh people a part from healthy we are spending our wealth to get useless thing. we are giving million of rupees to companies which are taking it out from our country. So it is weaking our country, s ecnomical condition as well. So for the sake of our country and people we have to react against it.


"Smoking is injurious to health" is a very well known sentence written on wall boards and even on the cigarette box by the ministry of health. It is completely right. The smoke of a cigarette be bitter than poison. Many irreparable diseases may be occurring by smoking. some really very dangerous deceases like mouth and lungs cancer is very common in smokers. First the youngsters start it with their fellow company as a fashion or style' but soon the nicotine present in the smoke start acting with the lungs and nervous system of the body. the nervous system feels relax with it but lungs at diffected. the requirement for smoking increases as nervous system require it more and more' in the same way the lungs get defected and defected even it reaches to cancer. A part from these diseases the culture and atmosphere also get effected by it. you can see that in our culture smoking is not appreciated in common places such as railway station' bus stand' hospital so if a fellow smokes there it is against the attenuates. When the smoking goes to its stop then the requirement for nicotine and heroine also increases which lead to not anywhere but death. So we should avoid from such a bad habit which is not but the loss of money' time and even life.


The great phrase smoking kills life is true because it causes lot of diseases and infections in human body. Smoking is also a great enemy of your money. Smoking is the effect that directly brought the end of your health and wealth. A chain smoker causes with lot of problems to human body such as cancer lip cancer and lung cancer even a smoker loses his stamina. I feel myself that smoker are blind and having no brain because the box of cigarettes also contain some cautions that alert a smoker to not use cigarettes but they do repeat this bad habit again and again. Such smokers bring the end of his life wealth. Smoking is not for joy if student community is using for enjoyment or pleasures either it is wed for buffing but it all cause lot of problem regarding health and wealth. so please be away from smoking it is not going to help you to become supportive to family and make you a bad person in society even such person use cigarettes for personality grooming these all facts for false and injurious to your life. Please try to keep yourself from smoking source to death.


Smoking is a bad habit. It destroys the body of the person. Smoking gives comfortable only for short time but badly effected the body. Smoking breakdown the function of stomach and lungs. Smoking pollutes the enviorment. It makes person unconscious and diturb the mentel level. Our new generation start smoking and it effects on their and daily routine life. It is costly and destroys the families. Some poor people start smoking for comfortable then it become their habit. They want to do smoking and have no money. Then they cell their domestic things for smoking. They can not to do so for their family. They create problems for their family. If they want to get rid to smoking, it is difficult for them. Smoking is flourishes due to bad company. Bad friends force their friends for smoking. Cancer cause due to smoking. It is very dangerous disease. Many people die due to smoking. Islam avoid to smoking. Smokers become thief when they get money. They cannot do work comfortably. The health of smokers start down day by day, at last they dies. To avoid smoking we should sit in good friends. We should awear the people from the harms of smoking. Health centers appointed in every city for the cure of smokers. Before cure smokers should be mindly agree to get rid it.


Smoking is a bad habit, one who are addicted to this always remain on it. People who wanted to get rid of it but could not safe himself after taking this worse habit. Smoking does not damage's one heart and lungs but it also produces fatal effects on other people living with him as well. Government take careful steps and write a forbidden note on ciggarate box that smoking is dangerous for health, so be avoided. In restaurant should be banned a government level because there families came to enjoy and fell peace and calm, to get rid of their life's tensions and worries. Smoking is a pretending bad image to those people. The people who smokes in restaurants creating polluted atmosphere for other people, which cause harmful lungs ant throat for them also for himself. Children came in the restaurant with their families to enjoy and they were also tempted to this fatal habit, so smoking in the restaurant of one man involving and tempting other innocent people and they also involve and addicted to this with out consult of their parents. Government should take steps to avoid smoking at restaurant and other respectable places as well to avoid fatal disease and tempting others.


Now a days we see a lot in the newspapers and over the t. v. channels about smoking. Everyone is saying to quit smoking. But no considerable improvement in this regard. And the number of smokers is continuously increasing every year. We need to create more awareness about smoking and warn the people about the unhealthy effects of smoking. The cigarettes contain injurious chemicals like opium, tobacco and nicotine. And these chemicals can cause the diseases like lungs cancer, chronic lungs disease, stroke, coronary heart diseases etc. And due to these diseases every one smoker out of the 5 dies each year. The people in the age range of 20 40 are more toward smoking. Males and female are almost equally involved in smoking when we look at whole world. But here in Pakistan women are less towards smoking as compared to men. Because here the women don't have much freedom as compared to Europe. On each day 1000 kids under the age of 18 will start smoking. And 1800 adults will start smoking each day. Its not all about riches but also the poors which are hardly able to manage their two time meal also waste a lot of money towards this act. In our youngsters smoking is a fashion. And media is promoting this fashion through films. Smoking not only effects the smoker but also the person who is escorting the smoker. These are called second hand smokers and are more liable to disease. Although its difficult to discard an addiction but we have to do this for our lives because nothing is more important than we are. Almost 70 pc people want to quit smoking and 40pc will try to quit but the successful persons will be only 7 pc. So its time to make improvement and to quit smoking to save our next generations.


Smoking is very common now. Now a days it is used mostly as a fashion Boys as well as girls smoke. But the strength of boys more than girls. The teenage boys can also smoke freely in the present environment. In past smoking is not very common but in the present condition it is too common. Cigarette is mainly consists of Tabcco and Nicotine. Which is very harmful for human life. Nicotine can easily spoil the lungs of human being and can also cause cancer. Which is very harmful decease. In this decease the member of cell in human body will increase which is not good for human health. It can also cause stomach disorders. Only one cigarette contain a lot of nicotine. Even the only smoke of cigarette is very danger of human life. People who smoke take the smoke inside their body which is very dangerous for them. Even the people who do not smoke but only sit near the people who smoke can be effected with the smoke of cigarette which is not good for them. So he should be sit in the clean environment. So that he cannot get any harm from them with the passage of time the lips of the smoker get black which reduce their beauty. Which is also a big disadvantage of smoking. Summing up all the matter we should be avoid of this habit.


Smoking is the biggest evil in our society, which has ruined the life of a number of people. Some call it fashion and some consider it as a status symbol but in reality it is nothing except for destroying oneself just for nothing. This stuff is full of drawbacks, we still find ever increasing number of victims of this monster. Smoking is injurious to health. This line is written on every pack of cigarette but still every one ignores it so well as if it isn't present over there. A number of deaths take place every year due to smoking. Smoking causes lung cancer, it damages our lungs creating difficulty in breathing leading to suffocation and ultimately death. It also causes lip cancer, the teeth and the inner cheeks are also affected. Due to which a person is unable to eat or drink leading to a miserable life. People who are in contact with the smoker, also get contaminated due to the smoke it causes. These people are called passive smokers and this type of smoking is also very dangerous. According to a survey it smoking reduces ten years of human life, the remaining of which aren't less miserable enough. The teen agers are mostly influenced by the habit of smoking. If not controlled smoking might lead a person to take drugs and other disastrous effects.


Smoking is one of the curse of the societies. Like other evils none of the countries of the world is save from smoking. It is becoming a sign of fashion. But some of the illiterate people in their bad companies used to smoke just to pass their time and talking through the nights. Youth has adopted smoking just as a fun. Education places are providing best conditions to do so as there is no check and balance. However smoking should be avoided in public places like restaurants. Smoking is very dangerous for one's health. Its smoke also effects people breathing smoker's smoke. Restaurant are dinning places and should not be used for such purposes. People along with their families in restaurant find difficulities in their visit. It should be banned for teenagers. The sale of cigarretes should be restricted. Media can play an important role in prohabitation of smoking. Gaurdians and parents should keep an eye on their children that they may not fall in the curse of smoking. Seminars should be conducted for public awareness. Those who had fallen in hell of smoking should be convinced and awared to leave it. advertisement of smoking materials should not be so attracted that unawared immature youth got attracted towards such bad and injrous habit.


Smoking is very common in our society. Smoking is a very bad habit at mostly people like smoking. Smoking is very injurious to health. The main purpose of smoking is to end the health of a person. Smoking is a very bad habit. There are many disadvantages or demerits of smoking. Some of them are discussed under: Smoking destroys the whole life of a person. Smoking destroys our nerve cells. It is injurious to health. It destroys our heart system. It destroys our mental level. It damages our nervous system also. As, it damages our whole cells of the body. It damages our mental ability. People who are the user of smoking destroy the whole society. People who are user of smoking cannot leave this bad habit because they are the user and they cannot live without smoking. Smokers are very bad person. They left a bad impact on society. In Islam, smoking is a very bad thing. Islam lays great stress on smoking. So, its our moral duty to root out this bad habit and make our society a happy place to live in. Smoking is the habit of Europe but now in Pakistan it is very common. So, we should help smokers in many ways. We should guide them in a proper way. We should tell them that this is injurious to health. We should slowly guide them not quickly, because they can understand slowly. Smokers considered a very bad personality in the society. People hate to sit with the smokers. When they know that this is the way of smokers.


Restaurants are public places for common people to coming and enjoy themselves. Peoples are coming here and take dinner, lunch. But any where smoking is a bad thing. It is very dangerous for health. It in convert the air pollution and the disease like cancer increases day by day. Smoking at restaurant is a very coward thing. Restaurants are public place every one is come here most of the people are smoker. The smoke of the cigarette is dangerous and came most of the diseases. Every kind of the people come in the restaurant. The people who do not smoker there peoples are disappointed here and there are illness. More ever the cigarette destroy the other thing like plastic sheet on table. The fumes of cigarette palate the around us. It's smell is very bad and peoples are hated this who don't use the cigarette. It is necessary to reduce the smoking in restaurant,. Because it is a public place and every one is come here most of the people are not liked the smoking. So it is the duty of Government. Government should be based on smoking in the restaurant. Smoking should be banned on restaurants peoples are fully enjoys here with families.


First of all this habit was introduced in America. When Columbus discovered it. Then this bad habit spread all over the world. Smoking is a bad habit. It is not only dangerous for the people who are addict of it but for all people who live near the smokers. People hate the smokers and do not like to sit with them. Smoke of cigrate effect the human respiratory system badly and cause langs cancer. Respiratory tract is fully destroyed and they become permanent patent of serious diseases like cough. Actualy some college students adopt this as fashim and then become addict of it. For this perpouse they tell a lie with their parents to get more money and if they to get money then the become angry. They behave like mad people. It effect the nerves and nervous tissues of a person. Smoking is also the wastage of money. A lot of money is spend for this bad habit. A developing county like Pakistan can not afford much money for this purpose. The overall society in which this habit is in fashim is a diseased nation. The Youngers of this nation are not able to defend their nation or country. They are mantly upset and can do nothing. So, as a nation we should try to root out this habit from our society in want to live like a notin. Becaue it is also banned in islam.


The smoking is very bad habit. It is addiction to take the smoke of tobacco in the body through various means. The most victim of this bad habit are youth people, the people of teen age or the students. The bright students are reduced to zero due to this bad thing. Sole bread earner of a family are ruined, unable to work and support their families. Therefore, some thing needs to be done for the survival and rehabilitation of such victims of the smoking, the wreck living in hopelessness, the dirty sack. Though there appears no hope of his survival but we must try our level best to get him back to normal living, to his school or college or his job. The government has set up rehabilitation centers in the big hospitals in almost all big cities for the treatment and rehabilitation of the addicts. Today the main problem which we are going through is smoking. It is spreading every where. It is increasing day by day. Smoking is a great disease. It is injurious to health. Today the trend of smoking is increasing so rapidly that if we start counting smokers then we will be surprised by their numbers. This will be disaster to live with such a big number of smokers.


Use of harmful chemicals for mental satisfaction and relieve from miseries and pains is one reason for the use of excessive drugs and narcotics. Among many ways of attaining mental balance smoking is one of them. It is very sadly stated that not only the old age people have become its victim but the students at school and college level are also addicted to it. Now a days the trend of smoking in hotels, restaurants and public areas have become very popular. This not only damages the health but also destroys the claim atmosphere of these areas. Restaurants are the places where one goes for relaxation, spending time with one's family, having lunches, dinners with friends, family etc. But smoking in these places disturbs all the actuaries suited to these places. Restaurants are a symbol of healthy atmosphere, where one can go and have delicious dishes to eat. A person forgets all the tensions and worries of his day work for some time and enjoy his food but smokers in these places upsets their plans. And rather enjoying there they get bored and become rid of these places. The Government should pay serious attention to this problem and smoking at public gatherings especially restaurants should be banned. So, that people go freely to these areas for enjoyment purposes and for eating healthy food.


One of the major problems that the world faces today is the rapid growth of smokers. Smoking is the inhalation of the smoke of burning tobacco enclosed in cigarettes, pipes, and cigars. Smoking rate has recently risen to billions. More than 400, 000 deaths in the U. S. each year are from smoking related illnesses. It is said that smoking a single cigarette decreases ones life 10 days. Smoking is one of the most difficult addictions to break. It is estimated that cigarettes are more addictive than heroin or alcohol. According to the WHO, smoking kills more people than any ailment in the world. Most people who smoke do so because they can't stop. Nicotine is a highly addictive stuff that makes people feel thrilled and attentive. It only has the dark side and it is a fact. Smoking harms not only the smoker, but also family members as well as all people around you. Smoking directly damages the lungs of a individual, causes cancers, heart strokes etc. etc. The mixture of nicotine and carbon monoxide in each cigarette you smoke increases your heart rate for the moment and blood pressure increases. It also causes environmental pollutions. Young generation just starts it as a fun with friends and very soon they are addicted. It is the need of time to stop such a hazardous addiction. The only solution to this problem is prohibition by government and awareness programs to save young generation.


Smoking is one of those habits which are increasing day by day. Smoking means intake of chemical present in cigarette. Smoking is very common now days. Smoking is common worldwide. People are unaware of disadvantages smoking carries with itself. There are many poisonous chemical in cigarette which can cause lung cancer and many other fatal diseases. Tar and nicotine are the chemicals used which damage of lung and cincerean cells. The mucle which cause abnormality in the sore throat are damaged and are dead so that a person can never be having sore throat and many of illiterate people think it an advantage but they don't know that they have lost their important cells. The mature people are addicted by them but with that young who are not even about 20 years old are getting addicted by this. And is new very common in boys and also in some countries even in Pakistan. It is common in girls too. Smoking in restaurants should be banned because the smoke affect the person sitting alone them. Restaurants are the public place not one's own property so that he can do what he want to those sign boards which tells us that smoking is not allowed but the people around disobey the rules and regulations forgetting that they are spoiling only their life but also the life of the people around them.


Smoking is very bad habit. As a result of which environment is polluted badly. It should be banned every where while the restaurant is a place, where people come to eat and to refresh themselves. At these places, if smokers come, due to smoking other people which are eating there are disturbed. Smoke is not only harmful for smoker but also for other peoples living around him. This smoke contains toxic substances like nicotine which is toxic for human health. It these diseases mostly respiratory diseases and diseases belong to the lungs are common. It should be stressed by administration of restaurant that it is a place of public, gathering where people comes to eat. So environment of such places should be healthy so the people can eat in clam. But if the surroundings or environment of eating place is filled with smoke. Particles present in smoke are only causing different diseases by entered directly in to the body but also spread on food. When people eats in that environment than they suffering from many diseases. Smoke is not only affected the person who is smoker but also affected the surrounding people. Smoking is very dangerous for human health. So, restaurants should be banned at restaurant, restaurant is a place at which people come to eat. Unpleasant environment of restaurant affected the healthy persons.


Smoking is one of the many social evils. Smoking means smoking of tobacco. Many young man are in the grip of the habit of smoking. Tobacco was first brought from America to Europe. Later on, Sir Walter Religh introduced tobacco and smoking in Europe. Hookah smoking was known to the eastern kings, the physicians used it as a cure for stomach trables. Now, smoking is one of the most popular habit. Cigarettes have are seen in the mouths of even small children. The young boys are poisoning themselves. They are destroying their health. It is very sad sight. Tobacco smoking is very injurious to our physical health. The pulse of a smoker beats faster. His nerves are excited. Smoking weakens his vital organs permanently. The smoke effects the wind pipe and the lungs. A smoker suffer from cold and cough. They get bad and the dirty teeth which cause other disease. Eye sight and the digestion are damaged. Dead smoker get heart trouble. In this regard, Baizoc, a famous French writer, justly said Tobacco destroys the body, attacks the intelligence and ridicules nations. The French writer was aptly right when he said these words, it really kills the peoples and the nations. May God save us.


Every man has its own perspective view regarding to smoking. According to me it should be banned in all public places and in all restaurants. Because the restaurants are those places where the people comes and take relaxation and enjoys drinking eatings and smoking and etc. But smoking is very bad habit and has very dangerous effects on human health. But there is the thing that should smoking be banned in restaurants? I think it depends on the owner's of restaurants. Either they permit it or not. But one thing should be in our mind that numbering of flint areas of smokers are increasing day by day. Number of smokers have been increased. In 2005 there were 27. 6 percent smokers, and in 2007 there were 31. 1 percent but yet there are 71 percent. According to scientists say that it should be banned. Now there are some main reasons due to which smoking should be banned. One thing is that restaurants are the public places. Where the different kinds of people and families comes with their childrens for enjoyments. And at the same time there are some smokers and non smokers also there. When the smokers smoke then the non smokers are exposed to do the same. Which is very bad thing. Passive smokers are exposed to smoking. This also a big reason that's why smoking should be banned in restaurants. Families comes there with childrens and childrens are exposed to do the same. This is also a reason. All the restaurants will stuffy due to smoke. There will be no fresh air in restaurants, which is very harmful for human life. Then the people will suffered in different kinds of heart diseases. Protect the non smokers from smokers. Non smokers can suffer in different kinds of disease like nausea, due to the absence of fresh air in restaurant. That's why smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Due to all these things smoking should be banned in all restaurants.


Smoking is an act which people are doing as a fashion and also to pass their time. Smoking is very common among youth. Student of college are smoking to just show off themselves. People also smoke because of having some tensions at their home and business etc. But as a whole smoking is injurious to health either it is done in restaurant in cafes. Smoking in restaurant is bad habit. As is restaurant people are there with their families and it give bad impact to their children. Either smoking is not done by a person but its smoke is still injurious for him. In restaurant, people are there with their families to enjoy themselves but this type of bad atmosphere is not good for them. But people there may be allergic to these and this smoking may cause discomfort. Due to smoking people become ill. This cause damage to their lungs as well as person sitting beside him. So as a whole, one should avoid smoking in restaurant and other places. Also people are smoking due to bad company. Also the advertisement of smoking must be banned that people should not be influenced by them. Smoking infect, itself is a bad habit. A person from respectable and noble family would avoid such a bad habit by which other are affected. In the end I would be say that smoking should be totally banned in restaurant as it cause much damage.


Tobacco companies kill their best customers very well said by someone. Smoking is hazarllous. It is mentioned at very packet of cigarette but still many people are addicted of it. Cigarette is made up tobacco leaves which contained nicotine when this nicotine is inhaled it because it causes cancer asthma and other nasal and throat disorders. Doctor says that a cigarette a day harms you as much that 5 days of your life are lessened. What is the reason behind that still people of every age old young even children without discrimination of gender are chain smoker?? Of other side of picture is considered cigarette is controlled amount refresh one's mind it excites nerves to excitation state and man can world out for longer period of time. This is the only advantage if smoking while disadvantages are more peace and severe it not only harmful for health but it also causes air pollution and waste money. It is more dangerous for children for the same reason world health organization has banned selling cigarettes to children under age of 18 years. So it can be said included that although smoking is fashion but it is more haizardcual. Now it is our responsibility to aware people who are addict to it and ignorant of its poison.


Smoking is very dangerous for health, as it can damage your lungs. Due to the infection of lungs, aspiratory system also greatly affected. Its smoke is very harmful and can be infectious not only for the smokers but also for the peoples around them. We can evaluate how harmful it is even from seeing the packets available for smoking, description against smoking that it should not be done and it is harmful for life and its great effect on life has been given on it. It's a kind of drug, once you become its victim it's difficult for the person or the adductor to get rid of it. It's a bad habit that becomes permanent and not possible to throw it out from the life. As it is harmful for the people's health so it should be banned at restaurants. Peoples went to restaurants for eating good and healthy food and many take smoking as a fashion but because of the bad effect of smoking food don't remain healthy, as its smell and smoke get included in the food due to which people got ill. Smoking is a major factor that effect health and life greatly. It's important for the sake of people's health and life smoking should be banned at least in all the restaurants.


It is very popular habit through out the world. People of every corner of the world like it, smoke it and even chew it. Even men, women and even children are addicted to it. The history of smoking was started as early as 5000 BC in shamanistic rituals. With the arrivals of the Europeans in the 16th century, the consumption, cultivation, and trading of tobacco was quickly spread. Tobacco is most commonly used for smoking. It is smoked, inhaled and even chewed. Initially it was used for medical purposes in the form of hookah. For gas troubling patients, Doctor suggest them hookah. But the passage of time it spread and the other people also strat using it in the form of cigarette Smoking has many dangerous effects on human health. It produce different disease in the smoker such as heart attacks, strokes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), emphysema, and cancer (particularly lung cancer, cancers of the larynx and mouth, and pancreatic cancer). Cigarette smoking is also the number one cause of bladder cancer. It is said that daily about 3, 900 kids between the ages 12 and 17 start smoking. The number of smokers is increasing daily due to large advertisement by cigarette producing companies. The world Health organization (WHO) should took step of it and should banned on all cigarette producing companies.


Restaurants are public places for common people to come and enjoy themselves. But now a day it is becoming a source of content with much disease. E. g., restaurant infection, cancer & etc. These are many factors infecting but one of them which is playing an important role is Smokey atmosphere. The fumes from cigarette consist of many toxic component which causes many cancer gimmick diseases & as well as damages the fissures of brain. These flames spread all over the atmosphere and pollute the aria. Any person who come in contact with this atmosphere acquire the dangers of become ill. In this way the persons around the smokers are equally at risk to become ill. So smoking should be banned at restaurant & public places to avoid the damager of getting serious diseases of lungs as well as oesophagus. One of the most dangerous components of cigarette nicotine found in its smoke which destroy abilities of a person. In this way people particularly our new generation who frequently visit restaurants & public places found the damage of being ill. That's why smoking at restaurants should be banned. And also in this way we can also avoid our atmosphere to be polluted.


Smoking is a bad habit. It is very dangerous for the health for human beings. It causes many diseases. It causes cancer, kidney disease and many mouth diseases. Smoking should be banned because it is harmful for their body. Nicotine in alcohol damage the lungs, blood, cells and cause cancer and in Pakistan it is a major reason of cancer. It is a kind of drug a person can indulge in many bad activities through continuous smoking. Lungs and kidneys fails and stop their work. Through smoking every age of a person become less. Smoking should be banned at all public places especially in hotels in the country. In hotels many youngsters indulge in smoking it becomes and enjoyment for the young generation to smokers. parents must check their children so that they cannot adopt smoking. If they have bad habit parents of those childrens consult their doctors. So that can get rid of this bad habit. Tobacco use in smoking is harmful pregnant woman. So smoking should be banned at all restaurants because dawn fall is start from this areas people become addict and at least lose their life because they have no treatment due to some time lack of resources. So government should be strictly banned in those companies create smoking material and restaurants that buy it and sale other.


First of all effect of smoking on human being will be explained. as everyone knows that smoking is harmful for any person. It causes various diseases in which lungs cancer and asthma are included. Secondly people who are drug addicted cannot leave it easily. Our society have very strange attitude towards smoking young boys thought that they look charming while smoking although smoking is harmful for them and they knew its well but looking hand some is more important for them then their health. its not due to illiteracy but due to goofiness more over cigar is a status symbol in our society and sign for elite class. There is no a single benefit of smoking anyone who take one step to it will take 2 steps towards it and gradually lead toward faun alcohol act. Smoking is also haram in Islam because many other bad things start from it and it's the rule of Islam that nips the evil in the bud. so Islam do not give permission for it further more the things which cause harm for humans beings Islam do not permit those things and smoking is one of them. a person who is habitude of smoking mostly have very unbearable smell in his mouth while he talks other people feel bad and avoid to take him again. So gradually he lost his good friends and become alone. this thing made him feel up from life and he lost interest in his dressing food and family and sometime comments suicide smoking always harmful for human beings in any foam it dial not give any benefit to anyone except the owner of tobacco companies so the benefit of a nation more important than a single person so the Govt. of employer should completely banned tobacco companies if any Govt. do so then I think it was blessing of Allah on that country.


Restaurant are the public place for people where they eat and relaxed place where the whole family get to gather for enjoyment and also for eating, not only for family but also for the young generation and all type and all class. There are no discrimination of race soing is the bad havbit rather in road, offices or any other places. It is very dangerous for health it increase the all pollution and the disease of cancer are increases day by day. Smoking at restaurant is a very ocword thing. People who somoes I resturent damage the environment of rasturant. Other people who are also presnt in the restaurant are safucatd from this atmosphere. Smokig how a day very popular in young generation. They eddiet an donot feel for others where ever the other dilike this habit and the other children student, young child are also present I the restaurant the fashion of smoing pat very bad impact o them ad smokig show the illmannered personality that the smoer have no atticate. At last smoking is very bad habit. It is not dangerous for a person who smokes but also fir the other who are present arewd him. Smoing cause serious diseas in the life of person and also ruir their lives. Smoking can be leave due to deletnuation.


Smoking is rapidly increasing in the world. It is a bad habit. It is affecting whole world. Migrate, vain, drinking becomes a fashion of the day. Media and fashion industry are mainly responsible for this craze. Smoking should be banned especially in restaurants because they are public places. People come here for enjoyment and spare their time with friends and family members. The teenagers also come here and they be attentive to the smoking and their minds and thoughts also effects. So they start smoking, and live in the world of fantasy. The feel happiness and joy. In restaurant the smoke of cigarette spreads and the nicotine produces lung cancer. Many people effect that comes here. This fact is destroying our new and young generating. In restaurants and coffee shops many young smokers also come and after smoking they start making mischievous and their presence effects the families who come here. People do not fell comfortable in their presence. So government should banned on smoking and drinking in the restaurants, tuck shops and such types of public places. So the people can enjoy because the presence of smoker affects them. It is time to save our new generation they are spoiling and destroying their lives. The heads of family are effecting now smokers seems every where in roads, shops, coffee shops, and restaurants. There should be banned on smoking in restaurants.


Smoking is indeed a very bad habit. People of all ages like it very much. Even the young are very much fond of favorite smoking. They don't think it is a bad thing. But actually it is very harmful thing to all age people although they like it very much. It is indeed very difficult to get rid of this enjoyable poison. There are, however, some methods which can enable the smokers to give up smoking. He should keep away from smoking during his illness and should take the advantage of fasting in the normal life. He should take the light meals and the plenty of exercise and avoid all contacts with the groups of smokers. This chain will diminish his pleasure of smoking and he will smoke less. A mouth with silver nitrate can destroy a lot of pleasure of the smoking. In fact, smoking is a luxury. It is waste of money. Its use is delay injurious to human health. The government and the people should start a country wide campaign against the smoking and its advertise. Our government should start a propaganda against the smoking. Using the services of the radio and the television, film industry and news papers is good thing. Our young men should aware of the dangerous and fatal effects of smoking.


By looking at the word "smoking", we are understood that it causes so many problems. Smoking is injuries for health because when a person inhale or exhale smokes from cigarettes, cigars pipes then it effects on lungs. There are thousand of chemicals founds in cigarettes smoke, some of which are harmful to our body. Lung cancer, emphysema and chronic bronchitis are some examples of the effects of the smoking. Many people died at the early ages due to the smoking effects. It is a common experience that when we are sitting in a restaurants and someone started to smoke a cigarettes we become a second hand smoker. Therefore, I wish many times smoking should be banned in the public places especially in the restaurants. Because smoke is not only unpleasant but it is also unhealthy, so smoker not only damages his own health but also of others. A lot of people argue that smokers have their right that we are living in democratic country. And they said that prohibits the smoking in restaurants is against the personal rights of the smokers. But these people don't know that smokers have no right to become a cause of death for others due to the side effects of smoke of their cigarettes. People come with their families in the restaurants for launch, dinner and for taking meal and for recreation with their family outside from their homes. At the same time, if someone is smoking then its smoke causes to pollute the environment. It caused bad effects on the health of people while they are enjoying their meal. Therefore, smoking should be banned in the restaurants.


Famous quote about smoking is smoking is injurious to health smoking effects human health very badly. Smoking acts a person for human health. People smoke cigarettes of tobacco mostly. Some people smoke others then tobacco. Smoking acts as a poison for health. As it is a poison so how people are get involved in it. Mostly people start it has fashion. Then feel themselves superior then other people who are not smoking. But with the passage of time they feel that they achieve a mental calm while smoking. So whenever they need to eliminate any tension they start smoking. After that it becomes a habit for them. Smoking is injurious to health because the smoke affects the human lungs due to permanent smoking. In old ages mostly the smoking people are involved in lungs cancer. There are many other diseases that are caused by smoking such as blood pervious problem many heart diseases and mental abnormality. if doctors tell some person to avoid from smoking then it is very difficult for that person but he has not any other option for that. He need to abide by the instructions of doctor otherwise his diseases will be com worse and his life will become a Burdon of him. Many people leave this habit after any problem they again start enjoying their life. Smoking is prohibited at public places because other people feel unhappy due to smoke. so there is no benefit of smoking. All that has been discussed is about the losses due to smoking so any person who want to enjoy his life should avoid smoking.


Smoking is a bad habit. The smokers not only ruin their lives but also of those around him. Smoking is injurious to health, we all hear that. But no one pay attention. Although the trend is reduind but still is a serious problem. The smokers, at restaurants smoke like the way they do usually. But they do not care about those sitting around. The people who dislike smoking and consider its hazards, when go to restaurant all their carefulness goes mvain. They protect their children from these hazards all their life. But at such public places like restaurants they do not know what to do. The smokers just tags if with them. They, being shy, can't request him to stop. The smoke spread by smoking contains a lot of harmful chemicals like nicotine. When someone breathes in such environment these chemicals are also in haled. Thus, who don't smoke but dislike it are also affected by its hazards. More ever, it is an immoral art on the whole. One should behave sansably at public places. He has his domain to rule. But he can't be permitted to play with the lives of others. Thus, smoking should be banned at public places especially at restaurants.


