Some people in our society who smoke are sometimes inconsiderate of the people around them. They usually smoke anywhere and anytime they want. They do not know how dangerous it is to the health of the people around them. Second hand smokers are people who inhale the smoke of the person smoking beside them, which is actually more dangerous because you don't get to exhale the smoke that you inhaled. One disease second hand smokers may get is lung cancer. This may be the reason why people want to band smoking in restaurants. It would be very rude to smoke in a restaurant because it is an enclosed space and it's a place made for eating and talking, not smoking. Not many people know this but you have a right to breathe clean air. If you are beside a person who is smoking, you can ask them to stop smoking beside you or to just move to another place. Restaurant owners want to get as much customers as they can get, so sometimes they tend to put smokers and non smokers in just one place. But other restaurant owners are much more considerate than this. They place their smoking areas outside of their restaurants so their other customers are more comfortable. This way it won't be a hindrance to both parties. But if I were to be asked, smoking in general should be banned in all restaurants because putting smoking areas may not affect the non smokers inside the restaurant, but it may affect the other non smokers outside the restaurant. Smoking should be banned for everyone because it doesn't have any health benefits and it only affects the health of the people around us.


I agree with the band of smoking at all restaurants. Smoking is a bad habit that most Filipinos have. It will cause various diseases, symptoms and abnormalities in the human body for the very addictive. This is a good band to propose as it may decrease the number of Filipino smoker in the country. And it will also clear the air and prevent unwanted passive smoking. It is a good way to limit the smokers ' places to smoke so he/she may get rid of his/her very bad habit. And also to some who doesn't like the smell of those cigarettes, it will give them a place of haven. This will also protect them from passively smoking. Nothing good ever comes out of it, even though some say it's very stress relieving. But of course, a lot of other people will disagree with this so to prevent any miscommunication they should be given a place close for them only. The decision of a person to smoke should not affect the welfare of others. So in simpler and shorter terms, like a phrase I read from a post, "a smoker's poor choice should not affect the health and welfare of others him/her. "


Smoking in all restaurants in the country should really be banned. First of all, the main purpose of restaurants is for eating and not for smoking. Some smokers smoke in restaurants because it is their habit to smoke after meals. Some customers just smoke and smoke and do not care about the other customers. Cigarette smoke is very dangerous to one's health. We can get different kind of diseases in it. If one smoke in a restaurant, the smoke can spread there thus people will breathe and smell it. The chemicals in the smoke can also be breathed. With that, many types of diseases can be spread by this second hand smoke. It may cause lung cancer, heart disease and other respiratory diseases. Some people also get dizzy when they smell cigarette smoke. Cigarettes may also cause fire when not disposed properly. Restaurants should make a law regarding smoking cigarette. They should not allow people to smoke inside because of its effects. They should put no smoking signs inside so that smoking customers will not smoke. Restaurants can also build smoking area so that smokers can have a place for smoking. A fine may also be an effective way to avoid customer dissatisfaction.


Everywhere we turn there's someone who's smoking. Whether it may be in the open or inside a building. Smoking is even a trend now among college students. Inside the buildings there are areas made for people who smoke in order to not disturb others. Even in restaurants there are more common areas for smoking than just for dinning in. This should be banned whether they like it or not. Most people smoke but that does not exempt them from very simple rules and policies made. Why mike in a room if it's only use is for eating? It's very rude not only to the dinners but also to the reputation of the restaurant. The toxic smoke from cigarettes not only repels more customers other than reeling them in, no one likes to eat something good while breathing something foul. Others do not want to even be near a smoker, then why eat in that restaurant at all? Being repulsed by it the restaurant's reputation will go down and eventually it will close within a month's time. People don't eat smoke they eat food. Eventually it will be the owner/s of that restaurant that will have to endure all that hardships after the cause of the smokers


Yes smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country, simply because not all the people in the restaurant is smoking, it can make them uncomfortable while eating or bonding with their family or friends. Banning smoking in restaurants can attract some customers and help the owner of the restaurant to gain more money because other people likes a restaurant that has a good air while they are eating with their family or friends and by this it may not expose others to secondhand smoke and it may lessen the sickness related to smoke such as asthma sinus infections and heart attacks. In my own opinion smoking should be ban in any places simply because it is not only effecting the smoker but also the non smoker people around them may cause several pulmonary diseases like cough, bronchitis, asthma and some complications in lungs and heart. Many young people are attracted to this smoking thing because they saw it to the people around them and they think this is a good idea to do, they should be taught that it is not good to their health and other's health. I think all the elders should quit smoking to be a model to the youngster that they can still stop smoking and live a healthy life.


We all know that smoking is not good to our health. There is a lot of effect in smoking like it can cause to lung cancer and sometimes death to the person who are smoking. Not only the person that are using are affected here but also the person who are been inhaling the smoke. According to other people, the person that are inhaling the smoke is more affected here. It is really disappointing that at the age of 13, he or she already know how to smoke. Sometimes they are just influenced by their friends or they just see it to other people. So government made a rule that no one should sell cigarettes to minors. But it is not happening because there are still people selling cigarettes to minors. So when the government knew that other people are still selling cigarette to minors, they decided that If someone will not follow that rule will punished. For today's generation, government decided that there will be a specific place for a person where he or she can smoke. But if I am going to ask about this problem I will choose that smoking should be banned on a restaurant, not in only in restaurants but also in public places, for our own good.


Yes, smoking is bad for your health but this is only if you do it regularly or you smoke one pack a day or more. If you smoke like one stick per day or just when you are stressed from work, it is okay. Banning of smoking in restaurants in the whole country may somewhat be unfair to some. There are smoking lounge in some restaurants and it is a better way to solve this problem. There should be a separate area for the smokers and non smokers. In that way, the non smokers wouldn't be affected and be second hand smokers. Banning won't be the solution of the problem in smoking. Do you really expect that people will completely follow that regulation? I don't think so, maybe except when there is a heavy consequence. This still depends on the respect and responsiveness of the people around you. In our country, I don't really see people smoking inside the restaurants. I could see people smoking but outside of air conditioned places. I haven't seen anyone smoking inside the mall or wherever. Maybe smoking can be banned in some of the restaurants who don't have smoking areas, it would be the best. We must also take into consideration those who already gave effort of having smoking areas.


I think it is a good idea that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants because we all know that cigarettes can cause us a liver disease, bad breath and can weaken our ability to think. A cigarette not only affects the users but also the people near with it. It's because of the smoke coming from the cigarette that is exhaled by the smoker and combines through the air and inhaled by the person nearby. The person will gain the Second hand smoke even though it is called the second its effects is greater than the smoker. It is really important to have a no smoking policies to all the restaurants so that the cleanliness in the surrounding and even in the air remains. It also maintains the good comments of the people to the restaurants because smoking in an area makes the place like it is not a formal place. The restaurants have their own rules and one of the most important rule is to serve well the customers and to know the sayings that the customers is always right. This means that in every restaurant they need to become ready in every customer they will have. For example if their customer is a smoker they have to talk with him/her in a good manner to asked permission that they don't allowed cigarettes in their restaurant, or bring him/her in a place where there are no customers that can be affected so that there will be no problem that can be occurred.


Smoking is the act of inhaling and puffing out visible finely divided matter or vapor formed during combustion of dried tobacco leaves. Smoking just a single cigarette can cause hundreds of toxins to enter the body. Some of the toxins which are present in a cigarette stick are nicotine which is addictive and increases the level of cholesterol in the body; carbon monoxide which reduces the oxygen in the body and; tar is a carcinogen which is a substance that causes cancer which gets accumulated in lung air passages. If these are the toxins that enter your body, imagine what will happen if you smoke in a restaurant where there are families bringing their kinds, pregnant mothers and someone who has asthma. In this type of environment, if you smoke, there will be a lot of second hand smokers who will also inhale the toxins that is present in the fume of a cigarette. If a person in the restaurant has asthma, there is a high possibility that inhaling a cigarette's fume may trigger that person's asthma. Aside from that, if you smoke in a restaurant, it can also cause the second hand smokers ' cancer especially in the lungs, cardiovascular diseases, emphysema, vascular diseases and other obstructive lung diseases. If you smoke in a restaurant and there is a pregnant mother and she inhaled the fume of the cigarette, the baby will not have enough oxygen and will be born small for its gestational age. As a conclusion, if you smoke inside a restaurant, not only the smoker will get the bad effects of smoking but also the people who are inside the restaurant. So either a smoker should not smoke inside the restaurant or should go to a place where there is no one around to smoke.


Just like almost everyone else, we see people smoking everyday in almost all places imaginable. Born and raised in the Philippines, a third world developing nation, a country where the impoverished resort to smoking to suppress their hunger, I am no stranger to it. Whether it is outside our homes, near our schools, along the road, in the malls, and even outside hospitals, people smoke. Recently, however, smoking has begun to take flak. There have been clamors for banning smoking in public areas, specifically restaurants, as it is hazardous to public health – and therefore public interest. Blessed with the opportunity of education, we have learned from a very young age the risks and perils of smoking and equally important – second hand smoke. From consequences such as addiction and reduced cardiovascular endurance to possibly death, smoking and the even more hazardous unfiltered second hand smoke, clearly is not something to be taken lightly. People patronize restaurants despite their higher prices to convenience stores, fast foods, and cafeterias not only because of the usually better tasting food options but also because of the ambiance – the environment. Despite the sheer number of smokers in the country, there are also many who value their heath and as such support the notion of penalizing smoking in restaurants. This is why I believe that it is in the interest of the majority and therefore the public that smoking be generally banned in restaurants across the country, but with a few reservations. We cannot impede the smokers ' own rights. Therefore, I also believe that smoking should be allowed in select food institutions that cater primarily to smokers.


We all know that smoking is not only bad for our health, but it's also unhealthy for the people around us. Smoking inside restaurants and even in cafeterias in the country should be banned for they do not only damage the smoker's health but they also affect the other people in the environment. Also, eating in an area where people are smoking sometimes affect our appetite tremendously. Instead of savoring our food, we hastily take it all in because the surrounding isn't appropriate. With this, people may not go to the same restaurant anymore, causing the restaurant to lose a few of their valuable customers. Also, smoking affects our taste buds. We won't enjoy the food that we eat properly because of this. The nutrients of the food may also be gone after this. Most people would argue that smoking shouldn't be banned but rather they should be lessen and in time it will just go away, but I don't think the same. I think that it will never go away if we don't make an action that is in iron hands. It would make a whole lot of difference in people's lives if they are given the chance to eat at a restaurant with a great ambiance and a smoke free environment.


Cigarette smoking is dangerous to our health. This statement is always included in the last part of the advertisements of every cigarette products in the Philippines like Marlboro, Hope, Philip and others. As for me, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in our country. However, smoking should not be limited in all restaurants in the country, the selling and using of cigarettes must be banned in the whole country to avoid its consequences. Smoking can cause different respiratory diseases like lung cancer, and tuberculosis. My father had tuberculosis because of smoking. He was confined in the hospital for a few days. At first, he quit smoking but as days passed by, he just can't resist of using it again. Our family doctor has been convincing him to stop, but he just doesn't want to do it. For my dad, smoking is his stress reliever. He uses cigarettes as his outlet for his problems. According to the World health Organization (WHO), in the Top 50 causes of death in the Philippines last 2010, Lung cancer is in the 11th place while Lung diseases is in the 8th place. In order to solve this problem, the different non government organizations conducted campaigns against smoking in the public. As a student and one of the future leaders of our country, I am supporting the implementation of sin tax in the Philippines. This will help lessen the number of Filipinos died because of smoking.


The issue of whether smoking should be allowed in public places or not has been under the microscope for the best part of six years; This report revealed that people who had never smoked but who live with a smoker were 30 per cent more likely to develop lung cancer and 24 per cent more likely to have a heart attack or die from coronary heart disease than those living with a non smoker. Banning smoking in public places may seem like a drastic decision, however, personally I believe that it is in the interests of public health that smoking be banned in public places. People argue that because smoking tobacco is legal that it should be allowed to be consumed wherever they want, There are fears that the banning of smoking in public places, especially in nightclubs, bars and restaurants could lead to loss business; resulting in loss of profits employment. The response from people favouring bans was that, "as a matter of priority, the safeguarding of public health is more important than profit. " The main argument on the side against banning smoking in public places is that it would be discriminating against individual smokers. And because they're addicted to nicotine, which is present in cigarettes, the ban would be punishing smokers for something they claim to have no control over. In the perfect situation, smoking policy would be set by bar or restaurant owners, and customers would patronize the establishments with the policy they prefer. Customers would decide—without the government's help—if they want to avoid smoke filled rooms or enter them. They might even choose to sit in an area sectioned off for smokers or non smokers,. When the government starts telling restaurant owners what their customers can and cannot do, the government is overstepping its boundaries.


Third Hand Smoking Have you ever heard of third hand smoking? I hear it's exactly like smoking cigarettes, only that your cigarette is invisible. This is the new and handy technology in the Philippines. You simply just have to go to your favourite restaurants around town and you get to feel, taste, and actually smoke without having to buy cigarettes. This isn't an advertisement though. And even if you are interested with my Third Hand Smoking Theory, it won't be very amusing if you have asthma and the people seated at the table beside you is like a newly lit bonfire with all the smoke they're making. Imagine that you're sitting with your old grandma who's allergic to dust and yes, smoke. What if you're with your nephews and nieces and apparently, smoke is also, bad for them. Smoking doesn't sound too good to you now, is it? What if you have colds and the smoke is irritating you, making your nose runny? Now that is the time you 'd take a step back, and rethink your view if smoking should really be allowed in restaurants. I guess you already see my point in this. Obviously, no, smoking should not be allowed in restaurants. I really think the Philippines would be better off without it.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. There are people who have weak lungs or don't like to inhale smoke. Because there is other who smokes in those restaurants that they want to go to, they were forced to choose other restaurants that don't have smokers. Those other who eat in those restaurants won't be able to enjoy their food because of the bad smell coming from cigarettes. People go to restaurant so that they could enjoy their food but if there are smokers in restaurants they won't be able to enjoy it and instead end up having a bad experience while in it. I had read an article stating the dos and don'ts before and after eating. One of the don'ts is smoking. It state that if a person smokes after he/she eats, the food they ate won't be digested properly. That will cause sickness. So those people smoking inside these restaurants obviously, ate something or drank something and it could endanger their health. Smoking is not really illegal but it could cause sickness to the smoker and those around him. If these smokers keep on smoking inside restaurants, health conscious people would eat somewhere else where it is safe. Smoking could result to lung cancer. I always advice those smokers that I know to stop what they are doing because it might be the cause of their deaths


It is a peaceful afternoon. The place is packed with people but no one is making that big of a fuss. Menus, ceramics and cutlery patiently wait on each table top. Women in uniform lead families, friends or other kinds of groups of people to empty tables. Waiters glide from table to table some with pens and little rectangle pieces of paper clipped neatly together to take orders with while others with large round trays filled all kinds of mouth watering dishes to be delivered to their hungry customers. The delectable scent of food wafts through the air. Unfortunately it is not alone. Smoking has become a great problem in the Philippines. Hundreds of people die every day from smoking. Most of these victims are not even smokers. Those who smoke not only endanger their own lives but also the lives of everyone within proximity of the smoke. Poison and other nasty particulates enter the lungs and do all kinds of horrible messes. It is a nuisance to everyone. A restaurant is a place that offers food and food related products. It a place where families and friends can gather together to enjoy a hearty meal and each other's company. It is also where vices, such as smoking, can come together to wreak havoc on unsuspecting victims. It is inevitable that people may be exposed to these. Worst of all, some of these people are small children. Smoking should be banned in not only public but also in private places, most especially in restaurants. This will benefit not only the smokers but also other customers. A restaurant is a place of food and entertainment. It should never include smoking. If smoking is banned in all restaurants in the Philippines, the threat of death wafting in the air will eradicated.


Smoking must be banned from restaurants because it's a huge sign of disrespect and it's very rude to smoke around people you don't know. And it's a fact that second hand smoke is more dangerous than the smokers. And in fact, a restaurant is a place for eating, not to party. And what if there are people with asthma? Only a small amount of smoke they will inhale, they could die in a blink of an eye. And besides, there's a proper place for smoking. A restaurant is not a place for smoking; it's a place for eating. And there are small children's there; they might be influenced to smoke as well. Another reason why smoking must be banned from restaurants is because; smoking is dangerous for your health. Why even bother smoking if there's food around you. I don't get the point of smoking when it can harm your health while you can just eat foods because they are good for your health and it can also satisfy you as well. But you can't blame the smokers because for them, it's a way to relieve stress. And even though you are a smoker, it doesn't mean that you're bad.


Whenever I see someone smoking in public random thoughts come into my head. I wonder if they know the consequences of smoking? It's not only dangerous for their selves but also to the people surrounding them because second hand smoke is much more hazardous. When I was young I decided to write a law against smoking in the Philippines not only in the public places but in the whole country. I thought that if smoking was banned in our state the number of people suffering from lung related deceases would decrease and our citizens who were previous smokers would also save more because they won't have to save money just to buy cigarettes. Recently a law against smoking in public areas was approved here in the Philippines. It's not exactly what I opted for but it was a good start for our country but now I have realized that people usually chose not to obey the law. I had those realization days ago after our classes started. There was this place near our school where most of the students eat because food there is cheap and the only bad thing about that place is that most students stay there to smoke polluting not only the air but also the lungs of those who pass in front of them. There never was a time when I have not seen anyone smoking in that place and they are not only breaking the law passed by the government but they are also violating the rules of the school. I think that banning smoking not only from restaurants but also from all public places should be strictly implemented not only for the health of those who suffer from taking in second hand smoke but also for the betterment of our country and the good of our environment.


Public places are supposed to be isolated from smoking zones especially in restaurants. We all know that restaurants are well known places that people use to go and look forward to have a good time and eat pleasant meal. Unfortunately, all of their expectations lead to disappointments due to the odor of the smoke. Most of our restaurants and bars have no proper ventilation. This is one of the reasons some people prefer not to go there due to the smell of cigarette smoke. It is strongly uncomfortable for non smoking people to get into a bar or restaurant where cigarette smoke wafts. For instance, when family with children wants to eat out, they usually look for a place for non smokers in order not to let their children have a contact with unhealthy smoke. It is proven that people who do not smoke are the ones who suffer from the unpleasant smell of the cigarette smoke rather than those who really smoke. People should always put in mind that, restaurants are for eating, not smoking. The scientists are sure that passive smoking is very harmful for our health. In other words, smoking is really unhealthy. Banning it from public places especially in restaurants will only bring advantages. We will worry no more whether the air we breath contains nicotine. Moreover, people will now appreciate the clean air that they breathe and at the same time, they will enjoy the food that they eat even more.


Smoking is an expensive habit and it should be banned. Although smokers claim that it helps them to relax and release stress, the negative aspects of the habit outweigh the positive. It is a health hazard for both smokers and non smokers and it is especially harmful to unborn babies. Cigarettes are also addictive because of the nicotine they contain. Cigarette smoking causes a number of health problems which are expensive to treat. It is a major cause of respiratory diseases such as asthma, lung cancer and bronchitis. It also leads to heart disease. In spite of the money which the Government receives from taxing cigarettes, the cost of medical treatment for these diseases exceeds this income. As a consequence, non smoking taxpayers are forced to pay for the health costs of smokers. This is a very unfair situation. Another reason for banning smoking is that cigarette smoke affects the health of non smokers and unborn babies. Non smokers soften suffer from eye and nose irritations, allergies and headaches as a result of inhaling second hand smoke. There is also evidence to suggest that passive smoking may cause lung cancer. Smoking during pregnancy can hinder to growth of the foetus and may even result in death. Finally, the nicotine which is found in cigarettes is highly addictive. Other addictive substances such as cocaine and heroin are illegal. The fact that tobacco remains legal is an anomaly.


Smoking cigarettes in the public place must be strictly prohibited and especially to the restaurants wherein people are eating foods. This attitude is very a disrespectful to others and to the food. People must go outside and find a place which is smoking area then smoke. This is the right place. Smoking cigarettes is very dangerous in our health. It can cause fat deposits to narrow and block blood vessel which leads to heart attack. It is one of the reasons why people stroke and contributes to the number of cancer and many more. There are a lot of diseases or illness that we can get if the one person undergoes to the smoking cigarettes. As I said earlier smoking cigarette can cause of multiple diseases, what more id someone who did not smoke but he/she smells the fume or smell of the cigarette? In my own understanding about this case, secondhand smoke can cause also diseases but more than to the first smoker. They suffer to the diseases that they do not do anything! And smoker out there must know their limitations about the places where they undergo smoking. Many of our fellowmen will smell the fume of cigarettes (children, adult, pregnant, and innocent people) and they may suffer. All of us know what the effects of this cigarette are. And it must be banned and implemented to the country, Not only to the restaurants but in all public places.


I think that they should not banned smoking in restaurants in the country first of all this is a democratic country you are given the freedom to do what you want without stepping over others rights. Secondly if smoking is banned the cigarette industry in Philippines will be affected in bad way a bigger problem arises. Instead they should designate an area where customers who smokes can still smoke and other customers who doesn't smoke can still enjoy their stay. The national or the local government should help the business establishment in this endeavour because after all there are still more people who don't smoke rather than those who smoke. In that way customers will go to restaurants without the thought in their mind that they wouldn't enjoy because of the discomfort due to some customers is smoking. If there will be more customers who will go to restaurants their revenue and tax collection would increase. We all know that cigarette smoking is dangerous to our health and the government is spending millions for the subsidy for the hospitalization of smokers but banning smoking is not the way to stop people from smoking. The government should increase the tax for cigarettes and other vices and they should implement a program or seminar for teenagers because this is the stage that you want to try everything due to different reasons like peer pressure and curiosity. Once you're in to smoking it's almost impossible to quit because you know what it taste like and how it feels. You will only stop smoking once you feel its effects that's why the government should not target the smokers because it like talking to a wall because there is a little chance that they would listen.  


In today's society, a lot of countries have passed laws that ban smoking in public places, especially restaurants, because second hand smoking has been proven to be unsafe. Second hand smoke contains a lot of toxic chemicals, which are known to cause cancer, heart disease, and respiratory problems. Not only does it participate in one's body problems, it also contributes to the world's environmental problems. Some may argue that if smoking is banned permanently in restaurants, people will take it as another personal interference by the government. This is not essentially correct. Smoking in restaurants damages the public's health against their will and this could cause them a variety of lung diseases. People go to restaurants thing to have a social gathering, relax, or to simply have a quality time with their loved ones. Doing it in an unhealthy and unpleasant environment isn't necessarily enjoyable. Smokers also need to think about those people around them who are exposed to smoke, pregnant women, children, elderly, and the asthmatic. Smoking around them, in my honest opinion, is a selfish to do. If smokers want to take these risks, that is fine, but they should have to limit their smoking to the comfort of their own car or home and not in public places where the public is unwillingly exposed to second hand smoke and its harmful effects. If people want to smoke despite the fact that it's dangerous to their health, it's completely fine so long as they limit their habit where no one who is unwillingly exposed to second hand smoke gets distressed. I believe that a smoker's bad choice shouldn't affect other people; hence, why it should be banned in restaurants. Smokers already have the liberty to smoke at their own will and privacy, so I suppose banning it in restaurants is beyond reasonable.


Yes, I definitely agree that smoking should be banned, but not just in all the restaurants. Smoking should be banned everywhere, for the main reason that it is dangerous to one's health, not only for the smoker, but also for the person who inhales the smoke from the cigarette. I believe that every person should be sensitive enough and should care for other person's health, not just for their pleasure. They say that smoking is one way to ease their stress, and for them to forget their problems. But for me, cigarette smoking doesn't solve problems; it only makes things worst. You might not see it at first, but smoking kills the smoker slowly inside. One thing that should also be banned is the commercials that have something to do with people smoking. Media should be used to promote good health, and not products which destroys life. Every time you smoke, your life span shortens. Life is too short; why make it shorter? We should enjoy every moment we have to live life to the fullest and not just waste it over things that destroy us. Our life is a gift from God, so we should take care of it and love it.


Smoking is bad; it is unhealthy and reaps no benefits whatsoever. Looking around you, smoking occurs everywhere: inside compounds, outside by the street, beside a church, under a tree, and the list goes on. There have already been several campaigns to stop smoking altogether, however, most resulted in utter failure. We need to start somewhere, and that is why I agree that smoking should be banned inside restaurants. Restaurants are outlets which serve food for the hungry, and majority of their consumers are families. These families are hungry for real food, not lung cancer. Inside a confined space like a restaurant (where ventilation only exists in the kitchen), second hand smoking will occur, and affect several innocent customers. It is not only the customer's side that gets affected, even waiters and chefs are part of the cause. Majority of employees who undergo stress relieve themselves by smoking in their breaks. Smoking not only destroys the lungs, it also damages vocal chords, and dulls the tongue. I, personally, would not like a dull tongued chef to be serving me food which he cannot taste. I, personally, would not like a waitress to receive my order but reek of tobacco. There needs to be more professionalism and a change in attitude for all kinds of people. We must all respect each other's space. You cannot go barging in someone's conversation as much as you cannot go polluting your acidic smoke in public environments. There needs to be a stop to this and this is where it begins. Smoking should be banned in restaurants indefinitely.


Smoking is one of the causes of lung cancers. But why can't people stop it? I know, they'll only consider stopping when they're said to have the said diseases, caused by it. We all know that it's not only the smokers that get lung cancer, but also us. It is proven that, second hand smoking is more dangerous to your health. As a step of prevention, I think that smoking should be completely banned from every restaurant in the country. Why restaurants? It's where the most us commonly go. We Filipino's are food lovers indeed. And most of the people we see in restaurants are children. Why would we want to risk their health with a stupid mistake? We should be implementing this rule. Smoking is very bad to the health. Based on a survey made, 7 out of 10 people die every day due to smoking. Now, can we take that risk? No, we can't. Why do people even smoke? What do they get from it? Can smoking make them richer? No. Can smoking make them smarter? No. Here's one, smoking makes them an idiot. An idiot that takes his life at risk and an idiot who doesn't care about Mother Nature. In order to lessen smokers, Smoking must be banned in every restaurant in the country, not just it gives harm to the smokers ' health but also to the people surrounding them. And specially, how will you be able to eat properly and comfortably while smelling such foul and irritating scent? Isn't it a disrespect to those persons eating in the restaurant? So for me, smoking must be banned in restaurants.


The air is something that we need in our daily life. We breathe the air around us every day and every second of our life. We need this to be able to survive and for us to live. Smoking is one cause of our polluted air that makes our life miserable. Smoking is very usual to us, we see smokers whenever we turn our head they are everywhere. In some places smoking is not allowed, also some municipalities are not allowing people to smoke anywhere they just assign a spot where you can smoke. There are also some establishments that prohibit the smokers. Restaurants should ban the smokers so that the non smokers won't be bothered. The smoke from the cigarettes are hazardous to our health, smoking is dangerous but second hand smoke is more dangerous so people who will inhale the smoke is more likely to get ill than those who smoke. I agree that smoking should be ban in restaurants, especially those restaurants who have a closed space that doesn't allow the air to go out but just circulate around. They should not only ban smoking in restaurants but also in public places, because it has a great effect in our health. Smokers should be responsible enough to know where and when to smoke.


Smoking in restaurants will affect other dinners specially those children and senescence people. And it is not proper to smoke in place where foods are serving and with other people on your side. So it is just right to banned smoking in restaurants. In smoking in this place many people are harm and being a secondhand smoker tends to have more bad effect. And they should not only ban smoking in restaurants but also in all public areas. They can smoke but only in the place where no one can be harm. And there are lots of ways in relaxing other than smoking. They also use smoking in relieving stress but there are other forms of stress relieving activities. Reason for some people for smoking inside a restaurant is for their digesting food because some people said that it helps them to digest. But I think it really helps them maybe they always think that way and even though it is not true they still believe on it. Stop or making a law that banned smoking in restaurants will be useful in many ways because for me I 'm in a restaurant and someone will smoke I'll feel disrespect. For the reason that I 'm eating then suddenly I can smell the cigarette of other people and beside his is not the only customer in that restaurant.


Smoking is a practice where a substance is burned and the smoke is inhaled. It is usually done by people who are stressed, tired and needing to relax. They also smoke for recreational purposes. Smoking is dangerous to one's health, as it leads to numerous diseases like lung cancer, heart attacks and other vascular problems. It not only endangers the health of the smoker, but also those who inhale the smoke. It is known as second hand smoke. I strongly agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants across the country. Restaurants are usually closed spaces and therefore smoke from cigarettes may not be easily dispersed to the outside air. The smoke may stay inside the establishment and be inhaled by non smokers. The smell of the smoke may deteriorate the mood of the restaurant's customers. It can destroy their appetites because of the foul smell it gives and it may even distract them from eating at all. Banning smoking at all restaurants in the country can make sure that it can provide the appetizing atmosphere that a restaurant should have. Eliminating smoke from these establishments can generate approval from non smokers and may increase their revenue and customer base. Also, used cigarettes and its ashes scattered on the floor will no longer become a problem when cigarettes are banned. Along with the current ban of smoking in public places, banning smoking in restaurants will help reduce the places where people can smoke and might even reduce their overall consumption of cigarettes. Therefore, I strongly believe that implementing a complete ban of smoking in all restaurants in the country. It not only protects the restaurant's appetizing atmosphere but also take care of its customer's health and dining experience.


Why should smoking be banned in all restaurants in the country? What are the benefits of smoke free restaurants? Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because restaurants are for eating, not smoking. People in the restaurant will inhale the fumes or smoke that can affect the health of those people who do not smoke thus having the risks of acquiring diseases like the ones who really smoke. People should enjoy eating in restaurants and not worry about their health. Smoking in crowded places is harmful not only to the person who smokes but also to the people around them. They inhale the nicotine in the air that can cause severe diseases such as lung cancer, heart disease, etc. Smoke free restaurant will be a delightful experience to non smokers. They can enjoy their food with a pleasant ambiance with no worrying about their health. It will also lessen the risks of acquiring diseases that are related to smoking. Banning smoking in restaurants can also protect children, pregnant women, old people, employees and customers from the second hand smokes that can be harmful to them when inhaled. Also, being a smoke free restaurant can entice the customer to return because of the healthier environment that the restaurant provide.


Smoking, we all know that smoking nowadays became very common with men and some women. Some people like to smoke after they eat they didn't care about other people who do not smoke and can inhale their smoke To my mind, smoking in public places, especially in restaurants and cafes must be banned. Restaurants are for eating, not smoking. People who do not smoke suffer from fume and smell. The scientists are sure that passive smoking is harmful for our health at the same value. Smoking is affected to our health. For example, when pregnant woman is smoking, she should understand that her unborned baby in the womb is smoking also. Moreover, his life can be at risk. Every year more and more babies are borning ill or even dead because of the bad habit of their mothers. Undoubtedly, there are a lot children and young people in different cafes and public places, and they do not have to see how adults smoke because they always learn and get experience from them. In the other hand, we live in democratic world and everyone has the right to do want he wants and this is a freedom. In fact, everyone must respect other people's feelings and we have to cooperate with each other. In conclusion I want to say that banning smoking is necessary measure for health of nation. In my opinion, we have to prohibit advertisement of tobacco on mass media and parents have to explain the damage of tobacco to their children. We all are responsible for future of our generations. Those countries, who had already forbidden smoking in public places had done a big step forward, compare to the countries who have not done it yet.


Smoking is one of the worst habits an individual would have. It is commonly known that it is hazardous to our health as well as it gives disadvantages to our environment. Smoking does not only affect the smokers but it even gives more bad effect to the non smokers. Smoking has become very common and fashionable, especially among young boys. It is a must that smoking be banned from all restaurants because as we all commonly know that smoking is dangerous to our health as well as in our environment. It also gives improper ambiance to the customers and even gives lost appetite to the customers. We know that, restaurant is almost an extension of our house, wherein, there are children that gives allergy to them. It also affects the cleanliness both air and the surroundings. As others inhale the emission of the smokers gives more harmful affect to those who were able to inhale it. Actually, in some other areas of our country smoking ban was already imposed in all public restaurants. Despite the warnings given by doctors about the ill effects of smoking, people continue to smoke. Smokers are addicted to it; they cannot refrain from picking up a cigarette and puffing away. Some youngsters smoke for the sake of society and would make them appear liberated. As a non smoker, I see no any advantages of having a habit of the subject except of gaining big taxes by the government. By imposing huge taxes to the manufacturers, means a high price of cigarettes. If the price is high, not all individual can afford to buy. So I think the best way to control if not eradicate smoking is to make the price very high where in not all individual can afford especially minor ages where smoking habit is being formulated.


Ever since, we people are very informed as to the damages that smoking can cause to our body. Because of these damages, when someone smokes, approximately a minute is lessening from his life. When one smoke, it does not only damage their body but their entire system. In fact, the drawbacks of smoking are much more harmful to the people who can inhale the smoke than to the ones who are actually using the cigarettes. This is why I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants in general. Restaurants are supposed to be kept clean and appealing to the customers because it is where delicious food is served. Just think of how you will feel if say, you are eating and suddenly someone smokes beside you. The food that was once sumptuous to the customers will be less appetizing. Moreover, I think that owners should implement a non smoking or smoking free environment in their restaurants for the customers to not be tempted to smoke anymore. Also, they should also be very strict in implementing the rule regarding NO SMOKING so that others will not use it as an excuse to smoke all they want when they are in a restaurant.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the county. Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country so it will be much safer in our environment. It will also benefit the smokers who will stop smoking and also for the others that do not smoke. Smoking should be banned in all restaurants so the customers can breathe easily without getting suffocated by the smoke of the cigarette being exhaled by the smokers. If smoking would be banned in all restaurants in our country it would be better for the food because it would be cleaner and much safer to eat because smoke has different particles that can cause the food to be dirty and spoiled. If the food is clean it would be safer for our health because the food we will eat is free from any smoke substance. If smoking would be banned in all restaurants it would lessen the habit of the smokers to smoke therefore it would also benefit them. If smoking will be banned, it will lessen the person who smokes. If smoking would be banned in all restaurants in the country then everybody will benefit from it because you can breathe freely with fresh air without being suffocated by the smoke of the cigarettes.


The sentence 'Cigarette smoking is dangerous for the health ' has been told to everyone. It has been spread out using cigarette packs, commercials and posters, yet people still continue to do the act of smoking. Also, although scientists have proven that cigarettes contain tar, nicotine and other substances which make smokers addicted to them which in return cause lung cancer and other sicknesses, people still continue to smoke. People usually smoke in open areas, but there are also some who smoke inside enclosed areas such as restaurants. Despite the 'No Smoking ' signs inside restaurants, some smokers still smoke within the vicinity; they ignore the signs even though the signs were specifically put up to prohibit smokers from smoking inside the restaurant, especially when there are other customers eating their meals. I have once experienced eating inside a restaurant when a group of customers started smoking in front of the air conditioner. Never liking smokers, I was not only furious at the group of customers, but also at the manager and staff of the restaurant. I was infuriated at the group of customers because they were sitting in front on the 'No Smoking ' sign, yet they did not only choose to overlook the sign, but they also chose to disregard the emotions of other customers. As for the manager and staff, I was exasperated at them for they could have told the group to immediately stop smoking because the group was polluting the air while most were still eating and by their nonchalance of the group's decision to disregard the clear sign. To sum up, I believe that smoking should be prohibited inside restaurants, because the smoke does not only pollute the air which dirties the food, but it also causes lung cancers for smokers and inhalers of second hand smoke.


Smoking is using a small cylinder stick that created numerous surrounding issues. In our society today, it is already a proven fact that smoking may lead to different health problems. It is also observed from research and experiments that second hand smokers tend to be more susceptible to graver health related risks. A law has already been implemented in the Philippines wherein people are designated smoking areas, especially in public places. Therefore, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country, whether is a fine dining restaurant or an informal one. First of all, restaurants are places for food consumption. And these places must always be maintained for them to be clean and neat. On the other hand, cigarettes contain many different chemicals that may contaminate both the food and as well as the bodies of the diners. As mentioned a while ago, second hand smoking is more dangerous in terms of its health effects. As a result, people may obtain these chemicals into their bodies. I also strongly discourage assigning smoking areas within the vicinity of restaurants. The reason behind this is that the chemicals from cigarettes may travel inside the restaurant and reach the food and the people eating. There may also be cases where the restaurant owners will be held responsible for the diseases their customers may obtain.


Even though smoking has been proven to harm people's health, numerous people continue to do it. This is probably because they have been hooked to the thrill of smoking. They do this everywhere on the streets, in the mall, outside buildings and inside restaurants. However, when one smokes, he not only harms his own health, but the health of other people as well. When one smokes, he inhales harmful carcinogens which can develop lung cancer, heart cancer, emphysema, tuberculosis, and numerous other diseases. Although they may think it only affects them, it has now been proven that secondhand smoke, or the smoke that they exhale, is just as harmful, if not more harmful than the smoke they inhale, thus affecting the people around them. The primary excuse smokers use when they smoke is they have a right to do what they want. However, in doing what they want, they affect the right of others to clean air. Must ten suffer so that one may have pleasure for five minutes? Since many people are turned off by the smell of cigarette smoke, they choose to go to places which do not cater to smokers thus affecting various struggling business owners. Is this fair that the poor business owner suffer for catering to one smoking customer? As a solution to this problem, I propose that smoking be banned from all establishments not only will it promote business, it will also promote a healthier s


A Minute of Heaven and an Hour of Hell The health problem brought by smoking is not a new issue for the most of us. We were flooded with news and reports dealing with the harmful effects of the use of cigarettes. Also there had been innumerable protests and undertakings launched to prohibit smoking on public places. And now, with the calling to ban smoking on restaurants all over the country, I am now ready to take my part. I do agree to ban smoking on all restaurants in the country for the following reasons: First: restaurants are public places and smoking on public places entails hazardous effects not just on the smoker himself but also to the other people on those public places, because even non smoker might inhale the smoke produce from the use of cigarettes, which as we know, brought several lung diseases. Second: it is very disrespectful and ungentle to smoke while other people are having a good time in their lunch or dinner. Third: restaurant is a place for people to eat and not a place for people to smoke. Banning smoking on restaurants might also lessen the number of people who suffer from lung diseases caused by the different chemicals contained even in a single stick.


Smoking is very bad for one's wellbeing and health for the reason that it causes various types of cancer and it greatly harms vital organs in the human body. This type of vice is hazardous for it kills. It only not harms the smoker, but also the people surrounding him or her. Nowadays, many people smoke. Even at restaurants people smoke. In my opinion, when it comes to people smoking in cafés and bistros, and for the act of smoking to be banned in those places, smoking should be banned. Smoking must be banned in restaurants because even though restaurants are ventilated places, second hand smoke is still a danger. Not only smoking causes bad breath, it gives off pollution to the environment and to the eating place. Imagine people smoking in five star restaurants. It is not only a smelly place, but it can be a place of death since the people inside are slowly killing one another through first –hand and second hand smoke. Yes there are specific places in restaurants where you can puff cigars and smoke. But in my own perception regarding this matter, bistros, cafes and restaurants, would be a much safer place for children, teenagers, and adults, even senior citizens, if smoking will be banned in those places, smokers will be forced to not smoke and they will be more considerate to those who are not smoking. Moreover, smoking is not just a silent killer in the society, but a bad diversion to citizens. Many hazards and warnings were already given to the mass for a long time yet numerous people still dwell on smoking. In the end, I will still depend on the people if they will follow and ordinance or not.


Smoking may be a tradition for centuries or even millennia for many people around the world and that tradition had reached the Philippines. You can see smokers in most of the places you will go in Metro Manila. It is alarming that even our country has a law that forbids people from public places like streets, malls and restaurants there are still many who are doing it. If there should be somewhere in I want to totally ban smoking cigarettes, it would be in restaurants. I chose restaurants because the air is not circulating that much unlike with mall which is a larger place and unlike streets where it is open space. Also, in the restaurants, the people are sitting there for a long time so they would be exposed much longer than the people who are just passing by in the mall and streets. If the government could not totally ban smoking cigarettes in all places in our country, I would just ask them to ban it in restaurants. This is just an iota of what should be implemented but this is more possible in our country and somehow make a positive effect. I would like to see small laws that are implemented rather than the big ones that are just written.


Everybody knows how smoking can affect our life. But still, lots of people are still addicted to it. And if there will be a law about the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country I will 100 percent agree. It is one way of helping those chain smokers to stop their bad habits. It also helps other people who don't smoke in preventing their healthy lifestyle. Most people didn't understand how dangerous smoking is. They don't mind the odds of getting sick as a result of smoking. Although smoking is a very difficult habit to break, still it's your choice. It's your responsibility to choose whether or not you will continue to smoke. Banning smoking in public helps lessen the smokers in one country. By doing this, we are helping our mother earth in avoiding air pollution. Remember that quitting is probably the most important thing that you can do for yourself. Never forget that your life is at risk if you continue to smoke. Quitting smoking may be one of the difficult things you accomplish in your life, but remember, it may be the one thing that saves your life! So start living a healthy life now. Quit smoking before smoking quits you.


The first thing that comes into our mind everytime we hear the word smoking is the fact that smoking is dangerous into our health, but still there are so many people who are smoking and can't control theirselves to stop smoking. When you ask them why are they smoking their usual answers are to relieve stress, part of their hobbies, they can't live without it and they consider it as their needs, smoking is a way to keep their weight under control. Others believe that a cigarette helps them relax when they're stressed out because of schoolwork, dating problems, or family pressures. In fact as time passes, large population of smoker are increasing, maybe there's no way to stop smoking that's why we should find more alternatives or places that smoking is totally banned like restaurants. Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants because the fact that all kinds of people go there, they can inhale the smoke that can cause them becoming sick. We all knew that the smoke that comes out in cigarettes can be harmful into our health. Even if some people are not smoking but as they inhale the smoke of the cigarettes it can be harmful for them.


We all know that smoking is very dangerous to our health. Do you know that Secondhand smoke is three times more harmful? It is dangerous when a person is constantly exposed to it, but just one exposure can be dangerous to people with pre existing conditions. According to research, many countries have already banned smoking in public places like malls and restaurants. That action gave good effects to the health of the citizens of their country. Here in the Philippines, I think we should also ban smoking in places like restaurants. There are several reasons why we need to forbid smoking. First, Secondhand smoke in an indoor area has higher concentration than outdoors. Indoor areas with smokers might suffocate other non smokers. Many people might complain if that happens. Second, it may lead to serious diseases like asthma, bronchitis, cancer, emphysema, etc. Long term exposure to cigarette smoke leads to long term ill health effects. Many store owners agreed to ban smoking because they want to protect the health of their customers and employees. Even though, it might have a bad effect to their profit, the physical condition of the people should be their main concern. Their customers with pre existing conditions might deteriorate their diseases and lead to unwanted results. Third, it encourages other people to quit smoking. Many people enjoy smoking while eating and drinking liquors, if the restaurant forbids smoking, they will be force to stop their habit until they finish eating. Banning smoking in a small public place is a stepping stone towards bigger and greater purpose. If all customers, employees and store owners cooperate and participate to this agenda, lesser people will use cigarette. And lesser smokers will lead to lesser harmful diseases. So let's spread the good news to other people. Ban smoking and have a healthy lifestyle.


Smoking kills. Don't they ever read the government warning even in a pack of a cigar? Smokers just don't listen. Smokers really are examples of a non tremulant and careless people. They don't care about what's happening in their system especially in their lungs. Despite that the government raises the price of tobacco to discourage people from smoking, smokers still continue to be a loyal fan of this habit and often waste their earnings just for cigarettes. Some governments had recently set up a law against smoking in public places, pub's, and some other places like restaurant. Would you rather breathe the smoke that's causing pollution or breathe the fresh air coming in your way? Some people hate to inhale the smoke from a cigar especially when eating a delicious food or sustenance from specialties of other restaurants. Smokers enjoy smoking to relax and have a peace of mind and to a greater degree, when that restaurant has the music that soothes and relates with your mood. Well, aren't they concern about the people around? You wouldn't even enjoy eating. Probably they will move to other spot just to evade the smoke. Besides that, owners will worry about their chairs or tables being burned and damaged by a simple stick of cigar. Indeed, smoking in restaurants must be banned. On the outcome of restricting smokers to use a certain place like a part of the restaurant, smokers will shift to another place causing them to smoke less frequent in restaurants. Having a cleaner, healthier environment especially in a restaurant will have a better cycle of the place and helping to boom the industries.


Smoking is very common nowadays. You see smokers basically everywhere. And restaurants are no exception. We come to restaurants for one thing—food. That is our main goal but not the only thing that matters. There are other factors such as the ambience, service, environment, etc. that adds to a great meal. Now if smoking's allowed in the restaurant's premises and cigarette smoke's everywhere, wouldn't you lose your appetite? Personally, I find cigarette smoke unpleasant. And having to unwillingly smell this foul stench would be aggravating. Most especially if you're in a restaurant trying to have a good meal but is ruined because of the smoke coming from another table. That's why smoking should be banned at all restaurants in our country. It may be hard to do that since there are lots of smokers in the Philippines but it is possible. Smokers have the right to smoke but non smokers also have their rights. The smoke from the cigarette is spread easily thus, non smokers are affected even if they don't want to. Our main purpose in going to a restaurant is to eat. If someone smokes in a restaurant, we will lose our appetite and most probably leave. Now smokers should respect that. There are places designated for smokers and that is where they should smoke and not in a public place where other non smokers can be affected.


Smoking was never beneficial in ones ' health; this may lead to lung cancer to not only the users but also the people that surrounds them. The restaurant is for the public where the rich and the poor may interact. It is also the place where people can smoke freely. Morally speaking smoking in a public place is definitely shows no respect to others. Health wise smoking would greatly affect the people that surround it. For me, smoking in Public places like the restaurant must be banned for it shows no positive side in using such thing that would affect the people. The smokers who do not follow the law must pay the consequences. They must undergo seminars about how smoking can affect the life of many. They must also be fined with proper amount. Violators who didn't seem to learn and continuously do such action must be placed behind bars. The seemed law may seem to be too harsh for a minor mistake but a person would only learn if they don't learn it the hard way. They will continue smoking in public areas until someone like the authorities would confine them for their own actions. Smoking only leads people to sickness.


Smoking is said to be very dangerous to your health. But why they are still buying this kind of product so called cigarette. Cigarette is a tool used for smoking. There's something in this cigarette that causes a person's addiction to smoking. Some cannot even live without this. They smoke 1 pack or worse 3 packs a day and how come that they are still selling this products? Many people are unaware of the risks that smoking have. Especially in restaurants, they sell these kind of products, where people eat their meals. They shouldn't sell cigarettes or smoke inside a restaurant because maybe the food would be contaminated. We Filipinos should avoid smoking in these areas. The Philippines should ban all restaurants. It is not healthy for people to eat while you see others are smoking. Restaurants are supposed to be a place where we can relax, breathe, and enjoy while eating but because some restaurants allow smoking in some areas eating in a restaurant has become very dangerous. So we have to protect our people in our country. We should stop this kind of things that makes peoples life miserable. Smoking is a no no for any eating areas especially restaurants.


Smoking in public places such as restaurants is inappropriate for not only themselves, but everyone around them. Though there are some restaurants that has smoking/non smoking areas, I believe smoking should not be allowed where others are trying to eat their food and enjoy themselves. Smoking in general is very unhealthy for you, causing many types of cancers, dental health and many more, and it can damage someone else's health by smoking near them. Some cases show others who dealt with second hand smoke have had serious health problems, such as heart failure and breathing problems. When smoking in a place where people are eating, it can be such a distraction. Eating your food and all of a sudden smelling the cigarette smoke, losing your appetite. Smoke can travel far, and for the ones who are non smokers will notice. Children are in most danger of this occurring. When young children are exposed to second hand smoke, it can really damage them internally, and may face harder health issues when they are older. Smoking in restaurants also can effect its employees. I don't believe they enjoy taking someone's order and having intoxicated smoke in their faces. And they may work there all the time, being exposed to smokers everyday, and damaging their health little by little. I personally will not enjoy working where customers can smoke in their corners while others eat. Smoking in restaurants should not be an option. They should get rid of smoking areas and have the restaurant not allow smoking inside at all. If others want to smoke, they can go outside, simple as that. Even better, they can start to quit, saving themselves from horrible side effects. If our country got rid of smoking areas in most public places, it can save others from effects it brings on non smokers, and maybe encourage smokers themselves to quit.


Imagine sitting in a restaurant unable to enjoy your meal because of the smoke coming from the table of others. Banning smoking in public places should be completely done by the government. Banning smoking in public places isn't just a question of taking away one group's freedom for the benefit of another; it is something that is in the interest of people as a whole. It comes down to a decision between the health of a whole nation versus the freedom of a minority. Arguably by allowing smoking in public places it is the freedom of non smokers that is being restricted because second hand smoking is more dangerous. Second hand smoking increases the risk of heart attack and heart disease. The only effective way to avoid the effects of second hand smoke is to insist on a smoke free environment. In response to it smoker's and non smoker's choice shows that everyone is being affected by smoking being banned in public places like restaurants. During the course of the meal a cloud of smoke is now no longer a bother. Because there are now designated areas for smokers and non smokers someone could enjoy a meal without being uncomfortable. At the same time, a smoker is made uncomfortable because the restaurant is a non smoking facility. Only the non smoker can be completely satisfied. Is that fair in a free nation? If public places would compromise and designate certain areas for smoking and non smoking then maybe everyone could be in a public area and be comfortable or satisfied.


Smoking ban in public restaurants should be implemented for the betterment of our environment as well as the people living in it. As we all know, smoking is not beneficial in any sense. Smokers may acquire lung and heart diseases that, of course, will cause harm to their health. And also, second hand smoke (SHS) exposure causes lung cancer, cardiovascular and respiratory diseases in innocent non smoking adults and children. Banning smoking will eradicate the major cause of respiratory diseases. Smoking also contributes to the air pollution in public places that makes our environment unclean. Banning smoking will contribute to the improvement of our environment's cleanliness in the sense that it will lessen air pollution caused by smoking. Smoking, nowadays, is considered as a major vice, wherein majority of the users are teenagers. It is obvious that they are still not in the right age to engage in this kind of activity and parents are highly not in favor with it. Banning smoking will help lessen the increasing number of smokers, particularly the teenagers. A ban would discourage smokers to smoke. If smoking will be banned in public places, particularly in restaurants, it will no longer be a social activity. If smoking will be a less social activity, fewer people will start smoking.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country and if possible, in all public places as well. This habit of some people is a threat not only to their health but to the health of the innocents too. We are silently killed little by little because of the secondhand smoke they give to us every now and then that a cigarette or a tobacco is right on their fingertips. What is worse with this is that the innocents suffer even more than the smokers do as studies said. I have heard a story about a boy who had a lung cancer because his father was a smoker. Smoking is considered a violation of human rights in my opinion because these smokers are depriving us to breathe a fresher air. We are already suffering on the pollution brought about by the combustion of fossil fuels from factories and vehicles so why add up by smoking if it can be minimized by not doing it? What might be better is if they will have an area where they can smoke together and not threatening other people. This habit of smoking by others is an annoyance especially when on a restaurant where someone is hoping to eat at peace. These customers go to these establishments to eat and not to get any disease that you brought about by smoking. Everyone should practice proper conduct as always in front of others. If these smokers can't care for their health, at least care for others and also care for the environment.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. Basically, the purpose of restaurants is for eating not for smoking. There are just stupid and selfish people who go there and smoke. They don't care about other people who would be affected by their action. Aside from this, there are many bad things if you smoke in a restaurant. First is that food that the people would be eating might get contaminated by the smoke coming from the cigarette. The customers might get sick if they eat contaminated foods. Secondly, the cigarette really emits bad smell. It would not be pleasing to eat if the environment smells bad. There might also be fire if the lighted cigarette was not disposed properly. And lastly, the second hand smoke is really bad for the health. If the other people inhaled it, they might get sick. In a restaurant, I believe that every customer possess equal rights. And those rights are the right to enjoy the environment and the right to have a healthy food. Before doing anything, a person should always think of the effects of their actions to the other customers and not just only think of their own pleasure.


Smoking inside restaurants is a big no according to dining etiquette because you are polluting the air that other diners breathe most especially when you are in an air conditioned area. There may be portions of restaurants that allow its diners to smoke but still the smoke the cigarette emits still travels through the air thus still affecting the other diners. From my own experience, when me and my family were eating at a smoker friendly restaurant I noticed that one fourth of the place was designated to be a smoking area, the area was not sparated from the non smoking area and that the place was air conditioned so instead of having the aroma of the delicious food that everybody was eating, the restaurant was coated with the odor of scent of cigarette smoke. With the entire restaurant smelling very rancid, we weren't able to enjoy our food and after eating we told ourselves that we would not eat at a smoker friendly place again. I think that smoking in restaurants should be banned because it is a sign of disrespect toward other diners. Restaurant managers should be aware of this and they should prevent people from smoking inside their establishments to be able to take care of the well being of their other diners.


Smoking must be banned in restaurants. Seeing restaurants with people who are smoking in inside the restaurant makes it look cheap and not neat even if it is a five star restaurant. Smoking in public places affects the people around you especially in restaurants. Smoking in restaurants may affect the appetite of a person, some may lose their appetite because they do not like the smell of cigarettes. There are some restaurants where there is a smoking area, still it makes the restaurant look disgusting. Smoking must not only be banned in restaurants, for smoking must be banned all over the world. For it will make everyone healthy and it will make our environment clean. Imagine our world without smokers, isn't it nice? The government should pass a law where smoking is banned in restaurants or in public places because people who inhale the smoke of the cigarette can also have a disease like smokers have, because when you have had inhale the smoke of a cigarette it is the same way the smokers do. Furthermore, smokers must be always aware wit the people around them because they can affect the people around them. And if they want to smoke, they should smoke in the right place like in smoking areas and not in public places.


Should Cigarette Smoking Be Banned in All Restaurants in the Country? Untidy and unhealthy environment and smoke screens are some of the problems someone might encounter when he goes in public places. Does anyone like to smell the strong cigarette smoke at public places such as restaurants? Doesn't anyone want to breathe clean air, free of smoke and pollution? Cigarette smoking not only affects the smoker but also the others around the smoker. I totally agree that the smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the Philippines because cigarette smoking poses a great threat to everyone's health. Anyone who is going to eat in a restaurant with his friends wants to feel comfortable in a place where he is sitting. However, it isn t only about atmosphere, which is made by music and people, but there should be fresh air as well. Breathing smoke feels uncomfortable. It's really good to eat and hang out in a smoke free environment. No cigarette can taste as good as it feels to be fit, healthy and active. Prohibiting smoking in public places such as restaurants provides a healthy environment for non smokers and children. Though smoking ban in all restaurants in the country restricts smokers ' freedom, I believe that the Government has made an excellent choice. Banning smoking in all restaurants may seem like a drastic decision; however, personally I believe that it is in the interests of public health that smoking be banned in public places. It really would be great to have this implemented so that our health can be improved as well.


Smoking is bad to our health; it may contain some kind of drugs like Nicotine. Before I don't know why do people smokes but now I already know that smokers do smoke because they found a sense of pleasure on smoking. Smoking can lead to a lung cancer and the worst is death, so if you're a smoker be conscious of your life. There are many reasons why smoking should be banned in restaurants in the country but I can only give you the few general reasons. But first I mind that it would be better if smoking should be banned in all public places not only in the restaurants. The first reasons that came out of my mind is that because most of the restaurants are public place where all ages of people can be found. If you smoke in the restaurant the smoke will spread on the air and the people who are also in the restaurants that don't smoke maybe irritated to the one who is smoking because they are affected that they can also inhale the smoke coming from the cigarette. Also smoking in the restaurants can cause an accident like fire. For instance, the gas tank of the restaurant is open and it mixes with the heat of the smoke it can cause an explosion in the restaurants and it will took many lives. If that accident happens, the one who are smoking should be the one to be blame of even though he unintentionally wants that to happen.


Now a day, we can see many adults are smoking in the streets, houses, restaurants and bars etc. even teenagers too. Teenagers learn to smoke because of the influenced of their friends. All we know that Smoking is a bad habit that can harm your health and will lead you to addiction. There are effects when your smoking: Lung cancer, Asthma and can cause many other cancers and illnesses because cigarettes contain chemicals and toxic substances that are harmful to the body. For me, Smoking should be banned in all restaurants because it is not advisable to smoke inside the restaurant, it can harm the health of the customers inside the restaurants because even if you're not smoking and you are prone to smoke once you inhale it the smoke can damage your respiratory system is what they call the secondhand smokers. Most especially for the children their respiratory system is weak so they can easily be affected by the smoke and can cause them to death. By this, it can lessen the people who are affected by the smoke of the cigarettes and there will be a lesser number of deaths and who have lung cancer. So the Customer can eat well and enjoy inside the restaurant. They will be comforted.


Smoking gives pleasure to some people but we all know that cigarette smoking can harm us, so it must be banned in our country especially in all restaurants. Why most important in restaurants? Simply because we can find restaurants in public areas where it can be easily find. Smoking in a place where you are exposed with others is not a good trait. Children might think that what you are doing is not bad. They might try to do it too because they might be curious of what does it feels to take cigarettes. As an adult or a smoker (even if you're young), we should be responsible for all the things that we are doing. We must think first if it can also harm others, not just all the human beings but also our environment. Also, smoking in a public area can harm those who will smell or take in the smoke of the cigarette much affected by the one who is really smoking. When smoking is already banned in all restaurants in Philippines and in other countries, it is a big help to lessen our problems regarding with the air we breathe in.


I don't think smoking ban in all restaurants in the country would be a great idea. If they ban smokers from smoking in restaurants, where do you think they will go? Would it be wise if they will smoke in their houses on which their family will become the direct secondhand smokers? Was it better if they will smoke on sidewalks? If the government will ban smoking in all restaurants, smokers will be found anywhere, and it may worsen the case of secondhand smokers. Smokers find cigarettes more stimulating and delicious after eating. They say the pleasure from smoking is really different after you eat, and if that's the case we cannot stop real smokers from doing their habits. They will smoke cigarettes whatever happened. Instead of letting them smoke away from the restaurants, I think it is better to give them smoking areas where everyone enjoys smoke and where they cannot influence or affect non smokers at the same time. To be brief, in my opinion, banning people from smoking in all the places except to those designated smoking areas would be more appropriate than smoking ban in all restaurants. Having smoking areas would greatly reduce the percentage of secondhand smokers and hopefully the smokers themselves since there will be a hassle in going to a distant area just to smoke one stick of cigarette.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country to maintain its cleanliness and safety of our health. We all know that smoking is dangerous to our health. Cigarettes are composed of tobacco. This contains nicotine; it is the reason why people who smoke get addicted to it. Pregnant women who smoke is not good for their health/babies and can also cause death of their babies. There are also a lot of young people who learn and get experience from the adults who smoke which they can see in public places. Adults who smoke should hide from their children whenever they smoke. We can't please all of the people not to smoke. We should also respect their feelings what they wanted to do. They should just think first of the right places where they can smoke without young adults. Restaurants that banned smoking at their place help their business to grow. Protecting the customers health is going to be a benefit of the restaurant. Because for example, if you had a customer who gets sick because of the smoke pollution, it's going to be a problem at their business. Having a policy that no smoking in the restaurants will help also your country to be famous. As a citizen in your country you can also help to less the air pollution.


n my opinion, yes it should be banned in the restaurants because no one wants to smell the cigar smoke while eating, I 'm a smoker myself but I see to it that whenever I 'm in a public place like the restaurants I avoid smoking, because not all people are smokers and not all people like the sight and the smell of people smoking near them specially while eating and also I 'm a strong believer that second hand smoking is far more dangerous than smoking it by yourself because at least when you are smoking there is a filter that can lessen the toxins that enter your body but if you're a second hand smoker then you don't have any filter that can block the toxins that you smell in the cigars. I may have my right and I do have the right to smoke if I want to, but my right ends when the right of others begin, so I 'm really into the banning of smokers in the restaurants, maybe then restaurant manager can designate a smoking area for the smokers a little too far from the people who are not smoking. It will be a great idea if all the restaurants will have a special place for the smokers.


Not only does smoking kills the person using it, but also the people who are inhaling the smoke. Second hand smoking is what they call it. If you never heard of that, it means that the smoke coming out of a cigarette is almost twice as poisonous and toxic compared to actually using it. Either you are a user or an inhaler it is still the same time. That is why as a person who doesn't smoke, I would like to push for a law to stop smoking in Restaurants around the country. Why is this so? Ever experience going inside a bar a restaurants where you can smell the smoke coming out of the smoking area? For me, this happened to me a lot of times already since I love eating in such kind of bar and grill restaurants. I know that that as a student, I don't have any right to implement this to all restaurants all over the country because there will always be a conflict of interest between the people who are supporting this campaign and the people producing cigarette and bar and restaurant owners. However isn't it that we are the ones killing our environment and ourselves? Doesn't the future generation deserve to see the beauty of our nature before it gets destroyed by pollution? My answer to that entire question is yes. We should start finding a solution for this problem of smoking. Even if my suggestion will not be recognized by those authority responsible, I am encouraging everyone who are using cigarettes to limit smoking in areas where there are a lot of people around him or her


Smoking is really bad to our health especially for the young ones who are very exposed to it. Their bodies are not into that kind of chemical; they might get a disease or a cancer out of it in the future. And for me I don't like smokers, especially the smell of the smoke thing. The researchers even the doctors said that the second hand smokers are more prone to the cancerous illnesses because we're not just inhaling the smoke but the breath of the smokers. Good thing that the government officials are having the or way or planning to have a vat on cigarette companies, I hope that their move will lessen the people who will buy the cigarettes. And I would suggest that they should ban the smoking in private places even in public. Or they should implement a law to the minor smokers that they will pay if the cups caught them smoking. Every hit that you blow, half of your life is decreasing. Business is business, people who invented this kind of thing might not think the negative out of it, and they are just after the money. I wish that someday, smokers will realize or find out that kind of chemical; they might get a disease or a cancer out of it in the future. And for me I don't like smokers, especially the smell of the smoke thing.


We all know that there are different harmful effects that we can get if we are smoking but I believe that smoking is a choice and I also believe that smoking in restaurants or in public places does not harm anyone. If we are going to ban smoking in restaurant/different places it will be unfair for the smokers because what I've said is that smoking is a choice. If smoke is our problem what about the smoke that came from cars and factories? Should we ban it too? If we are talking about banning smoking in restaurants it is not our choice, it's the owner of the restaurants choice or decision if he will be in favor of banning smoking In his/her restaurant because some of the restaurant that are selling cigarettes is part of their business to earn profit. If you don't want being near/around to those who smoke or you don't want the smell of it then you are free to leave the area. I am not against anybody or from the smokers and non smokers because everyone of us has a right in this world. I think in the side of non smokers, they want to ban smoking because even they are not smoking they still can get harmful effects from it by experiencing secondhand smoking. But smokers also have their own complain or reason why they don't want smoking to be banned. I believe that smoking is not bad because if we are smoking it is our choice and we need to accept if we will have harmful effects from it. It is not bad if they know how to use it properly/moderately. Smoking is a choice and no one is forcing anyone to smoke or not to smoke that's why it is not bad.


Smoking should be banned in public places probably each of us has experienced a situation, when we were standing on a bus stop or sitting in a restaurant and someone near started to smoke a cigarette. We became unwillingly second hand smokers. This is happening to me very often and every time I wish smoking would be banned in public places. The smoke not only is unpleasant but it is also unhealthy. So the smoker not only damages his own health, but also the health of the others. Imagine sitting in a restaurant unable to enjoy a meal due to the smoke coming from a neighbor's table. The fact that there was not a designated area for smokers has put the smoker and the non smoker in an uncomfortable situation. Smoking should be banned in public places because non smokers have a right to clean air, and because second hand smoke is more dangerous than actually smoking a cigarette. However, smoking should not be banned in public places because it is the smoker s choice to Smoking should be banned in public places probably each of us has experienced Looking at the health aspect, smoking should be banned in public places because it is not only a health hazard for the smoker; it creates more harm to the others. Cigarette is a known carcinogen that has been associated with increased rates of lung cancer and heart disease. However, the hazard does not end there; second hand smoke has been proven to create more detrimental effects on health on both the smokers and the people around them. This is especially harmful for those with weaker immune systems such as children and elderly.


As of now, you can see almost everybody is smoking. They can smoke anywhere, anytime they want. But should authorities let them do it? They say it's relieving when you smoke after you eat. That's why they smoke in restaurants. Smoking inside the restaurant is really bothering especially to people who has asthma. Well, all of the non smokers don't want a companion who smokes. And it's really inappropriate to smoke in a restaurant. Restaurant is a place to eat, not a smoking area. Managers in restaurants should really banned people who smoke. They could really cause a lot of trouble to the other customers. And their restaurant can lose customers and have a bad reputation to others. Second hand smoke is more dangerous than those who smoke. Of course, people don't want to get sick, it's really hard for one to get sick now a days. Smoking should really be banned in Restaurant; it doesn't add income to them. They just bring their customers out of their territory. Come to think of it, just one or two smoker inside a restaurant brings 5 people inside it. What more if it's ten smokers? It'll bring almost half or 1/3 of your customers. It's like if you don't want them out, it's us who's going to leave.


Cigarette smoking is dangerous for your health. That is the most common advert people see when watching cigarette commercials. But those damn TV commercial bastards fail to add that it's even more dangerous for the people around you. Smoking should be banned from all the restaurants in the country. Not only that, but in every public place as well. Think of every bacterium you know, and imagine inhaling them with your nose, inside your body. Gross, isn't it? That's the exact same thing with smoking. You inhale the smoke, it's irritating, suffocating and it's deadly. Now imagine being indoors, say, a restaurant for example, and ten or fifteen people blowing out smoke from their mouths. The waiter who brings you your well cooked meal walks through the smoke. Particles of it get on your food. Then you eat it. It doesn't affect your in that exact moment, but it eventually takes its toll on your body. Now those government officials who plan to do something about it have my support. I mean, who doesn't want clean air? Obviously, the people who don't want clean air are smokers. If they want to die a slow, painful death, it's their choice. But those of us who don't should be saved from those who do.


Smoking has always been in the midst of our society since time immemorial: from the small scale tobacco productions during early times to large scale cigarette productions at present. It is evident that nowadays, a huge part of the population – in the Philippines and in other countries – smoke. In my opinion, so long that it is controlled, smoking is fine. Many people I know are smokers, and I have seen what effects it holds against abusers. For me, I do not think that cigarette smoking should be banned at all. It is us who suffer the implications it brings about, but it is also us – not our family, friends, government or anybody else – who should learn to control our inhibitions. Even though I am against smoking, I don't see why it should be banned in restaurants. It is a matter of free will, and I don't think that we should alienate people the rights or at least the privilege to enjoy a puff after their favorite meal or alongside their favorite beverage. So as non smokers are less likely to protest regarding the matter, it should be mandatory not for restaurants to ban smoking, but to provide a segregated area in the restaurant where smoking is allowed.


Smoking should be banned completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is dangerous to health. Smoking is the major cause of lung cancer. When one smokes, the person or people near him or her would be tremendously affected more than it does to the smoker. Even if there are smoking and non smoking areas in restaurants, what could it do when the smoke travels in the air and gets breathed by people passing by or inside the restaurant? I think it would be futile to think that having smoking and non smoking area could prevent the people from inhaling the toxic chemical found in the cigarette. People of all ages are dining in restaurants and by inhaling the smoke from a cigarette could only add to the chances of acquiring respiratory ailments. Furthermore, second hand smoke is more dangerous than smoking itself. Another bad thing about smoking in restaurants is that not all restaurants have the smoking and non smoking area. Usually, restaurants are air conditioned. So when someone smokes inside, the stench of the smoke could be smelled all over the area. Thus, smoking also adds to the waste materials in a certain restaurant. A chain smoker could consume an entire pack of cigarette and just leave the cigarette butts behind after smoking. Even if there is an ashtray, it still could not help that the trash left by smokers are everywhere. It would be very annoying to the other patrons and customers. Thus, it destroys the ambiance of the restaurant. Therefore, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the city for the benefit of the majority.


Smoking is bad to our health. It causes lung cancer and other kind of sickness that we can get from smoking. Many cases also are also from smoking that at early age they are starting smoking and dying also early. We have this mentality also that if we know someone is smoking we are telling that this person's life is short because of how he abuses his body with smoking. Banning the smoking in all restaurants in the country may help one person refrain from smoking. The smoke of the cigarette affects also the people around the person smoking. It can cause also some sickness to the person who inhaled the smoke. Being banned in the restaurants can minimal these cases. Somehow, it also helps our environment healthier. It will make the ambiance inside the restaurant greater. It will encourage more customers to eat in a particular restaurant. It makes healthier place to be in and enjoying the stay without any bad smell of the smoke of the cigarette. I do agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because I hate the smell of it and I know it's not good for me. I hope also that smoking should minimize in our country or maybe should be gone in our daily living so we can have a healthier life.


Smoking should be banned in restaurants due to some health reasons that can save a man's life. Imagine you are sitting in a restaurant and you don't enjoy your meal because of a gray smoke that is invading your face. Even though you don't want it you can still inhale it because of not banning smoking in a restaurant. Many Filipinos have experienced this kind of incident before, but due to lack of rules and regulations inside a restaurant you can't blame the person the person who is smoking. One more thing, smoking should be banned in restaurants because of the secondhand smoke that other people can inhale, which is more harmful to your health. Most of the restaurant bar that I have visited before has a separate space for the people who smoke so that the innocent lungs will not be involved. It is more appropriate rather than assembling it in a place. Even though you are not smoking, you can inhale it through the secondhand smoke. It should not just be banned in restaurants but it should also be banned in public places because the smoke of the cigarette can increase the pollution in our land. Restaurant isn't a place for smoking; it is a place for bonding and eating. According to Sarah Bernhardt, Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life. Dear Smokers, please stop smoking because if you don't stop, you are killing yourself


Smoking has become very common and fashionable especially nowadays the youngsters. Usually, this habit begins outside friend and tries to experiment how to use and the new things that they had. Actually, despite the warning given by the doctors about the ill effects of smoking but people will continue to smoke. Smokers are addicted to it, and even if they cannot control in how many pieces to using it. Probably each of us has experience in a situation, when you are setting in the restaurant and someone near to started to smoke a cigarettes and I was annoying those people to take cigarettes because I 'm not the one using it. So we became unwillingly second hand smokers. I wish smoking would be banned in the public places. The smoke not only is unpleasant but it is also unhealthy. The smoker not only damages his/her own health, but also the heath of others. Well, would better is to banned smoking in the public places, especially in the restaurants. Restaurants are for eating not smoking. They raise the tax which may stop a few people, raising the tax too high would stop too many people for them. Smoking is the worst habit in the entire world? A number of people increase the ill effect of smoking to cause of cancer that's why people suffering like this. Hopefully this time the government gives the resolution the problem that they had.


Smoking is dangerous in our health. This sentence has been heard from time to time but still smoking exists in the Philippines. Addiction to cigarette is not new to the Filipinos whether you're rich or poor, with hair or not, youth or old. Some cigarettes may be expensive, and some are cheap. But whatever the price is, smoking has been part of their daily habit. Cigarette produces smoke that is proven to be dangerous or the health especially to the second smoker or those people who inhales the smoke of the user. This won't do any good to our teeth and lips as well. Cigarettes also can cause fire if not disposed properly. This is why it should be banned to all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants are closed area with lots of people in it with the purpose of eating and getting together. Letting even few people smoke at this places will affect the entire population in the restaurant. It would be very dangerous for the other people in the restaurant although they aren't the one smoking. This could be very cautious to fire. Discipline and respect or other people is the key to stop this. Cigarettes may not be considered as an entirely bad thing because it will not exist in the market if it does. Restaurants are all over the country. And it is meant to be a place to eat and not to smoke and absolutely not a place to gain diseases or health problems. We have to reconsider those people around us.


Cigarette smoking is dangerous to your health, a simple reminder yet hard to do. It is also attached in every pack of cigarettes but why people still using it? In restaurants it is very unprofessional if a person will smoke directly through your face inside a prestigious or even a non  prestigious restaurant. What if a professional or well – known man will be at your side and will breathe through your smoke, can see how this guy will react to you? Do you know what it can cause to us? So smoking must be banned in restaurant not only to make ourselves more professional, but will also cause wide range of pollution. Just think of yourself eating food containing ashes and smoke dust, can you even try to taste it? Even though there are ashtrays in restaurants, but still it is very light that it can fly and land directly to your food. So if anyone could possibly do smoking in restaurant, he/she is personally low hygiene. We always want a cleaner place when eating, but if we ourselves cannot force to leave our vices so what's the point of wanting and dreaming a place which is healthier and cleaner? So leaving smoking is also a healthy practice not only in home, restaurants but also in public places.


I consider myself as someone who is health conscious. Every time I walk past smokers, I always remember to pull out my handkerchief and cover my nose, or in some instances, hold my breath for a few seconds. According to studies second hand smoking is much more dangerous than first hand. That is why it is important to ban smoking in restaurants. Think about it, if you inhale second hand smoke, you sustain more damage than the first hand smoker. Most smokers tend to smoke inside or outside restaurants, usually with their friends. This must stop. There are a lot of customers which the restaurants attend to, not only adults but children as well. It would be wrong if children, at a tender age, would inhale the second hand smoke of the smokers in restaurants. Smoking shall be banned in restaurants, for it will affect the health condition of the other customers that are being served. These customers may not fully realize that their health condition is already suffering from second hand smoking. A good approach to this problem, would be requiring smokers to move in private areas were their actions would not harm other individuals. Therefore, other customers would no longer be affected by the serious case of second hand smoking.


Smoking at public places seems to be a prevalent problem in the country nowadays. It might be relaxing for some people but they could be irritating for some. Well, I join the latter's side. In any angle, smoking is dangerous to the health of everyone. Though it may keep you stress free for some time, it will surely poison you little by little, gradually. Plus, a cigarette stick contains substances that are considered toxic. For instance, it contains DDT, a main component of pesticide. We're humans and not pesticides, aren't we? More to that, it contains a substance called nicotine, the main reason why smokers get addicted to it. Now, the question arises. Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? If my opinion would be asked, my answer would be a big YES. My argument is that smoking releases toxic particulates that are not visible to the naked eye. These particulates will be suspended in the air. In time, these would settle and the food eaten by customers would be affected. Also, second hand smokers are more vulnerable to the ill effects of smoking. This is why some patients suffering from lung cancer or emphysema seem to be alarmed with how they got the disease when they themselves never even smoked. I have a firm stand in this issue. After all, smoking in public places is already prohibited. It's just that it is human nature to oppose authority.


Smoking the customers away In restaurants, not only do you consider the food that will be served; the environment too is key. When you enter a restaurant, you are not only excited to eat, but you also look forward to relaxing while doing so. Unfortunately, the presence of smoking in a restaurant would ruin the mood. Forget about the idea of smoking and non smoking areas; not all restaurants have these areas. Smoking should be banned from restaurants period. There are areas for the sole purpose of eating. Likewise, smoking only areas have their place too. We can't overlap their roles; it wouldn't be fair for both sides. They were meant to be separated for a reason; so that both parties could enjoy their said products. You wouldn't want a family entering a restaurant for the purpose of bonding and satisfaction to be bothered by the discomfort of the smoke coming from a cigarette, one that can cause health problems later on. And in the same way, a smoker wouldn't want to have to deal with people complaining about his business; he wants to smoke in peace. Smoking in restaurants is actually a drawback for potential customers. If they pass by a restaurant and see smokers in front, the restaurant wouldn't be as enticing as it should be. Also, restaurants wouldn't be able to accommodate as much customers as they could if there are smoking areas. If non smokers want to eat in a full restaurant but the only available spot is in the smoking area, wouldn't that be unfair for them? At the end of the day, smoking and restaurants can't be put together. One is meant for nutrition while the other is a detriment to one's health. It is unfair to both smokers and restaurant goers who simply want to be satisfied.


Smoking should be banned in restaurants due to some health reasons that can save a man's life. Imagine you are sitting in a restaurant and you don't enjoy your meal because of a gray smoke that is invading your face. Even though you don't want it you can still inhale it because of not banning smoking in a restaurant. Many Filipinos have experienced this kind of incident before, but due to lack of rules and regulations inside a restaurant you can't blame the person the person who is smoking. One more thing, smoking should be banned in restaurants because of the secondhand smoke that other people can inhale, which is more harmful to your health. Most of the restaurant bar that I have visited before has a separate space for the people who smoke so that the innocent lungs will not be involved. It is more appropriate rather than assembling it in a place. Even though you are not smoking, you can inhale it through the secondhand smoke. It should not just be banned in restaurants but it should also be banned in public places because the smoke of the cigarette can increase the pollution in our land. Restaurant isn't a place for smoking; it is a place for bonding and eating. According to Sarah Bernhardt, Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life. Dear Smokers, please stop smoking because if you don't stop, you are killing yourself.


Smoking should be banned to all restaurants in our country. It is very annoying to be surrounded by the smoke smell. It has been noted that passive smoking is much more dangerous than active smoking, because in the former case, you inhale the smoke emitted out by a smoker. In the perfect situation, smoking policy would be set by bar or restaurant owners, and customers would patronize the establishments with the policy they prefer. Customers would decide—without the government's help—if they want to avoid smoke filled rooms or enter them. They might even choose to sit in an area sectioned off for smokers or non smokers, but the ultimate issue is choice. When the government starts telling restaurant owners what their customers can and cannot do, the government is overstepping its boundaries. The decrease in customers and subsequent loss of revenue has far reaching effects on employers. Banning smoking in all public restaurants violates this principle and jeopardizes our freedom. Smoking should not be banned in all restaurants. A ban on smoking imposes unnecessary governmental interference in private business, affects business owners negatively, and discriminates against smokers. Like the black Southerner turned away because of racial segregation, the smoker is unfairly treated. Sadly, just when our government claims to be whisking away the clouds of smoke, it is legislating a cloud of discrimination.


I think that it is important for smoking to be banned in all restaurants in the Philippines. This is because we should give respect to our surroundings, most especially the people. I don't think it is appropriate to smoke in a restaurant where in people are trying to dine happily. Most people are not fond of smoking or cigarettes because it has a lot of bad side effects especially second hand smoking. I think that it wont be such a harm to smokers that smoking will be banned in restaurants, after all their purpose there is to enjoy the food and the dining experience. I think that it is enough that smoking is banned in restaurants but not in the streets just to be fair to everyone, this way everyone would be happy because the smokers would get to smoke whenever they want and the customers of the restaurants would not be affected by the second hand smoke that this brings. My opinion is based on my concern for the people's health and it is also based on my personal experiences where in I did not enjoy my dining experience just because of the smoke around me. I am pretty sure that the smokers would understand the situation if ever smoking would be banned from the restuarants.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because we all know that smoking is dangerous to our health. All the advertisements always said that smoking destroys our health. But all the smokers don't pay attention to it but still, they used to smoke. For me, every smoker must think to other people who didn't smoke that they can affect others health even though they are not smoking, and they just called second hand smokers and to think that I 'm one of them, I think I will die in early years. When it comes to constructing a restaurant, when the owner or the manager makes project of his/her future restaurant, they should think not only about visitor's satisfactions from food or conditions and their relaxation and impression from his place. Because the most important thing is that they should take care of their health, they should not allow them to smoke in a hall, where there a lot of non smokers. Nowadays, we can see that there are many restaurants that allow customers to smoke and hold a cup of drinking alcohol which for me is bad to the eyes of the young ones. I want to say that people should not be indifferent to each other. It is a real problem. Also smoking must be banned in not only restaurants and bars, taking everything into consideration I think that it should be banned in all public places such as streets, squares, and parks and so on. 248


Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking has long been an issue among the society; it's one that continues to haunt us even though how hard we try to avoid it. Many campaigns or programs have already been developed or implemented to give smokers their own areas to smoke, however, some still continue to not follow the rules. According to most smokers, they don't see the need to isolate themselves from others when they are smoking, however this is a sign of disrespect to other non smokers. Given these, one should stand bounded by these rules to ensure that good social graces are exercised among the community. Regarding the complete banning of smoking in restaurants, I happen to agree with this. When we go to a restaurant, we would often expect our area or eating to be appetizing or inviting, cigarette smoke is definitely something we are looking forward to when are stomach are grumbling and ready to eat. Besides, who are often seen in restaurants—families, with children. Harming yourself might be your own issue, however, harming another person whether intentionally or unintentionally is never right. The said banning may seem like a problem concerning only smokers, but it actually goes down to a deeper issue of respecting others even in simplest ways to make sure that the country withholds its good morale.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because it is a public place. Not all the customers in a particular restaurant are smokers. Second hand smoke is more dangerous. It causes many diseases to people and to our environment. If they keep on smoking in public places like restaurants it will have bad effects to the health of the other customers and also to the business. They might not come back because of the bad environment causing by the smokers. It causes pollution. Our environment also has its right. It will decrease the customers coming from a particular restaurant. And smoking to public places attracts young generation to do this. The government should do something about this issue because it is not just about the health of the people it is also about business. Banning smoking in public places will give justice to non smokers. We live in a democratic country so people who smoke have also their rights. They can do it by isolating themselves in order not to cause any problems to others. A smoker's choice should not affect the health of other people. Anyone is not permitted to cause harm to people's health. Banning smoking in public places will also benefit the smokers.


We all know that smoking is bad to our health. It is one of the problems we encountered everyday that's why many died everyday around the world because of lung cancer that is cause of smoking. Not only the smokers be affected of their smoking but also the second smokers who breathe the smoke from their cigarettes. Aside of sickness, smoking is also a cause of air pollution that affects the ozone layer that's why we have what we called the global warming and climate change. So it is good if smoking will be prevented especially to the place that many of us will be affected like restaurants. In every restaurant we can find food which is one of the basic needs we need. And when we talk about food we talk about health. We are expecting for a clean food and facilities for these restaurants but if there are lots of smokers inside that place, what will happen? The smoke might go to the foods we supposed to eat and will cause diseases. Restaurant is one of the places we should get our safety in foods so they should ban smoking or else they will lose their customers. Some of the customers might feel disappointment because we all know that smoking is pollution and not good to health. This smoking should not only be prevented to all restaurants but also in all area where there are lot of people that might be affected by this pollution to our society.


Smoking became a part of humanity, but what does it really do and how does it really benefit or destroys one's life? According to many researchers, smoking doesn't have any benefits in the health of a human. But according to smokers, smoking help them pass through their problems and help them psychologically. In my perspective, smoking is just a tool in destroying one's health, life and planet. One of my uncles, who are a heavy smoker, said that smoking just makes you cool and that is the most absurd thing I heard about smoking in my whole life. He is just addicted to it and he doesn't want to admit it. His body became more vulnerable to sickness, his lips are becoming black, and the worst is the smell of his breath. One time we had some kind of family reunion and we ate in a restaurant. I always enjoy the food in there because it is very delicious and the atmosphere was very comfortable and refreshing until my uncle's smoking habit ruined everything and that's when I realize that smoking isn't banned in that restaurant. My uncle's seat is just right in front of me and every time he smokes, I smelled it and almost taste it while eating. It was the worst experience that I had on eating in that restaurant. Smoking should be banned at the restaurant in the entire country because the smoke could go to other people's lungs while eating and that would be really dangerous to one's health.


Smoking is an act wherein the person smoking is actually slowly killing himself by inhaling those harmful substances that are in the cigarette. Its main target is the lungs where the substances in the cigarette will burn it and make it very weak. A place where smoking should be banned is in restaurants because it is where all types of people go to eat and it will not be a good sight for children to see adults smoking their life away where the children might think that it is alright for them to smoke because it is allowed in places like this. I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because not only will it lessen the pollution in our environment but also improve the quality of life by reducing the places where people can smoke. I personally think that smoking should be completely banned everywhere since it does will only provide them with negative effects on the people doing it and the people affected by it. By banning smoking at the restaurants, less number of people will suffer the consequences of second hand smoking and children will not be exposed to it as much.


Smoking kills people slowly, people who smoke doesn't know that their body is being ruined by the cigarettes that they are smoking. According to cigarette advertisements cigarette smoking is dangerous to your health but still many people smoke. Smoking is really harmful to the health of the smoker but it is more harmful to those who inhale it or the second hand smokers, those people doesn't smoke but they're the one who is more affected. I really don't know why people smoke; I don't know what they get from smoking. Restaurants should ban smoking in there establishment because it has great effect on their customers who don't smoke, customers that is non smoker will be the second hand smoker and they will be the one who will suffer more. Some people smoke after they eat for some reason I don't know, it's like a food for them they can't live without it. Not only in restaurants that smoking should be ban but also in other public places to lessen the unhealthy cause of the smoke especially to those who doesn't smoke. There should only be a specific place where can people smoke so they won't affect others. It's not bad to smoke but next time you do it make sure that you're the only one who will suffer of the consequences and not the people around you.


Cigarette smoking is dangerous to your health, a popular phrase exploited in almost every part of the world. But does it really mean anything to people, especially to smokers? Everybody knows that smoking is a serious cause of disease and in extreme cases, death. That is why I wonder why people still gets lured and committed to it. There are many to be put up as a reason for it but most probably, the implementation of a banning law is lacking. Since we consider nicotine as being addicting, why not forbid it? There is no good out of it, so why maintain it? It'll be a difficult process to actually extinguish cigarettes but in a long run, it would benefit us in the highest essence. Therefore, starting on a small scale would be advisable. Forbidding cigarettes from places where people tend to hang out like restaurants, is a great way to head start it. Some people would always be irritated with others smoking their lungs out as they do their own business in certain establishments. So if the cigarette ban would start in public places such as cafés and restaurants, it would help both the smokers and the non smokers. As time will pass, and as a bigger scale would be tackled by this banning law, more problems, specially of health would be resolved.


One thing I know is smoking does not do anything good to a man's body and even to the environment. Millions of people die because of different illness caused by smoking. There's lung cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and many other serious illnesses that can cause one's death. Stating these facts, many people still engage themselves in smoking. That's why some countries banned smoking in public places. Smoking in public places especially in restaurants is definitely a NO, NO. One, it is surrounded by many people and they may acquire second hand smoke. Next is, there may be children in that place and it is not a good example seeing elderly smoking in front of them. Smoker might reason that they need to smoke after they eat so they can avoid having gastritis. Restaurant is a place where people eat and not for smoking. People who do not smoke suffer from fume and smell. It's not good for people to smell smoke because scientist and doctors says it is more dangerous that if you inhale a smoke from the smoke inhaled by another person, which is called second hand smoke. It is said that non smokers exposed in second hand smoke increase their risk of lung cancer. The government of the Philippines starts banning smoking in public places. In my own opinion, smoking must be banned in restaurants and even in other public places because it affects people's health even those who are not smoking. But this will also affect the democracy of the country, people's right to choose and do whatever they want as long as they're responsible for what they're doing. But above all these, banning of smoking should start in our home. Parents should be the first one who will lecture their children that smoking is not a good practice.


Smoking does not just have ill effects on the smoker, it is a public health hazard. Second hand smoke is dangerous when a person is constantly exposed to it, but just one exposure can be dangerous to people with pre existing conditions. As of 2010, legislation across the United States has banned smoking in restaurants to protect restaurant workers and non smoking patrons. Long term exposure to cigarette smoke leads to long term ill health effects. Those who inhale second hand smoke on a regular basis have the same risks as smokers. These include cancer, heart disease and emphysema. Restaurant workers in businesses that allow smoking showed detectable levels of NNK. NNK is a carcinogen in cigarettes that has been directly linked to the development of lung cancer. In 2004, the University of California conducted a study, which found the banning of smoking reduced heart attacks by as much as one fifth. Finland also has a ban on smoking in restaurants and a study by the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health found the number of sick days in the workplace was reduced by thousands. A proposed ban on smoking in restaurants, bars and cafés has spurred a debate about how the economic consequences will weigh out, as those against the ban caution that bars and restaurants, as well as state revenue, will suffer if fewer people buy cigarettes, while supporters of the ban say the overall improved health of citizens will make up for any losses. Banning smoking in restaurants has thus proven an excellent measure for keeping clean various pipes in musical instruments as well as in humans


Smoking is considered to be a haven to smokers. They regard smoking as a solution to their problems and stress. As a result, these smokers smoke at frequent intervals in different places, including places of public interests such as parks, the streets or even inside restaurants. Yes, smoking may now be judged as a normal action in public dwellings, but inside restaurants, smoking activities should be prohibited. There are several reasons why smoking should be banned in public eating areas. Firstly, non smoking people inside the restaurants become second hand smokers in the presence of smoking activities. Remember that second hand smokers have a higher risk of acquiring diseases brought about by smoking than the smokers. Secondly, the people eating in these establishments might lose their appetite on their food because of the foul smell emitted by the lighted cigarettes. Lastly, smoking activities disturbs the atmosphere of the restaurants. Normally, restaurants should emit an enticing and indulging aura, but if there are smokers inside, the restaurant environment would become foul smelled and there would surely be dark clouds of smoke emitted through the cigarettes of the smokers. This could account for lesser people dining in these restaurant establishments. Smoking may be a sweet escape to cigarette smokers, but to others who are not, it is a vice that needs to be addressed immediately in order to promote the health and well being of the citizens. That is why smoking activities should be banned inside all restaurant establishments in the country.


What can be more wonderful than eliminating one of the reasons as to why we get deadly diseases? Smoking has been an activity that is abused by several people. It even makes me wonder if they even think about other people when they smoke. One of the evidences why I think smoking is being abused is that people can smoke almost anywhere. Aside from that, they also disregard the policies that exist to prevent them from smoking in a particular place. Can't they at least leave one, generally speaking, a place for me to relax properly? At the very least, leave restaurants alone! I may be exaggerating in expressing my prejudice towards people who smoke in restaurants, but seriously, there are various reasons for it. There are reasonable reasons as to why I think that smoking in restaurants are bad. First reason is that not all people in a restaurant have the same interests. What I mean to say is that not all people are fine with people smoking around them, taking me as an example. Smoking is wildly to known to cause more danger to the second hand smokers or the ones who inhale the smoke from the cigarette. For that reason, there are people who are conscious about their health and it would be nice for people who smoke to think about those people. For goodness sake, respect their rights as a co citizen of this world. Another reason is that not all restaurants are well ventilated. This will result into having the smoke enclosed in the restaurant's vicinity and will thus again result to the harm of other people. Seriously, smoking in public is already not good; it just makes smoking in restaurants a very bad idea.


Pollution is one of the greatest problems faced throughout the world. It is everywhere, and one of its causes is smoking. Some of the readers might shake their heads in disagreement but whether you like it or not, it is true. Aside from being a contributor in pollution, smoking also damages the health, not just the people who are smoking but the people inhaling the secondhand smoke as well. The issue being tackled in this essay is not just about smoking itself, but smoking in restaurants. Almost everybody knows this fact yet, many are still smoking. Worst, smokers are found to be doing their habits in places that are supposed to be for people's comfort and satisfaction: in restaurants. Even if there is a sign hanging or posted in a wall saying No Smoking, smokers are unstoppable. They kept on smoking even if the persons surrounding them cannot enjoy the food because of the frequent coughing due to smoke. Because of this, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. No one can stop ALL the smokers throughout the country, but smokers should at least be prohibited in certain areas such as restaurants. Restaurants are the types of places where a family get together and enjoy, where couples celebrate special occasions and where persons simply eat. No one wants cigarette smoke present around them while they were eating. Nobody wants to be distracted while eating just to cough because of the smoke from a careless smoker. Every person has rights, which include the right to breathe in fresh air. If not all the time, smoking should at least be prohibited in places where people eat. Persons who are not smoking should not suffer for the things they have no control over. To the Authorities, the decision are yours, but kindly consider that smoking should be completely banned in restaurants at least throughout the country,


I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. If they want to make a law about smoking, it should not be way to ban smoking in all restaurants. Maybe it is better to ban smoking places but not in restaurants. What's the point of it? It is normal for some people to smoke after eating. Smoking is normal for many people nowadays I also mean that it is a free will to smoke or not. No one can stop a person for being being a smoker especially if it is his or her choice. I know that smoking is bad for one's health but who do you think you are to reprimand a person who smokes, right? It's none of your business anymore. You can do whatever you want but you should always be ready for the consequences. Smoking can cause a lot of complication to a person especially if that person is a heavy smoker. For me, you should always think twice in making every decision in your life. If you choose to smoke then be it, but be ready for what will happen to you. But just to clarify, I am not an anti smoking person. Every person has their own life which cannot be controlled by any person except for their own self. 220


Cigarette smoking is dangerous to your health., line written on every cigarette boxes. Smoking is already common, esp. men. Nowadays, there are alot of people smoking even women. The common place they usually smoke is restaurants. Why should smoking be banned in restaurants? First of all, it's bad for our health because it contains nicotine that gets into our lungs and slowly destroying it. Second, when the smoke that the cigarette produces spread, it will affect the food. It will destroy the freshness of the food that should be eaten by the people. It will also affect the environment because some restaurants have tables outside. Restaurant owners should not allow anyone to use cigarettes in their establishments because it will affect the nutrients that the food have. It may contain ashes that, if the person eat the food, may get into his/ her body and may lead to diseases. If restaurant owners banned smoking, it may lead others or the government to totally banned smoking in the country. It may be the first step to stop the spread of smoking. It may be the first step to prevent the spread of pollution thereby, stop the continuity of global warming in our country. Thus, owners who will ban smoking might be the first persons who will lead the country to a brighter generation.


We should banned people from smoking inside the restaurant. We should have manners and etiquettes. We should respect others who do not smoke for their healthy life. If one customer smokes inside the restaurant, others customers should suffer from the smell and ashes which are bad for the body. There are also several reasons why we should banned people from smoking. It is because that as generally known, the 2nd hand smoking is worse for the body than 1st hand smoking. For 2nd hand smoking there is no filter which blocks ashes and other bad ingredients to go inside the body. And there are what you call manners in public places which we should follow. We should not make others uncomfortable by the smell of the cigarette. We know that there are also young people who came to the restaurant to eat and enjoy with their parents or friends. They also can smoke outside the restaurant if they really want to smoke, even if it is tiresome for them to do. We should think of others before thinking of our own benefits. By helping others to keep their rights and by following the manners inside the public we can make better and happier society.


All of us experience stress, depression and pain. We get these from our studies, works, personal or family problems and of course financial crisis. we cannot escape from having these dilemmas since these are all part of our life. But definitely, we all want to forget these even just for a short period of time. we make our own way to escape from stressful world. and one of these ways is smoking. But the big question is –can we smoke in public places especially in restaurants? If this question will be asked to me, my answer would be a big no. I just can't believe that there are smokers who are very insensitive. They don't care if they disturb other people who are eating. They just continue smolking even if others are enjoying their food. They don't mind that these customers may lose their appetite because of the bad smoke they are inhaling. Public smokers should respect and consider people around them. I am against to public smoking whether it is in a closed restaurant or an open air, the point is public smokers are polluting the ambiance that may affect every customer's appetite. On the other hand, I do respect people smoke because they want to release some bad vibes in their bodies or they just want it. But I believe that there is a proper place to smoke.


The Smoking Ban in Restaurants One of the huge problems of our country is the high mortality rate due to smoking, a statement that states the sad reality about these killing sticks, cigarettes. This issue seems to alarm the society and the business community as well. A certain policy was implemented to lessen the use of these killing sticks. Restaurants from different parts of the country banned smoking inside their premises. If one wants to smoke he/she needs to go to a certain place which is allotted for smoking only. No one is allowed to smoke inside the restaurants, air conditioned or not. This policy is to discipline smokers and also to lessen the reported lung diseases such as; bronchitis, lung cancer, pneumonia, and many more deadly diseases. This might greatly decrease the second hand smoking since nobody is allowed to smoke in the public. In addition, pollution might be lessening to. It means that with this policy, it's like hitting two birds with the same stone since we can save people from drying from these ailments and we help to lessen the pollution in the air. It seems that this policy is human and eco friendly. In the future, the government departments, especially the Department of Health (DOH), are looking forward to decrease the number of the mortality rate of the Filipino people that dies from this killing sticks.


Smoking kills you, as to what many people believe, say, and even advocate about—and affecting others is just as bad as committing an heinous crime. But freedom of choice is in itself a part of our law and lives, and banning all smoking areas in all restaurants may cause a rebellion towards others. The Philippines is a democratic nation and taking off an option from the freedom of people is not advisable. Restaurants banning smoking areas may be allowed, but banning it from ALL restaurants is a different situation. Restricting smoking areas in all restaurants would either cause others to compromise the situation and still smoke, or some restaurants will lose majority of their customers—and other situations could possibly occur. Discouraging smoking is a very significant act that a country should promote, but if it causes others to rebel against it, then it should be softened otherwise. Having the support of the majority is great, but having almost all the support of the people is way better. If there was a bill that would ban all smoking areas in all restaurants, then I would suggest that it should get almost all approval from each citizen. This is order to enforce a freedom and peaceful choice for everyone. And if this was to be implemented, then I would further suggest that the country should advocate the stop of smoking more in order to convince and enlighten the people to have better and healthier lives.


Smoking has been part of the human society since the ancient times. It started from dried leaves up to now's known cigarette. Most people become addicted to its aroma. Addiction is one of the society's hard to solve problems. So we should start limiting it to public places such as Restaurants. It is hard to force people to be off with it. It is like you killed part of their lifestyle. Based from what I observed from the people around me, they most likely to smoke after they eat. So I agree with banning of cigarette smoking in restaurants. It can be a great help of lessening the smokers. You not only ban it but also teach them lesson that it is not healthy to smoke in public where other people can be affected. Second hand smoke was known to be more dangerous than the first hand. In places like restaurants which are public places must think of their prohibition. If it is hard to stop some people from smoking then the only way we can help others is to restrict them on places they can smoke. In our country, Philippines, government is a little smooth on smoking rules. They only give small taxes on vices which is wrong. It's like they encouraging others to smoke too. Like to the restaurant managements, they should also do the same. They should have off limits to it too. I do agree on smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I Believe people have the right to smoke and do whatever they want. However, there is a limit to how far people can go when practicing their rights. I am an advocate of the J. S. Mill's Harm Principle that states people's actions should only be limited when they infringe on the rights of others. From this principle, I can firmly say that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. This ban should extend as far as public areas of restaurants go. It should still give leeway to prescribed isolated smoking areas that people consent to enter. Why do I believe in this? It is a known fact that second hand smoke from cigarettes and cigars have very detrimental effects on humans. If smoking was allowed in public areas like restaurants, people who do not consent to be exposed to such harm will be affected by the externalities smoking brings. In this scenario, we would be depriving the general public their right to breathe clean air and enjoy the food in their favorite restaurant. The only solution here is to remove the smoke, and this can only be done by banning the act of smoking in public areas.


I think smoking should be prohibited in all public places. It is a unhealthy habit, which should be immediately banned. Smoking should only be allowed on personal property and land. There have been numerous reports, linking cigarette smoking to heart disease; lung disease; cancers of the lung, mouth, and other tissues; and other ailments. Cigarette smoke contains thousands of chemical substances, many of which have been linked to the development of diseases. Chemical substances occur in cigarette smoke as gases or as particals. Many places in which smoking should be banned are in pubs, clubs and working places. Pubs are very important places for people in communities, especially small communities. It is a place for people to socialize and be entertained. In some communities the pub is the town meeting place for the locals. There are no non smoking pubs and very few non smoking front bars. Although the eating areas in pubs are non smoking sometimes there is so much smoke it drifts everywhere. Smoking in pubs is a hazard to non smokers and the workers. It is unhealthy and not fair on the people that don't smoke and want to have a good time. These days smoking is a popular craze in pubs but should be quickly stopped. Clubs are another place you would avoid if you felt strongly about smoke. Cigarette's contain health damaging particles and are a health hazard to many.. Smoking is the leading cause of life threatening diseases and should be done away from public places. More young people go to clubs and it is a bad habit for them to be breathing in smoke. One of the most dangerous things is passive smoking and in clubs this is what non smokers are doing.


Many people nowadays, love to dine in a fine restaurant that caters people different cuisine and delicacies. But unfortunately, there are customers who really have to smoke especially after a heavy meal. The very main reason why people smoke after a heavy meal is for them to digest the food immediately right after eating. Smoking is a bad habit, it can harm others, it can cause air pollution and especially it can also cause fire. But we have to respect everyone's daily routine and habit, we cannot tell them to stop smoking especially if they are use to it. Telling them to stop smoking may also cause arguments and may lead to decreasing number of customers of a restaurant. As a student, I suggest that every restaurant should have a smoking area in order to have a organize and friendly environment. At least if they have smoking area, they can do whatever they want and they cannot harm others who doesn't want to be suffocated by the cigarette. But the Restaurant Management should not tolerate smoking, they also have to put a reminder that cigarette smoking is dangerous to they're health and the Smoking Area was made to protect from harm the Second hand Smoker.


I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants for a number of reasons. First, such activity causes non smokers to involuntarily acquire health problems and may trigger them, especially those with asthma. Of course, restaurants have enclosed areas in the restaurants that are specifically for smokers, but there is a high chance that the ventilation systems of such restaurants may account for the exposure of non smokers to second hand smoke. Second, it defeats the purpose of non smokers to go to such restaurants because it affects the appetite of non smoking customers. The scent of smoke, or tobacco for that matter, accounts for their loss of appetite. This is also a disadvantage for the restaurant management, since this affects their overall sales. Finally, the fact that smoking is allowed in restaurants encourages the fact that people can smoke in public places. In the Philippines, the act of smoking in public is already considered against the law and yet people continue to do such an act. I believe that it is the responsibility of the private sector and the government sector to take action and to inform and discourage smokers in engaging in smoking. Smoking is a dangerous act that not only detrimental to the health of the consumer and those around him/her, but it is also a habit that is lavish and does not yield anything good to our society.


Smoking is one of the hobbies of many people. They said smoking can forget their problems. But for me its not. They also said that if you smoke you are being social. Smoking is not good in our health. It can harm our internal organs such as heart and lungs. For me it is only for fun and hobby. The statement smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country, I agree. Because first of all restaurants is a place that we eat our food. We know that it is a public place. But if you smoke there, the smoke that came from the cigarette will harm the food and people around you. For example in a restaurant. My friend is eating in a simple restaurant. The man who sited beside her smoke. While she is eating she felt that there is something smells bad. Then she found out that the guy is smoking. She called the attention of the manager of the restaurant and told to him that they must banned cigarette smoking because some of its toxins may come to the food that we eat. We can be sick because of that. Most of the restaurants are in air conditioned, so if someone will smoke, the customers who are eating there can suffocate.


First of all, smoking is bad for your health and others. What more if there are people around you, consuming their own food and are exposed to your second hand smoke? Smoking can go into people's food, thus intoxicating their food with second hand smoke. Second hand smoke in the other hand, is more dangerous than inhaling and exhaling your own smoke. This could lead other customers to not enjoy the environment and not like what they are eating. Especially to customers that have asthma and people who really hate smoke. Smoking inside a restaurant is not the right place. If you really can't stop yourself, you can smoke in a filtered room or a smoking area. Smoking is not good for anybody. It can reduce your lifespan for minutes, hours, or even days. If you want to abuse yourself for it, might as well do it in a place where you cannot affect anybody. You can damage the lungs of older people with lung problems and even children. You might even influence younger children if you smoke in restaurants because they might think it is okay to do so. If you are to smoke in a restaurant, you must be aware and considerate of other people who want to eat and have a good time. Might as well do it somewhere else or not smoke at all.


No smoking please! Addictive, destructive, and lethal! That's how I describe smoking. Once you are in, it's hard to get out. Smoking must be banned on public places and establishments because smoking in public places increases the risk in a person's health. Smoking bans should also be strictly implemented around the school perimeter. There are various reasons why people smoke. One of these is peer pressure that is hard to reject. The worst part is that if you enjoyed it, it will be the start of your dig to your own grave. Another reason why people smoke is depression. People who are depressed have high tendencies to smoke or drink. They engaged in smoking for they believe it's a cure for pain they feel. Some say it's their stress reliever. Through smoking, they find relief from the stress and problem they need to face. Smoking has become a societal trend. One feels he needs to smoke in order to be part of something. Others have also developed a perception that a person who smokes is cook especially when it comes to smoking men. However, others find smokers as a lower kind of person. There are a number of persons who wish to avoid smoking because it's various health effects, but they can't easily because a cigarette has a very addictive content much more addictive than heroin and cocaine. People who smoke are prone to respiratory diseases as well as the people around them. They are not only jeopardizing their health, but also the people around them. There are several diseases one can acquire through smoking but the most ultimate effect is death. All these could be avoided just by not engaging to smoke. Smoking ban would help a person discipline himself and maybe it can help him quit smoking slowly.


Smoking is a common activity for adults and teenagers. For adults, smoking is a past time even if they know what could happen to them. Today, teenagers smoke because it is the trend. They think that if they don't smoke, they won't be cool or would get left out. Based on my experience, some smokers that I know learned smoking from their friends because they were pressured to do it. And as time passed by, they got used to it and got addicted more and more each day they smoked. Another reason why teenagers smoke is curiosity. Since we are young we tend to try new things. Because of our curiosity, we try smoking even without knowing what could happen to us. Some get influenced by family, advertisements and especially by the media Restaurant is a place for people to eat and socialize. They go to restaurants to satisfy themselves with food when they're hungry. It is really dangerous for people to smoke in restaurants because of health risks to every people who might inhale the smoke. It can affect the food that we are eating. The smoke might give bacteria to the food and drinks we intake that might cause sickness to every people and also destroy the good environment that the restaurant is located to. I believe that smoking should be banned from restaurants because for me it should have a right place to smoke not in a restaurant. I personally hate smoking especially in restaurants I don't feel well when I inhale smokes. It's really not good to the health of every people. In a restaurant different people are inside of it adults, teenagers, toddlers and I personally have care for them. If smoking can't be banned in a restaurant at least put a smoking area for every restaurant so it would be fair.


I strongly believe that smoking should be banned from restaurants because it is really unhealthy for peopleto inhale smoke which is very hazardous for their health; However, if smoking is totally banned from restaurants, I believe that there will be a human rights violation so I would suggest that there should be a designated area for smoking. Most of the Filipinos are not aware of the smoking ban especially those in rural areas unlike in other countries, it is highly implemented and imposed penalty for the violators. I had interviewed some Overseas Filipino Worker s regarding smoking and most of their answerswere YES and it is strictly implemented but there's also some who violate the rules but penalty is highly implemented like in Singapore and United Kingdom as far as I know, smoking in non designated areas is stirctly prohibited so why can't we also implemeent it and for our good health as well. Our senators have passed a bill on smoking and it was implemented but not applied throughout the country so I would like to suggest that there should be a designated smmoking area for smoking outside the restaurants and this bill should likewise be implemented effective immediately and there should be dessmination campaign for the good of the people and the country as well.


I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because as we observe nowadays that smoking is widely practiced by billions of people out there and as concern citizen of my country I think that prohibiting of smoking in restaurants is a way of minimizing or helping other smokers to quit their hobby. Aside from that we all know that smoking is very dangerous to our health, even you are not a smoker once you inhaled the nicotine it has also an effect to you especially for those people who are sensitive or the asthmatic. smoking has different side effects. Even if it feels good and cool to the smoker they didn't noticed that they are killing there selves. One of the most possible causes of using cigarette is lung cancer, heart problem, skin diseases and aside from the bad effects to their health they contribute to air pollution that can cause also global warming. Aside from that it also annoys some customers because their foods and clothes get stinks like cigarette. Some says that it should not be banned because it can cause a loss to the business but as far as I know there are some restaurants here in our country which smoking is prohibited but still they have a good circulation of business. I think it depends only how they handled their business and if you are going to see the positive side of it, it is one of the simplest way to discipline people and gave importance to their health


I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because almost everyone goes into a restaurant. Eating in the restaurants is like the bonding of most of the families. Meaning their children will be with them, so there is a big chance that they will be exposed to those people smoking. Not all children are being guided by their parents and or may have no idea what smoking is. So children may think that it is good and cool thing that they may adopt it, what they don't know is it doesn't provide any single good benefit for our body. Smoking kills. To my mind, smoking in public places, especially in restaurants and cafes must be banned. Restaurants are for eating, not smoking. People who do not smoke suffer from fume and smell. The scientists are sure that passive smoking is harmful for our health at the same value. I want to say that banning smoking is necessary measure for health of nation. In my opinion, we have to prohibit advertisement of cigarettes on mass media and parents have to explain the damage of cigarettes to their children. We all are responsible for future of our generations. Those countries, who had already forbidden smoking in public places had done a big step forward, compare to the countries that have not done it yet.


Smoking has been a popular means of feeling good among many people today. Often if not, people get used to smoking in almost an place they go to. This includes public places, such as restaurants. Smoking people tend to forget about the other people around them. They tend to be apathetic to the reactions of others towards such an act. Sometimes, they don't understand that the people around them vary in age, and therefore somehow allow the elderly, and even the youngest of children (including infants or babies) to do indirect second hand smoking. This has been a common conflict among many in public places, restaurants in particular. While people are happily eating out with their families, or even the whole clan, still others prefer to smoke. This should not be. These people do not have the right to disrupt the happiness and meriment of hungry people and families around them, causing to ultimately hurting them indirectly as well. Smokers do not understand that others lose their appetite in food places, once exposed to hazardous chemicals. This is why smoking in public places, namely restaurants, should be banned. If the managers cannot simply abolish the act in their restaurants, then these managers should at least be responsible enough to create a'smoking area. ' Even a tiny space would suffice for the damage smokers unintentionally commit.


People should stop smoking especially in restaurants because every year, number of smokers rise by 16%. More number of people die from second hand smoking and more children start smoking by the age of 12 or even earlier. Its advisable to hide kids from seeing adults smoke because kids get curious and influenced. I would always wonder why people get so caught up with it. Its just a flavor of air that gets in your system and it wouldn't even do good on you instead, it would take your life away by getting 8 months of your lifetime with each cigarette butt. Adults even wast almost a whopping 2000 bucks every year just to buy a daily box of cigar. Most of the generation today have lost their minds. Why would you spend thousands of cash every year just to slowly take down your life. Well, some people might say that it's worth spending thousands of cash every year for the relaxation and pleasure but they never thought of the long run like what if they end up having to pay for the hospitalization which is worth hundreds and thousands of money. The positive thing is Starbucks have now been banningsmokers around the coffe shop area. With this law implemented, more restaurants, coffee shops and fast food chains will also follow Starbucks and other bigtime restaurants like Tablea. Auntie Annie's, Sunburst, Dimsum Break, Gustavian still being successful amid the non smoking law, they wou


Smoking in restaurants must be banned because banned for many reasons despite that it makes you look more sociable and more elite, then it is not a good reason for letting you smoke in a restaurant. It should also be banned because they are being selfish because it's not only their air but also our air. The owner of the restaurant must have his or her own foresight about the restaurant he or she wants to have, from ones satisfaction to one's pleasure and desires. Also, based on my research, the article directly says, However, new evidence shows that second hand smoke is more dangerous to smokers than first thought. A new study was done by the Environmental Health on smokers, who had to smoke in enclosed places. (Source: http://voices. yahoo. com/second hand smoke more dangerous smokers than 5442447. html (11/10/12; 17:02)) They are not just harming themselves, but they're also harming the people around them. Smoking may make you look more sociable and elite, but has it ever come to your ind that there are also other people around you? Smoking may be just for yourself, but have you wondered or crossed your mind about the harm you are bringing to your dear non smoking companions when you smoke with them? I think smoking must not only be banned in restaurants, but it should also have a high tax around 110% of its original price because despite that it is not healthy, it is also contributing to the worlds litters, pollution and additional destruction of the Philippine streets and environment.


For majority's sake Smoking has undeniably put many to ill and death. Worse, it is not only the smoker but also the innocent second and third degree inhalers are affected and received unwanted risks. As a result, several countries have completely banned smoking in public areas such as schools, public utility vehicles and even hospitals. Reckoning the number of people being affected, it is the time for the government to consider a total smoking ban in the restaurants in the country. Vulnerability also speaks for it for most of their patrons are families often composed of children of young ages. Not only that harmful smokes and fumes bring threat in their emotional, physiological and physical strength, but also they become susceptible for acquiring that vice, for young ones think that adults ' things are cool and in fashion and that when many does it is right. Also in the business side, it may lessen the restaurant patrons, for they lose the comfort and pleasure of eating. Thus, profit may fall. Yes, smokers are also their clients but they must consider the majority. Who knows, in this quest for saving more lives, the smoker himself/ herself may realized the value of life – his life and the life around him/her.


WE ARE HUMAN HAVING THE RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES BUT ARE YOU SURE YOU ARE DOING GOOD? ARE YOU AWARE IN DIFFERENT RULES AND REGULATIONS, ARE YOU SURE YOU FOLLOW IT CORRECTLY? WE ARE HUMAN USING OUR SENSES WE CAN KNOW IF WE ARE DOING CORRECT OR NOT, AND THIS IS THE TOPIC: SMOKING SHOULD BE COMPLETELY BANNED AT ALL RESTAURANTS IN THE COUNTRY, I AM DISAGREE, WHY? WE CANNOT PLEASE ALL PEOPLE TO STOP SMOKING IN JUST WINK OF OUR EYES IT TAKES TIME TO FOLLOW THE RULES, THE LEADER AND OFFICIALS IN DIFFERENT COUNTRY MUST SETTLE GOOD RULES AND REGULATIONS WITH RESPECT ALSO TO THE RICH ONES. THE GOVERNMENT MUST TREAT THEIR PEOPLE EQUALLY SO PEOPLE WILL OBEY THEM ALSO BECAUSE THEY KNOW THAT THEY RESPECT THE DIGNITY EACH OF US. WE ARE HUMAN, WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO COMMIT SINS AND MISTAKES AND WE CANNOT TURN THE NEXT DAY WITH PURITY IN OUR SOUL AND BODY, BECAUSE IF YOU THINK YOURSELF YOU DOn't COMMITTED ANY SINS AND MISTAKES WITHIN THE SPECIFIC DAY MAYBE YOU DOn't HAVE ANY REASONS TO STAY ON EARTH AND MISSIONS IN LIFE, IN SHORT YOU ARE DEATH.


Yes, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. At the first place smoking must be forbidden or banned in the country. Smoking doesn't help, smoking cannot bear benefits instead it causes danger to health or in other worse case scenarios death to the smoker. It has become fashionable in the world today to condemn smoking. However, smoking is still dangerous to one's health and people around them, the smoker. I admit that cigarettes companies are the major contributors or large tax payers it helps our country but we suffer worse than we benefit. As 15 years old non smoker college student I have the perspective of a bad side of smoking. I am not fascinated by the benefit of smoking which is relaxation, how would you relax if your body is collapsing due to harmful or dangerous substances inside a single stick of cigarette. Smoking kills, Smoking causes cancer, second hand smoke is dangerous. Now, is there any major reason to contradict my allegations towards this smoking ban topic? Thus, Smoking must be banned at all restaurants in the country. It must be banned due to dangerous fruits to the people who use it and people around a smoker.


Smoking in restaurants should be strictly prohibited because other customers might lose their apetites and leave and they could also complain about that situation of them inhaling the stinky cigarette smoke, i have read before that second hand smoking, the ones who directly inhale the cigarette smoke; is much more dangerous that smoking itself because second smokers directly inhale the chemical filled smoke from cigarettes and has bigger chances of the second hand smoker to be prone to diseases. In some restaurants smoking inside is allow and the other non smokers tend to complain about the smell of the cigarettes smoke and this causes the restaurants to lose some customers because of the smoker complaints. In some restaurants smoking is banned because the place is aircondition and the fire alarms might turn on but in other open restaurants and fastfood chain there are specific spots for smokers to smoke while they eat. In some restaurants (restobar) they let smokers smoke anywhere they want because they also sell cigarettes so it would increase their income and they even provide ash trays. Today some restaurants does not allow smoking inside the vicinity. I therefore conclude that new restaurant managements strictly prohibit and discourage smoking.


Smoking is one of the factors that increase the death rate in the world. We all know that smoking is really dangerous in everyone's health not only to the one who smokes but also to the person that inhaled the polluted air from the cigarette. Restaurants, on the other hand, are the place which we must assure for our health because it is where we are eating. And for that, we must be totally secured that the place where we eat and the food we are eating are all good and away from all harmful microbes that might cause illnesses. And just imagine, you are inside a restaurant and you will notice someone who is smoking there. We all know that no one will like that thing if it happened. Not just because of the smoke it might release inside but also to the effect of it in each individuals health. Restaurants are mostly air conditioned so that all customers can smell and inhale the polluted air. The effect of smoking is two times much dangerous for those who can inhale the smoke. We can get asthma and some sickness. Restaurants are place that people is usually going because food is one of the basic needs of a human being. The most dangerous effect of this smoking to those smokers is to have a lung cancer. Like me I got my asthma from smoking. This should be banned in all restaurants in our country because it can take us many sick problems.


Needless to say, we are all familiar to the hazards of smoking. We know that smoking is bad to our health; it contains dangerous chemicals like Nicotine that can cause serious damage to our health and various complications which can result to death. Nevertheless people still persist on smoking despite the fact that they are damaging their health. But sadly, not only do they compromise their health, but also the others around them because the smoke they emit from cigarettes are more deadly, this is what we call second hand smoking. I do believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants all over the country. This does not only make non smokers comfortable, but it also promotes good health to others by not making them smoke whenever they want. But this presents a great risk to the restaurants ' owners if most or even some of its customers are smokers. If they, for instance, cannot smoke at a certain non smoking restaurant, they might tend to look for other places to eat where they could freely smoke. To resolve this dilemma, I think restaurants should have their own smoking areas for the comfort of both the smokers and non smokers. That is why this issue should be addressed with serious caution because not only the government is held responsible but also the private sectors controlling these restaurants.


Smoking in Restaurants should be Prohibited Food is one of the basic needs of an individual in order to survive. One way to satisfy this need is through restaurant which prepares and serves food and drinks to people. But nowadays, some of the restaurants in the country are not only for eating, it become also a place where people are free in smoking which should not be tolerated because smoking does not just have ill effects on the smoker, it is a public health hazzard. We all know that smoking has several effects on human health which are serious and in many cases, deadly. First, the ingredients in cigarettes can cause internal malfunctioning of organs up to the inefficiency of the body's immune system when somebody inhaled the smoke of it. Those who inhale second hand smoke on a regular basis have the same risks as smokers. Moreover, there's also a cancer causing agents (carcinogens) in tobacco smoke that damage important genes that control the growth of cells, causing them to grow abnormally or to reproduce too rapidly. Furthermore, smoking may also increase the risk for respiratory infections when the smoke is inhaled. Lastly, it can affect the impression of every customer towards the restaurant, because cleanliness and proper hygiene is very important component in attracting more consumers. Some people give more importance on the cleanliness than the quality of food. That's why I strongly believe that smoking in public places especially in all restaurants in the counrty should be banned.


Some things that people do because of this belief are drinking liquor, gambling, smoking cigarettes and many more. Though we know most of this affect our health, we do not stop ourselves from doing it. Some businesses take advantage of this and would tolerate such actions. For example, the people who likes to smoke cigarettes. Restaurants have two areas for their customers and they are the smoking area and the non smoking area. This is one way for them to draw more customers. Knowing that the number of people who smoke are increasing they use it as a tool to gain more customers. Instead of helping others to stop smoking and remind them the negative effect it has. That is why, there are times that we ourselves should realize these things by our own. Though it may draw customers, it could affect the health of other customers and the staff as well aside from themselves. In the end of the day, the question we should ask ourselves is, would we be able to face the consequences that follows ? Such as the guilt that would drown us through out our life. The fact that we could've avoided this outcome, if we had just stop and had not let fear defeated us. And most of all, the fact that it is already too late to change now and repent.


There are two reasons to why smoking should be banned in restaurants. The first reason would be because of health purposes. A lot of people have already died suffering from diseases caused by the smoke. And it is not a quick, funny death. The death will be a slow, painful one   torturing one's mind and soul. So many organ dysfunctions can be the result from smoking cigarettes, pot, and also weed. Pancreas, liver, lungs, kidneys and some other body parts can all be shut down after consistently smoking for some time. Smoking in restaurants should be banned because the air inside the restaurant is tightly packed. When smokers light up their cigars, the smoke will tend to spread inside the room, therefore, polluting the small, full of foods area. I do believe the smokers tend to think they are cool when they are smoking, light up a match, put it on the smoke and blow the smoke to someone's face ain't cool to me though. It's a form of disrespect. Some are smoking usually for the sake of being relaxed. They will find living difficult old years of age if one is a heavy smoker even if it is during his/her young years. Moreover, there are people who will suffer more than the smoker itself. These people are the ones who inhale the smoke after the smoker exhales it. We call them the second hand smokers. You see, there is no benefit when smoking cigarettes. To prevent these kinds of tragic incidents, government should ban the production and supply of cigarettes, pot, weed and all other kinds of guilty pleasures in their local civilization. They should also prevent importing these.


NO SMOKING. we always see this line especially in public areas like restaurants, malls, public vehicles and other public places. Some restaurants in the country allows smoking inside the area for their customers. But there are negative effects for allowing some customers to use cigarettes inside the restaurants especially for those people with asthma and non users of cigarettes who are also affected. We all know that smoking is dangerous to our health. this sentence is not new to all of us. we are constantly reminded on the disadvantages of cigarette smoking in every advertisement. smoking is the leading cause of lung diseases. But not only the cigarette users are at risk, even non users of cigarettes who inhaled the secondhand smoke from it can still be affected with their health. Too much exposure to secondhand smoke can be dangerous, and sometimes dealy. To protect the halth of the people from secondhand smoke, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in our country. I we banned it we can protect not only the people but also our environment. It can also lessen the smoke pollution in our country and preventing to spread lung diseases. also, we can protect our yout from early smoking. Preventing smoking in public places reduces the visibility of smoking to teens, making it less likely they will start smoking at a young age. Thus, we must be strong on preserving our health as a precious gift from God.


In the perfect situation, smoking policy would be set by bar or restaurant owners, and customers would patronize the establishments with the policy they prefer. Customers would decide without the government's help if they want to avoid smoke filled rooms or enter them. They might even choose to sit in an area sectioned off for smokers or non smokers, but the ultimate issue is choice. When the government starts telling restaurant owners what their customers can and cannot do, the government is overstepping its boundaries. When considering the bad effects of smoking, many smokers can't help but to feel trapped because of their addiction to nicotine. Cigarettes are the worst method of getting nicotine into your body. Many bad chemicals such as tar and formaldehyde, and carcinogens, clog your lungs up. Smoking is responsible for a host of respiratory conditions. It damages air passages and can cause emphysema. Cigarettes also worsen conditions such as pneumonia and asthma. Many longtime smokers suffer from chronic cough and excessive phlegm. Our government aims to protect us to save us from society's evils. However, in an attempt to protect the public from the effects of passive smoking. Banning smoking in all public restaurants violates this principle and jeopardizes our freedom. Smoking should not be banned in all restaurants. A ban on smoking imposes unnecessary governmental interference in private business, affects business owners negatively, and discriminates against smokers.


At the moment, the number of smokers in the country is increasing. Smokers can be seen almost in all places. But smoking should be done in limited places only because it affects not only the health of the smokers but also those of the people who are around them, it also affects our environment since it contributes to pollution. Smoking should not be banned in all restaurants in the country, but instead it should be done only in some designated areas. Today, smoking is already a habit of many people that cannot be stopped. And we should also respect them if it is what they wantSmokers should consider and respect other people who can be affected by their smoking, for example, a smoker may not know if one person who is near him has asthma or allergic to smoke. I myself am a smoker and I find it stress relieving to smoke wile sipping my cup of coffee in a restaurant. However, I am mindful of the customers who are also within the area because I know for a fact that my smike may irritate them. Assign areas for smoking in restaurants so that people like me can have place to go to where I can eat and drink and at the same time indulge in a stress relieving activity which is smoking.


Smoking must be banned in restaurant because smoking in restaurant can lose the appetite of people in the cause of the air quality being inhaled. Smoking can affect our health. This may lead to lung cancer, asthma, bronchitis and heart disease. It is ironic to hear that every smoker is aware with the effects of smoking but they still continue this bad habit. Once, my family and I were in a restaurant and the people sitting beside our table were smoking. There was an air conditioner and the smoke was blown to us. We don't mind it, we just covered our nose but the other people sitting next to us were very angry. We heard that he told his son: Smoking is very disgusting. It may burn your lungs and I don't want to see you smoking when you grow up. After a while, they didn't even order something and they walked out from the restaurant. See how smoking can turn down and lose customers from a restaurant? Even to us, we want to walk away from the restaurant but we already ordered our food before those smokers arrived. We were just to try a new restaurant that time. If we just knew that they'll arrive, we might not eat in that restaurant.


I have been exposed to smoking ever since I was a child. People who smoke are everywhere, at home, outside, in malls and restaurants. I have always been part of the scene wherein smokers are in here and in there. Restaurants who won't ban smoking should at least have smoking areas away from air conditioned rooms. The banning of smoking in all restaurants in the country should at least be banned if restaurants can't accommodate to have smoking areas for smokers. They should also be strict in their no smoking policies. I say this because one smoker can change the lives of many around them. He may influence another, or may cause lung cancer to those who happen to inhale dangerous second hand smoke. Smoking should at least be banned in restaurants all over the country, maybe also in malls and others alike. Smoking really is dangerous not only for the person smoking, but also for the people around him. Smoke exhaled can really be dangerous and can cause a lot of problems to others and for the world. Imagine people smoking everywhere, polluting the air around us together with chlorofluorocarbon, carbon and sulphur oxides, carbon dioxides and monoxides, and other radioactive pollutants that come from us. The use of factories and air conditioners everyday should be enough for the world to handle, and resist global warming. But imagine the world population smoking, I think that's just too much. In my opinion, if smoking can be banned in restaurants all over the country, why not make it apply to the whole country as well? I therefore conclude that the banning of smoking is extremely important to help our planet to live for our sake too.


I agree if smoking will be banned completely at all restaurants in the country, because restaurant is a place where we eat together with our family and at that time the children's are there. And restaurant not the proper place for smoking, because some restaurants are not open air the smoke from the cigarette might smell by the other people in the restaurant, we need to consider that the other people there are enjoying with their family, or some people bring their visitors in the restaurant for them to have formal meeting or something important to talked about. As what I said we need to consider some people or the other customers specially children when they saw someone doing something odd they might follow the action also. We all know that smoking is bad for our health it brings a lot of illness to those people who are the one smoking and the others whom are not. The people who are not smoking and got the illness they got it from the so called second hand smoke. I do not know why people still wanted to smoke even if they know the consequences of their action. I do not know if they are not afraid of the illnesses that they will get from smoking. And they are not also thinking of the money that they are spending to buy those things


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for the sake of everyone's health. Restaurants are for eating not for smoking. Most of non smoker people don't like the smell of the cigarettes. I heard from the television that it is more dangerous if you inhale the smoke from the cigarette than smoking the cigarette. Restaurant is a public place where many people come and go to eat and to respect them, smokers should not smoke inside the restaurant, in the bathroom of the restaurant and near the door or exit place of the restaurant because we don't know if there is a person who have a disease in the lungs or if it's not good for them to smell cigarette smoke. If smokers still continue to smoke in public, people who do not smoke will suffer from fume and smell. Another thing, there are a lot of children in public places and restaurants. It is not good for them if they see an adult smoking because they can learn from it and they will imitate and try to smoke too even at their young age. Most especially, smoking is very bad for the health of a person. Even we live in a democratic country, where it is free to do anything you like, we must remeber that we need to respect other people in our surroundings. We, non smokers doesn't disturb or prohibit your individual freedom and selection. In exchange of that, you should also respect people who don't smoke and don't like the smell of the cigarettes.


I think smoking in public places such as indoors of a restaurant shoudn't be allowed. There's a few good reasons for me saying that. It has been proved that smoking kills you. Besides, would you like someone smoking next to you if you have your baby with you? Not only that, But I don't think I would like anyone to be smelling the nasty smoke odors while they're eating. I also think that it shoudn't be allowed because since it's indoors all the smoke gets caught inside and it can get sort of hard to even breathe. Choosing to smoke or not to smoke is a right that every human has. Those who choose to smoke should respect non smokers while in enclosed areas. Many public buildings have a smoke free policy. Some restaurants also have a smoke free policy, but the majority do not. Having a smoke free policy in all restaurants creates numerous positive rewards. Banning smoking in restaurants will benefit the smoker, the business, and the non smoker. Certain chemicals become more dangerous in small buildings. Smoking outside compared to smoking in a restaurant differs enormously. Outdoors, smoke spreads throughout a greater area. In restaurants however, smoke spreads throughout a small area. It can help not just the restaurant it self but also the society.


Smoking is very dangerous to our health. Regular smoking can lead to a serious disease like cancer and the worst is death. A lot of people don't know its bad effects, not only to the people who smoke but also to the people around them who inhale it. Some say that once you start doing it, you will get addicted, you will get used to it and you will never stop smoking. One reason why people smoke is because they see others doing it. They maybe are influenced by the people who surround them like their parents, friends or other people related to them. A lot of people smoke everywhere. But, there are some places where they should not smoke. One of the places where smoking must be banned is the restaurant. Restaurant is a place where people eat. A lot of people come and go out from the restaurant. So, it means that a lot of people will be affected; smokers or even non smokers will be affected. 169 It also damages the taste of the food served. It increases the maintenance rate of the restaurant because of the cigarettes that burn or damage the furniture and other stuffs. But, in the end people should never try smoking. People should not only think about their selves but also think about the others that will be affected by their actions.


Many people have the unfortunate need to smoke while eating every now and then. To accommodate this need, there have been restaurants that allow their customers to smoke. The restaurants are aptly able to satisfy the needs of the customers by separating the smoking section from the rest. However, there have been several instances when the smoke from the separated section reaches the nonsmoking area which cause discomfort with most nonsmoking customers. An instance would be the opening of the door leading to the smoking section which consequently allowed the smoke from that section to move to the nonsmoking area. The possible discomfort of the customers can be result of several reasons. One of the common reasons is the smell. For a nonsmoker, the smell of cigarette can be quite repulsive and can even cost their appetite at times. Another possible reason is that they can become second hand smokers which are a more dangerous situation than first hand smokers according to research. Also, they tend to have the feeling that part of the smoke seem to be attached to the food it passes through, further resulting in their reluctance to eat. It can then be noticed that the risk is that the majority of a restaurant's customers, who are nonsmokers, can be quite unsatisfied. Their discomfort can be factor in the decrease of a restaurant's profit and it cannot be denied that their health can be affected in a negative manner. Also, a smoker can always make ways such that they will not have the urge to smoke while eating. Furthermore, there is a slight chance of lessening their smoking if they do not smoke while eating. Thus, it would be better and healthier to completely ban smoking in all restaurants.


In my opinion, cigarette smoking should be banned not only in restaurants or in commercial establishments, but in the whole of the country. Smoking brings many complications not only to the health of smokers, but also to the environment and the health of non smokers. Cigarette smoking's bad effects to the body include addiction, bad breath, and being the main source of lung cancer. Cigarette smoking also pollutes the air with carbon monoxide, which destroys our atmosphere. Another thing is even if you don't smoke, just inhaling side stream smoke or smoke exhaled by smokers, makes you a candidate for lung cancer or other lifestyle diseases brought about by chain smoking. In fact, many doctors I have heard from said that its effects are worse than inhaling smoking from a cigarette butt. For me, cigarette smoking should be condemned in the society for I believe it makes people waste away their life. It is of no advantage to people and it only cuts their lifespan, thereby, lessening the time they could have spent happily with their families. Our environment is also very affected to the point that our ecology suffers irreversible damage. Even though it has been long a part of our lives, I don't think it is ever too late to quit it.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurant in the country. Smoking in restaurants could affect other customers in the restaurant. This could cause discomfort for other customers. Some people lose their appetite in eating when they smell smoke of the cigarette. Other customers do not like the smell of tobacco thus smoking in restaurants could cause minor or major conflicts between the customers. Restaurants are considered as a sign of elegance and class, if people would smoke in restaurants, it would tarnish the image of a respectable restaurant. It could also destroy the sanitation in the restaurant since the smell of the smoke is not pleasant to the human nose. Improper sanitation of restaurant could lead to the closing of the particular restaurant. Originally, restaurant s are not the proper place for smokers to consume their cigars since, since restaurants are places where people could dine properly. Smoking is not considered as dining. Cigarettes are not counted as food or a substitute for a meal. Smoking should be allowed only in certain places and the restaurants are not included in those places. Smoking may be considered a meal for other Filipinos but they should not be done on places such as restaurants.


I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country because it is inappropriate to smoking while someone is trying to eat a meal. A person who is not smoker can inhale the smoke and get second hand smoke which is a health risk. Smoking is already a bad addiction for many people, but it is also bad for the people that do not smoke. Many people today are dying because of lung cancer caused by smoking and or second hand smoke. Someone that smokes knows the risks of smoking and second hand smoke and therefore they should be aware who to smoke by and when it is appropriate to smoke and when it is not. Banning smoking in restaurants and other public places may sound easy but it is a challenge for some people because they can't even go a half hour without having a cigarette. Smokers say that they cannot stop smoking because they have been doing it for years and it is an addiction. They also say that the places where they usually smoke the most are in the restaurants, bars and clubs. They smoke here the most because they spend a couple of hours in these places.


For me, Smoking in restaurants is very bad and unethical. It must be banned Immediately. In fact, In all the studies it was observed that the restaurant smoking ban had had a direct effect. After the ban there was an immediate reduction in the number of heart infarct victims admitted to hospitals. They should smoke on the right place like a smoking area or something. I've actually developed asthma and I 'm extremely sensitive to smoke of any sort because of being around it so much when I was younger. I think there should be certain smoking places like little areas around for people to smoke in. That way they could still smoke but bystanders wouldn't need to be exposed to it. I think all restaurants should ban smoking. I care about my health. Definitely they shouldn't be allowed to smoke in family friendly places where children and babies are. If smoking is something they're going to do, they don't have to share the negative effects with everyone. If they want to slowly kill themselves they can do it in their own homes and not where other people are going to be affected by it.


Should Smoking be banned completely? In my opinion, I believe that smoking should be completely banned. Not only is smoking any form of tobacco dangerous to your health, but it is also bad for the health of those around you. Smoking or Non Smoking Should There Be A Choice? Imagine sitting in a restaurant unable to enjoy a meal due to the cloud of smoke coming from a neighbor's table. The fact that there was not a designated area for smokers has put the smoker and the non smoker in an uncomfortable situation. However, smoking should not be banned in public places because it is the smoker's choice to smoke just as it is the non smokers choice not to smoke saying that We've got to do more to protect people in public places and clean up the air that all of us share. For non smokers, inhaling someone else's cigarette smoke can be very aggravating. In the perfect situation, smoking policy would be set by bar or restaurant owners, and customers would patronize the establishments with the policy they prefer. Customers would decide—without the government's help—if they want to avoid smoke filled rooms or enter them. They might even choose to sit in an area sectioned off for smokers or non smokers, but the ultimate issue is choice. When the government starts telling restaurant owners what their customers can and cannot do, the government is overstepping its boundaries. Our government aims to protect us—to save us from society's evils. However, in an attempt to protect the public from the effects of passive smoking (second hand smoke)—of which, the statistical evidence does not... support a conclusion that there are substantive health effects...


Smoking should be banned in restaurants because people eating in the restaurants smell the scent of the cigarette and while they are eating they cannot eat their food properly and they cause pollution inside the restaurants. When you have asthma and you still beside to a smoker and you're trying to eat in peace and the smoker having a smoke beside you and its irritating right? And it affects your lungs and you're going to have asthma and it's not your fault for having that, it's the smoker's fault and what more inside the car, your friends smokes in the car, then it's air conditioned, then the smell of the cigarette are circulating the air conditioned car and the smell can scented your cars interior and some kids can cause them asthma. What they don't tell you in cigarette ads they want you to become addicted. They worry when those numbers decline because they need new smokers to replace the ones who die each day from smoking related illness. Many teens start smoking because of the fact that they have friends or older relative who smoke and influenced them to smoke cigarettes. Some teens look at smoking as a way to get to parties, dates, or other difficult social situations. Smoking gives them something to do with their hands and makes them feel older or more sophisticated. Some teens smoke because they look to young and that smoking may make them feel more like an adult. SMOKING KILLS! STOP SMOKING!


Smoking is the most popular bad habit of people nowadays. Advertisements about smoking which says that smoking is very dangerous to your health is everywhere and we can see them everyday but still people especially teenagers continue to smoke. Others say that smoking is cool; it is their way of relieving stress, and mostly influenced by others. Sometimes when friends want to talk to each other they stay in a place where they can eat, drink, talk at the same time, surf the net and smoke. This is why smoking in restaurants must be banned, because others who want to eat only and spend the time with their friends or family or considered the secondhand smokers breathe the same air that the smokers breathe. So once the smokers smoke the smoke that comes from the cigarette combines with the air we breathe so when other people breathe they can be classified as smokers too or worse cause smokers smoke with filters secondhand smokers inhale the smoke without filter. That's why smoking in restaurants must be banned cause instead of destroying the smoker's health only it destroys everyone's health in the restaurant. Smoking must ne banned not only in restaurants but also in public places where most of the people in a certain place stay, walk, meet etc.


Smoking should defiantly be banned in public places. The places they do allow smoking might lose a bit of money, but it will also help with the health problems that occur. Most people believe that someone who is not in the smoking area of the public place will not be affected by the smoke, but smoke is able to spread in a room and affect the people around. Smoking causes many problems. First of all it pollutes the environment, secondly it harms not only the smokers but also the rest of the people who breathe the polluted air and thirdly if smoking is forbidden it will help smokers to quit smoking. The first advantage of prohibiting smoking in all public places is that the environment from finished cigarettes and empty packets will be eliminated. In all public places such as streets squares and many times inside buildings cigarettes butts can be found everywhere. I believe that this image is very disgusting and that my fellow citizens have a very bad habit to throw their cigarettes and the packets on the floor wherever they are except their house. This is a very serious problem which can be solved if the governments ban the smoking in all public places cigarettes are pollutant and put in danger the health of non smokers in public places. Unfortunately smokers like to include their habit in public like at home. I believe that if smoking banned in all public places speciallyin resraurants the amount of smokers that will quit smoking is going to increase. Smokers the most of the day are in public places such as work, shops, cafeteria's or college campuses so if they cannot smoke it will be easier for them to quit smoking.


Smoking has become very common and fashionable, especially among young boys. This habit usually begins at school when boys try to experiment with every new thing that they can lay their hands on. Despite the warnings given by doctors about the ill effects of smoking, people continue to smoke. Smokers are addicted to it, and even if they want to, they cannot refrain from picking up a cigar or cigarette and puffing away. Some youngsters smoke for the sake of society and some feel that would make them appear liberated and broadminded. In the beginning, a teenager may take a few puffs from his friend's cigarette; then comes a time when it becomes an indispensable part of his life. Several puffs lead to the formation of a habit. Soon smoking begins to affect the health of the smoker. He becomes a chain smoker. This smoke is toxic and the nicotine in the cigarette is known to cause cancer. It is ironic that despite the fact that every smoker is aware of the ill effects of smoking, he does not give it up. Tobacco companies are doing very well all over the world. Every packet of cigars or cigarettes has a warning inscribed in it: cigarette smoking is injurious to health. " Yet the smoker never reads this warning and even if he reads it he never pays heed to it.


Smoking is bad and hazardous for everyone's health. It has chemicals which can harm our body and later be a serious disease. We cannot dent the fact that there are millions or billions of smokers in the world and it is sad to know that even in public there are people who smoke. Restaurants are places where people eat or have a family bonding together. Eating is something we should respect and enjoy together with love ones and having smoke inside is not a good attitude towards others and we all know that second hand smokers are much affected than the first hand smokers. There are people for sure who would transfer from another restaurant if someone's smoking while they are eating. And besides smoking is not courteous because there might people who cannot enjoy what they are eating. Smoking might satisfy one's pleasure but smoking in public particularly in restaurant is not good. There are people who are eating that might having uneasiness while someone is smoking inside. Therefore, smoking should be banned in any restaurants because it only causes nothing but bad effects not only for our environment but also in our body


Restaurants are popular places where people usually smoke because what's better to do after eating, smoking. Is it necessary to smoke inside a restaurant? Of course not, because eating while smelling smoke would really ruin my appetite so as a customer I wouldn't want people smoking in a place where I am eating, it is very inappropriate. Normally people eating in a restaurant would go outside if they would want to smoke, only if the restaurant has no smoking area. Most restaurants now have smoking areas since a good number of people are smoking and it would be very inconvenient for them if they would still have to exit the venue just to smoke, that's why they built that area is for the people who smokes convenience, they could eat while smoke and no one will complain since they are in the smoking area. I am not a fan of smoking, and I am sure a good number of people aren't also, that is why I believe smoking should be banned in the restaurants because it would be very inappropriate for customers who do not smoke. A restaurant is a place to eat, not a place to smoke. It is very unhealthy, and you would also bring a health risk to other people's lives if you smoke in an area where it is closed. If a person would want to smoke, it would be better if he approached the smoking area, or proceed outside of the restaurant so that he would not disturb or make someone feel uncomfortable because of the putrid smell.


Smoking cigarettes is not an action that everyone enjoys. Not only does it irritate non smokers who do not appreciate the scent, but it also posts health risks for each and every one of us. With this as the case, I firmly agree with the proposition that smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants here in the Philippines. Restaurants are there to serve customers foods which are prepared hygienically. For people to smoke inside a restaurant completely defeats this purpose. Cigarettes contain numerous chemicals which may contaminate the food. Various customers are also present in restaurants. The ages and health conditions of these people may vary greatly. To smoke inside the establishment will not provide a healthy environment for everyone. It is not only a concern of the irritating scent, but rather the possible health complications that may be instantly triggered by cigarette smoke (i. e. asthma). Children exposed to smoke may also be prone to sicknesses and other diseases. Expecting mothers inhaling smoke may affect the health of their babies, as well. Should people wish to smoke, then they may so in appropriate smoking areas or at least outside the establishment concerned. Smoking in open areas will allow the smoke to dissipate into the environment. Although these are the possible alternatives to smoking inside the restaurants, smoking still isn't recommended due to its numerous ill effects to one's health.


Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country simply because restaurants are for eating while smoking areas are for smoking. There is a proper place for the right activity. Besides, who would want to smell second hand smoke while eating? Not only is it dangerous to the health, it is unappetizing. Moreover, assuming the role of the smoker, why would I eat while smoking? It is illogical. Imagine yourself going into a restaurant to eat. You smell the smoke, yet you can still resist it, so you proceed. While eating, you cannot smell the food because the smell of second hand smoke is stronger. You lose your appetite and left the restaurant, vowing to never come back ever again. You visit another restaurant yet the scenery repeats. In a parallel universe, imagine the country with a strict implementation of the no smoking policy in the restaurants. The world will be a better place for everyone, except for the smokers, of course. There is no doubt that the world will be a better place if this will be implemented. So what if the smokers lose a place to smoke? It discourages them from smoking thus preventing damage to their health.


Smoking is should be banned all restaurants because of the harmful effect to our body that we breathe in. Also of its effect in the air that creates air pollution due to smoke that has no good affect at all. For those who are addict in smoking therefore should be in all restaurants they have a policy that there are place that smoking is restricted and place where they can smoke so that people who are eating do not destructed by the smoke. In all the country I think it is more important that banning the cigarettes makes more people to live long life than this 20th century who have the most number of smokers that kills more people and cannot expand their lives in the age of 50+. In case of restaurants banning is not so effective to stop the smokers because they'll find way to smoke after they eat because it is their habit but if cigarettes is absence in the restaurants, definitely few customer will arrive because most of the customer smoke and free smoke in restaurants if few and countable because it is also their assets to engaging in business and to find ways how to earn more money.


When we go to restaurants we expect that we will have a good time. We expect that we could enjoy every meal that would be served to us. But all these things are ruined by some people who are so inconsiderate about what others feel. I am talking about the people who smoke inside restaurants. Smoking in general is not good and unhealthy. It affects you and the people around you. These facts are well known by all. In fact the smoker even knows that smoking is bad and still they keep on smoking. But my problem is do they really need to smoke everywhere they want even in restaurants? I have one good example of a smoker who does not pick a place when he smokes. It is my dad. My dad is known as a chain smoker he can finish two packs of cigarette in one day. He smokes anywhere he wants and at any time wants, but when we go out and eat in restaurant he controls himself not to smoke inside. He thinks about the people who will be affected around him, his family and even the people that he doesn't even know. If one person can control their urge not to smoke. Why can't others do the same?


The number of tobacco smokers around the world is continuously and rapidly growing. It is extremely disturbing and dismaying. Currently, there are about 1. 1 billion smokers worldwide. At this rate, that number is expected to increase to about 1. 6 billion in 2015. Nevertheless, around 6 million people may die each year worldwide because of tobacco smoking and diseases related to it. How can one fathom in preventing these increasing figures to smoke in restaurants? A smoke free dining is very ideal and delightful. Majority of the customers will feel comfortable in this kind of dining. But the smoke ban can greatly positively and/or negatively affect the food businesses. It all depends to the customer. People, mostly non smokers usually lose their appetite when they sniffed a cigarette smoke nearby. The smell of cigarette smoke is not only displeasing but also unhealthy for a non smoker and asthmatics. It is called secondhand smoke, which can cause various diseases worse than a smoker may get. However, smokers typically like their alcohols matched with cigarettes or smoke every after meals. It is a bad habit that is too hard to break. With these odds, most restaurant owners decided to make a smoking and non smoking sections but alas, it is not always effective because smoke travels through the wind and can break through the barrier of these sections. The smoke ban will not only be beneficial for non smokers but also to smokers as well. It will be discouraging smokers to light cigarette for a few hours in a day. It will help them cut down or even quit smoking. Regardless of how essential it may seem, smoke ban in all restaurants and food establishments is regrettably impossible and majority acknowledges that but unity can surely make the impossible possible. Therefore, is everyone ready for this mission?


Smoking must be banned in all restaurants in the country. In my opinion, I must agree with this. First, second hand smoking is worse than smoking the cigarette itself. It has its ill effects. People must be considerate to other people. The ingredients in cigarettes affect everything from the internal functioning of organs to the efficiency of the body's immune system. The effects of cigarette smoking are destructive and widespread. Second, it has an ingredient called nicotine, which reaches the brain within 10 seconds after smoke is inhaled. Third, it contains carbon monoxide which binds to hemoglobin in red blood cells, preventing affected cells from carrying a full load of oxygen. Fourth, it contains carcinogens, which damage important genes that control the growth of cells, causing them to grow abnormally or to reproduce too rapidly. Fifth, it would greatly affect the customers in the restaurant. Think about it, some people get pissed when the tables next to them are smoking. What if the family has a child with them, it would affect the children's internal functioning and its immune system as stated previously. Researchers state that in every eight seconds, a human life is lost to tobacco use somewhere in the world. That translates to approximately 5 million deaths annually. Tobacco offers us a life of slavery, a host of chronic, debilitating illnesses and ultimately death. And think about it: We pay big bucks for those "benefits. "


Over the years, people have been accustomed to smokers. We see people smoking in the streets, in schools and even in their own homes. And through the years, I myself know how much smokers love what they do. And through my personal experience with smoking, and through my peers, I can personally say that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. First of all, not all people smoke, so it is unfair for the non smoking customers to end up being second hand smokers. In all means of smoking, if there are people around you, they tend to inhale the smoke surrounding them, making them second hand smokers. No matter how unintentional this is, second hand smoking is more dangerous than first hand smoking and has worse effects than it. Next, even if everyone is okay with smoking, there are children that will eat in restaurants. This will result in an increase in lung problems in children, and eventually decrease their lifespan. Not only is this the case, but more children will be smokers in the future because of its commonality. Lastly, it is simply unconventional and unethical for people to smoke in restaurants. Smoking while exposing food may contaminate the it, poisoning many of the customers, leading in a decline of the amount of people eating in the restaurant. No one likes the taste of cigarettes while eating a meal, no matter if you are a smoker or not. Overall, it is never a good idea to allow smoking in restaurants because of its multiple negative effects, and lack of purpose.


WARNING: Cigarette smoking is dangerous to your health. I hate this statement that advertisers had been included in their advertisements. It is so foolish of them to sell these kinds of products and yet in the end of their advertisement, they affirm this piece of fact. Well, at least they gave a warning. But still, I am not in favor of this mere action. I agree with the decision that smoking should be banned in all of the restaurants in the Philippines. I am simply stating that I strongly agree. There are two main reasons why non smokers hate it when they're with smokers: first of all, non smokers hate that smell     that smell which makes them expel air from our lungs by coughing; and second, they are aware with the fact that the ones who smell the smoke are more prone to having respiratory or lung diseases compared to the ones who are actually smoking cigarettes. I insist that it is really unfair to allow people to smoke inside the restaurants. There are a lot of disadvantages in this situation with regards to the health of the people. Add to that, it can be a distraction for people who are dealing with their own matters. I think that smokers can smoke in some other places and rather than in restaurants. Lastly, instead of smoking in the restaurant, they should be eating and spending time with their friends or family     the reason why in the first place, they came in such place.


Am I favor in banning of smoking in restaurants? What are the causes why I am favor? Yes. I am favor in completely banning of smoking especially in restaurants. Because restaurants are places that needed to be always a smoke free place. Because also of the people who goes there and eat. And then when they are eating, they will breathe the smoke that the person emitted. It will cause to those person who will smell that some disease and some people who have illnesses like asthma will be also suffered before they smell the smoke which can be cause them in difficulty in breathing. Smoking undoubtedly helps many people to relax. But it affects smokers ' health and controls their smoking habits and use of time, and the spiraling cost of tobacco makes it an expensive pastime. Secondhand smoke affects others and pollutes the environment. Smoking may affect sexual performance and increase the risks of heart disease and infections. And also smoking can also cause bankruptcy in some restaurants. Because once a person smokes in that particular place especially in restaurants. Some costumers will be affected because of the bad aura of the said restaurant and its name will be affected just because of that person who smokes near or in the restaurant. That's why smoking shall banned permanently not only in restaurants but also in public places. So that, everyone will be lived safely and our health will not be anymore affected. So let's unite and start a new beginning of life because even without tobacco, we can live happy and joyful. There are so many things that we can substitute in smoking. Don't let our environment be destroyed because of that one piece of cigarette that can affect our place.


The short term effects of smoking are higher blood pressure, rapid beating of the heart and dizziness. On long term you can suffer for instance chronic bronchitis, which has a major impact on daily life. By smoking the chance of getting certain diseases is increasingly, compared to people who do not smoke. Smokers are twice as likely to have a heart attack and have a bigger chance of a cerebral hemorrhage or a stroke. Another consequence of smoking is lung diseases, like lung cancer. Of all people with long cancer, ninety percent have smoked. So is bad for our health. Especially in eating places like Restaurant. To my mind every smoker should think about surrounding him people, first of all smoking hurts to them. I think that manager when he makes project of his future restaurant should think not only about visitor's satisfactions from food or cozy conditions, their relaxation and impression from his place, the most important thing is that he should take care of their health, he should not allow them to smoke in a hall, where there a lot of non smokers. Even if there is a special separate hall for them, manager should take a responsibility and think just for a minute that money is not the first aim of his restaurant, it is that he wants to make people's life more interesting more various and carries joyful and piece to their life. Today we can see that where it is a smoking in restaurants there are alcohol drinks in it. That is why we come up to the decision that every manager cares only about benefits for himself. Smoking is very bad for your health, and it has a major impact on your body. 1 in 2 smokers will die sooner by smoking, so we should stop smoking.


We all know that smoking is dangerous to our health as it is already put on almost half of the front of the cigarette pack but how many of us know that whenever a smoker smokes a cigarette, the dangers of smoking is brought not only to the smoker, but also the people who inhales the smoke? A cigarette contains ingredients that are mostly toxic. When a smoker exhales the smoke from the cigarette, some of the toxic properties of the cigarette come with the smoke and when others inhale the smoke, now called a secondhand smoke, they will also consume those properties. Study shows that an equivalent of a cigarette smoke is the smoke coming from the exhaust system of a car. Both are as toxic as the other. Imagine inhaling smoke coming from cars, all of those toxic things inside your lungs. The result of inhaling secondhand smoke from a cigarette smoker is lung cancer, a very fatal and incurable disease. The death of smokers is nearly the same as those who died of secondhand smoke, a survey shows. Therefore, with all these points raised, I say we should ban smoking in public places, especially restaurants as nonsmokers find it unpleasant to eat while smelling the scent of cigarettes.


As we all know, smoking is indeed dangerous for our health. Especially to the smoker himself. The chemical in cigarettes which is nicotine inflicts lethal damage to our internal organs, mostly the lungs. The lungs filter the air we breathe, and to this, we breathe smoke whenever we use cigarettes. There are commercials of cigarettes airing on various television networks nowadays. And all of those cigarette commercials have a warning in each end of their advertisement which says that, Cigarette smoking is dangerous for your health, which clearly states that, smoking can kill you> yet, many people still continue to smoke, most commonly in public areas, namely, in streets and restaurants alike. The smoker smoking in public areas is not only inflicting damage to his own lungs, he is also affecting the health of the people around him. This phenomenon is called Second hand smoking. Second hand smoking occurs when people breathe the smoke coming out of a smoker's cigarette. Regarding this case, scientists and experts say that people who unintentionally breathe the smoker's smoke are the ones who are mostly damaged, not the smoker himself. For this reason, smoking should be banned in public areas, especially in restaurants because of the said effect of second hand smoking on the health of the people around the smoker. One of the reasons why smoking should ne banned in restaurants is that, many people especially children dine in restaurants everyday. The children inside the restaurant would be greatly affected by the smoke because most of the restaurants today are ventilated. The tendency is, the smoke would circulate in the whole area because of the air conditioning system of the restaurant. For this reason, smoking should be banned completely in public areas and spaces, especially in restaurants.


Smoking kills around 56 million people per year. Tobacco is a "major health problem" in not only Southeast Asia but also the rest of the world. It is an unnecessary and addicting habit numerous people do. With the great advance in research we have made over the years I hope that by now we know better than harming our bodies. As a Lassalian, I believe that one way of encouraging people to quit this nasty habit is to ban smoking in all public restaurants. Smoking in restaurants could be frequently seen throughout our country. In most restaurants I have eaten at I have always seen people smoking frivolously, not caring that they are ruining the lovely meal people around them are trying to have. They should realize that they are not the only ones in that particular restaurant. There are families with children who are unknowingly taking in the smoke coming from their cigarette. I hope that these people finally realize that when they do smoke in public areas they are not only harming themselves but also the people around them. If they can't control their urge to smoke they should at least have the courtesy to do so in a private place where no one else would be affected.


What is smoking? Is it helpful for a human being? What are its cons? Is it addictive? I 'm going to answer these questions on what I see in my everyday life. I 'm sad of seeing old and young people smoking everywhere and sometimes they don't pick the right place to smoke. Smoking is a practice where a tobacco is burned and the smoke is inhaled. The most common of smoking today is cigarettes which can be bought for a very cheap price. We know that cigarettes are not expensive it is still not helpful and not healthy for a human being because cigarettes contains drugs or components that can produce a very dangerous sickness such as lung cancer etc. Smoking has many consequences, like being an addict of smoking and the sickness not knowing it will eventually come out lately. When you are addicted on smoking, it is hard to remove it from your habit of taking even one cigar for the day. As what I see on the street sidewalks there are so many cigars scattered on the floor which means that many are addicted on it. The other consequence is that if you're the smoker you're not just putting yourself in danger but the other people to who accidentally inhaled the smoke you produce out of your breath. Smoke is more effective for people who inhaled it.


Smoking refers to the inhalation and exhalation of fumes from burning tobacco in cigars, cigarettes and pipes. It is dangerous to our health but still many are continue doing it. Adult and even a teen ager nowadays know how to smoke. For some it is their past time, hobby, drug or their addiction. Smokers find pleasure in smoking. I 'm not yet trying it that's why I don't know the taste and what it feels but I don't have any plans to try smoking. The percentage of smokers especially at a very young age is getting higher and higher each year. Wherever you are even in a private or public place like the restaurant, there are smokers. It is very alarming because smoking is not only dangerous to the smoker but also to those who inhale the smoke that smoker exhale from the cigarette or as it is known as the second hand smoke. It's sad to think that you're eating your food in your favorite restaurant and you'll smell a smoke from a cigarette or tobacco isn't irritating? Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country so we can have a healthy surrounding and smoke free place. Restaurant is a place where you can eat, relax and enjoy and it's not a smoking area that you can blow and puff cigarettes.


Smoking is a common thing in most restaurants and other public places but should it be completely banned at all restaurants in the country? It must be banned in all restaurants because health and smoking is hazardous to other person's health, it is harmful to a pregnant and it discolours walls. In the first place, smoking is bad to other person's health. Second hand smoke can shorten a person's life span. It causes cancers and respiratory diseases both to children and adults. Second hand smoke has more toxic chemicals and has a higher possibility of causing cancer than the smoke a person inhales himself. In the second place, it is bad for pregnant. Smoking causes a bad effect to the woman's unborn child. If the woman inhales others smoke, she can pass the toxic chemicals that smoke carries and unwanted diseases to the unborn child. Lastly, smoking can damage the walls of the restaurant. Smoking contains toxic chemicals that can discolour the walls of the restaurant. The restaurant must look admirable to attract customers. If the walls are discoloured, it could be an added expense to the owner of the restaurant because the owner should repair the damage wall. In conclusion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants because of many different reasons. Smoking can cause hazardous effects to other person's health, It is harmful to a woman's unborn child and it is destroys the walls of the restaurant. Smoking is addictive and a lot of smokers cannot stop it. Smokers should know where the right place to smoke but restaurants is definitely not the place.


Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Aside from the leading cause of death, it is also a source of a very foul and unpleasant smell. Today, even at schools, people are smoking and it is really disgusting. Some students think that smoking is cool but in reality, smoking isn't cool and in fact, it is very uncool and very disturbing. Our government should initiate the campaign to ban smoking at all restaurants, because aside from its very unpleasant smell, it is also very dangerous to our health. It is also a sign of negligence and disrespect to your neighbors, as not all people around you are smokers and thus some of them might be disturb and feel sick due to the smell. For me, smoking shouldn't only be banned at restaurants in the country but also, all the establishments as well. If you want to smoke then smoke at your own place, but not on a public establishment as it may affect other people around you. People know that smoking is bad to their health but why do they still do it? Some say that it gives a great relief to their problems while others started smoking due to their curiosity. But this has to be changed, smoking shouldn't be consider as an option to stress because it will not solve problems but rather add a lot of them such as lung sickness and other health hazards. In conclusion, by banning smoking at restaurants and establishment smokers will have less chance to smoke and kill themselves at the public. If this rule will be properly implemented, our government will not just save the health of the non smokers but also, the lives of the smokers.


Smoking is not prohibited specially in the restaurant or public places. there are somepeople who have asthma or weak lungs, so for those people who are smoker should be have their own place where they can smoke anywhere. Smoking should not be allowed in restaurant or any canteens; because there are many diners who are not want the smell of cigarette. Many countries today have laws that prohibit smoking in public places because it affects non smokers as well. This damages their health against their will and could cause them lung cancer. But also it seems as though this law protects only one side and public places, which should be available to everyone foe all purposes, meet only the needs of non smokers, tobacco causes addiction and active smoker cannot spend a long time without lighting a cigarette which automatically makes public places and many other facilities unsuitable for them and their needs. Smoking could harm not only the user but also those we call second hand smokers these are people who smells it. In fact, study says that people smell it are more likely to suffer worst diseases it more compared to the one using it. So we should avoid this king of vises.


As we all know, smoking is dangerous to every individual's health. It will have bad effects to the smokers like cancer and infections to your body; and not only to the smokers but also to the person who inhales the smoke coming out from the cigarettes. Most of the people said that if you start smoking at an early stage, it will be harder for that person to stop smoking immediately. It is kind of addiction that you will look for everyday. So if a person do not like to be addicted to cigarettes, it is better not to try it at all. Some of the reasons why they use cigarettes are people thinks it is cool or maybe they where influenced by their friends and the people they see. However, some people can't really stop smoking. They smoke every time and everywhere they want like in parks, beside the school or universities, mall, market, restaurants and to places where people love to stay. In places like restaurants, smoking must be banned there. Why? Because people should consider that in restaurant is a place where we eat or sometimes where we chill or relax. It should have a smooth, fresh and clean atmosphere.


Global warming is now an alarming issue not only faced by the Philippines, but by the whole world. Smoking is one of the many contributions to the increasing effects of global warming. An effort the Philippines can make in order to slow down the irreversible effects of global warming is by banning smoking. The Philippine government should not put a total ban on smoking at once; however, it should start somewhere, and someplace. One of these places could be restaurants, very public places where people coming from all walks of life gather for numerous reasons. Starbucks, a coffee franchise that has found a developing popularity in the Philippines, has now banned smoking as part of its efforts to save the environment. Ethically speaking, I believe that smoking in restaurants and other public places should be banned in the Philippines because not everyone smokes. Some people, such as myself, think that it is rude to smoke near someone who is aware of the health risks brought by smoking and second hand smoke. I have experienced eating at a restaurant where I was seated beside a smoker. I found myself losing my appetite as the smoker exhaled his foul smelling smoke in my face. Moreover, smoking does not have any proven positive effects on a smoker aside from the relaxation it brings; however, relaxation could be achieved through other activities that do not harm the environment and other people.


Agno is a famous eating place in our university. It is the place where you can find the most affordable yet delicious food around the university. As you pass by the street where it is located, you would immediately smell the aroma of the mixed variety of food they offer. If not of the hint of smoke, I would immensely enjoy the beautiful scent of mouth watering food. The longer I stayed at the area, the more I could feel my nose slowly get clogged with polluted gas. Every time I think of this, I remember the image of the lungs of a non smoker living in the city that can be seen from The Myth of the Human Body Museum. Those lungs were unhealthy, dirty and gray with black spots. The only pair of clean, white lungs were from the person who has lived his or her entire life in the mountain. I realized that even though I have never tried smoking, there is a huge possibility that my lungs look like that. I have lived in the city for 16 years now and I encounter all sorts of pollution I know of every single day of my life and to me, smoking is the most evident. Of course, I am not in favor of this but I can't help but deal with it quietly and just let the day pass without doing an action against it. This problem is hard to stop or avoid but it is still possible to do something to prevent this. Banning smoking in all restaurants in the country might be a good step towards smoke prevention. Who wants to be around disturbing gases while eating, anyway? Eating in a healthier environment assures us a good step towards lessening the danger to innocent people's health.


Being around smokers is, at least for me as a non smoker and as someone aware of the consequences of cigarette smoking to one's health, not an experience I would like to have in my every day. Walking along the streets, it's something that can be quite bothersome. But more irritating even than that is the presence of those grey clouds of toxins in places where my eating is to take place. And I am in full support of having smoking banned in all restaurants in the country. Restaurants, or any establishment where any form of eating is to take place, are one of the places where people are most susceptible to the harmful effects of second hand smoking, which according to studies is even more dangerous than smoking the cigarette itself. People sit down and, usually, take their time, and it is here that exposure to cigarette smoke is prolonged. Public health is endangered in this sense, and that should be enough reason to have smoking banned, at least in places where many people might be affected. I do, however, believe that more than banning smoking in such establishments is the promotion of public health awareness by making efforts to stop smoking altogether. Such will benefit not only the smoker – whose health will be taking a turn for the better – but the whole public.


Smoking is bad in all forms – anytime and anywhere. Smoking should be banned from all the restaurants in our country because of multiple reasons. First, because smoke (from cigarettes or anything of that kind) is very dirty and dirt does not really come together with food. Imagine eating the ashes from the cigarettes together with pasta soup, or steak. It's disgusting. Next, smoking should be banned in all restaurants for hygienic purposes. The food we eat should be kept clean – if not a hundred percent, at least as clean as possible. Smoking in restaurants could make other non smoking customers/guests inhale their second hand smoke which is far more dangerous than smoking itself. Other guests might also be allergic to smoke or dust and sitting next to these smokers could probably cause them to have an asthma attack and end up lying on a hospital bed wearing a ridiculous looking gown. Lastly, food should be consumed at its very best, warm from the restaurant kitchen without air pollutants (smoke from cigarettes), served by a waiter not squinting his/her eyes and wrinkling his/her nose from the scent of another customer smoking/burning their lungs out and slowly developing lung cancer. Food is grace from God, it should be respected and given the utmost importance.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. It should be banned in all restaurants in the country because the restaurant is a place where people eat. It is a place for eating not for smoking. It is improper to smoke in restaurants because other customers who are eating might be affected by the smoke produced by the smoker. Customers might not be able to eat properly because they are also inhaling the smoke. Smoking is also bad for the health of not only the smoker but also the other people in the restaurant who might inhale it. This means that the smoker is not only destroying his own health but also destroying other people's health like the customers and employees in the restaurant. Not smoking in restaurants shows respect to the other people. The smoker should be responsible for his actions and he should also think of the other people in the restaurants who will be harmed if he smokes in that place. If someone is going to smoke, he should not smoke in restaurants. He should find other places where smoking is not banned and where there are less people who will be affected by the smoke.


We all know that cigarettes contain nicotine that makes smokers addicted in smoking. Even though they know that smoking is bad for their health they cannot resist the habit. Hence, I definitely agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants nationwide. The effect of second hand smoke is usually proliferative in the confined area like the restaurants. Smoking in limited space has a great effect in the body system of a person not only the smokers but also the people around the area. The health of an individual is compromise if smoking is allowed to practice in the restaurants as well as in the public places. Even the innocent people around the smoker inhaled the second hand smoke that gives worst effect in the body. Aside from this, the air that circulates inside the premises is not cleaned. Pollution is one of the biggest problems our world faces today. Smoking, being banned in all restaurants will lessen the pollution. It also helps our environment to become less polluted. Undoubtedly, smoking has a bad effect in the health of an individual either smoker or not develops many diseases. Besides, smoking in restrained area like restaurant does not give beneficial to the health of an individual. Banning the smoking is an excellent idea to lessen the pollution as well as to learn the smoker to control the habit of smoking in the public places.


Cigarette smoking is bad for your health, no smoking, and smoking leads to lung cancer. These are just some of the anti smoking campaigns that we always hear in radios, television, and especially from the government. Even though we have this kind of campaign there are still people who continue in smoking like in public places especially in restaurants. Smoking can also lead other diseases if they don't stop. But, the worst is smokers are not the only one who will experience respiratory infections and other diseases but also the people who can smell the smoke of the cigarette known as the secondhand smokers. Like, in restaurants there are so many people there eating and imagine that there are impolite people who continuously smoke inside, people will be irritated of the unpleasant smell of the cigarettes. And these may also lead to stop the operation of those restaurants if they will continue to tolerate this king of doing. So, the government and other officials are doing their best to ban the use of cigarettes in all public places. Like, they have this kind of project that they will increase the tax in cigarette products. The banning of cigarette smoking in public places are not new to us anymore especially to the smokers. Some smokers will not stop until they experience the complications brought by smoking. Stop and do not wait until the government will increase the price of a cigarettes and increase the punishment in people who are smoking in public places. So, stop smoking before it is too late in order for us to have smoke free country.


We always go to restaurants we eat, we drink and enjoyed conversations there together with our friends and family. Moreover, we also enjoyed seeing children laughs and enjoying eating their meals. But the problem now is how they can enjoy their foods if the sensation of eating is hack by the cigarette's smoke? No one can enjoy eating if something disturbs you able to harm these valuable moments of ours. I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at restaurants: not only inside but in the whole restaurant areas. Because lot of customers are affected especially children and elders who eat there are can easily got sick. They are harmed and choked of the unpleasant smell of the cigarette. And also secondhand smokers are the most harmed rather than the one who smokes. So because of them someone dies everyday unfortunately. We should keep are surroundings clean and beautiful. And we can only do that if we have respect to it and to our selves. We should also conserve our elder population because no one wants to lose there love ones. Just because one smoke one life is at risk, we should not waste our life and let's be healthy.


Smoking has become very common, especially to teenagers. This activity usually begins at high school when every student tries to experiment a lot of stuff. There are variety of ways on how teens get into this habit. One way is that they smoke just to feel that they fit in. They think that it is cool to smoke because adults do it or because it so badass. Another is the cause of peer pressure. During your teenage years, peers have this very powerful influence to you thus when one of your peers lights a cigar you tend to be curious and try it as well. And then before you know it, it becomes a part of your life, a bad habit that you cannot stop despite the negative effects that you yourself know it gives. It is very ironic that despite the fact that everyone, who is addicted to smoking, is aware of what is going to happen to them later on doesn't give up this habit. People should start to realize the danger of this habit. Tobacco smoking is one of the leading causes of the death of people. It is not just dangerous to the smoker but also the people around who inhales the same smoke smokers puff out of their cigars.


Why should people smoke in restaurants considering these places are not private? Can't people control too much temptation and act on this with decency? Smoking in restaurants must be banned completely, because it is not practical to have a restaurant with an unhealthy atmosphere. If this keeps continuing on a daily basis, people who do not smoke can breathe in second hand smoke that circulates other room. In other cases, it can prevent air ventilation from flowing in, and room temperature increases, especially in a full house occupation. It can also spread nicotine residue along the floor and table tops, which other people can easily touch, and is also an unpleasant sight around the surface. In addition, the use of smoking areas inside restaurants is still not safe, why? Besides the wall barrier that surrounds, the door opening isn't entirely close of secure. So even if people in the area think its secure for smoking, small gaps from the door openings could still let smoke out, and can be unpredictable to detect. To top it all up, smoking in restaurants can produce a fire and can spread throughout the room. This can put people in danger and establishments at risk.


As a student of Adamson University and a citizen of this country, the Philippines, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country, because, first, as people said smoking is bad for our health and it shortens our life span it extremely hits our lungs and it may lead to lung cancer or directly to death, second, It only not affects the smoker but also other people who are inhaling the smoke they are called second smokers, it harms their health especially the lungs also they can occur illness like asthma etc. Smoking should be banned in restaurants because it is a public place and there are many people in their, especially they are eating and it also affects the food. It may obtain a small amount of nicotine in a given food. Not in just restaurants but also in public places like mall, sari sari store and other places that consider public. My opinion for the smokers is if you are a smoker now, I am telling you to stop it and stop it at once because it may be a reason for your death and also a cause of air pollution. Instead you are smoking, you should help our environment.


Smoking, one of the vices Filipinos are largely engaged in, is one of the main factors which cause death in the Philippines. In order for the people living in the Philippines to have a healthier lifestyle, laws on smoking bans have already been enacted but not yet strictly implemented in all the parts of the country. It may also cause addiction which is an effect of smoking that is hard to avoid. What does smoking do to the lives of the people who are addicted to it? Banning of smoking must be implemented at all the restaurants here in the Philippines because not all Filipinos like the smell of the nicotine that is being emitted through smoking. It must not only be banned at the restaurants, but also in all parts of the country. Smoking is bad for the health, and is as bad for those people who are the receivers of the smoke being emitted by the main smoker. Smoking causes lung cancer, bad breath and other side effects that are bad for the health. If a person smokes at the restaurant, the smoke being emitted will be transferred to the food being cooked in the restaurant. This will then be eaten by the people at the restaurant which in turn will make them sick. Inhaling the smoke from a cigarette is bad for the health, and is as bad as drinking of alcoholic beverages.


Pleasure + happiness + satisfactory = smoking Asthma +cancer + lung cancer + heart disease = smoking Now a days's many people are smoking for pleasure, happiness, and for satisfactory, smoking is a bad habit especially for young people. Some have tried to quit but have returned to cigarettes because smoking is such a strong addiction. It is a habit that is very difficult to break. Smoking must be banned in restaurants because of many reasons one is for the satisfaction and cozy condition for visitors while eating, their relaxation and impression from his (the owner) place, the most important thing and he the owner should take care of their health ( banned the people who smoke in the restaurant), he should not allow them to smoke in a hall, where there's a lot of non smokers. Because many people die in smoking even though other people dont smoke they die because of the bad environment or the smoke they inhaled. Restaurant must have division for non smoking area and smoking area so that people will enjoy their meal and be comfortable while eating. Smokers must also be responsible for their actions and must also be concerned with others. People should not be indifferent to each others.


