I think it depends to the situation. As a student it's hard for me to have a part time job because I can't concentrate to my studies and when you have a part time job you should know how to balance your time you should have time management. While the importance of part time job is you have benefits like you can help your family, and in terms you have a project you can buy it without regrets on where you can get the money. And you can also gain new experience and knowledge on working. You find opportunities for a range of career interests. Also you can transform what you've learned in class into practice. You can learn also how to cooperate with others and deal with different things. And the happy thing that a part time job does is you can help your family in terms of money. But a sad thing about having a part time job is you don't have much time to go out with your loved ones. Part time job is good if you have the good time management and you have or you can manage it well. But if you can't, try to manage your time properly to be able to try to have a part time Job.


Having a part time job as a college student is important because it serves as a training for us even though we need to balance our study and work. I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help us as a college students to find the ideal job more easily in the future. And we can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in our future working circumstance. We as a college students, we can also expand our interpersonal relationship by having a part time job. In the recent year, interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in our working environment. If we have a good relationship with our colleagues or friends, when we have problems or want other people to help us, they will try their best to help us. I have read an article; it said, Without friends, we will not do anything perfectly. I have the same thought that Interpersonal relationship is really important in our daily life. Many people will think that having a part time job may affect our study, but I really think that having the part time job can help us as a college students in the future to become much better, no matter in the attitude toward money, in getting working experiences, or in interpersonal relationship.


Part time job is the way of earning money. It is common to students who have to be financially independent, and those who want to be financially independent, especially those who are in need of money for them to study. There are many advantages that we can get in doing part time job. We can gain new knowledge, skills, and experiences that we've never done before. Experiences could lead us to a challenging life. You will learn how to synchronize your activities, organize, and manage your time for your job and studies. Nowadays, some company choose those people who have good experiences in their job than that of unexperienced. Know that it will be easy to adapt to your company when you have some good experiences. We can connect some ideas in our experiences to our studies. Having good experiences on it can lead you to your success and have a good opportunity when you finish your education. Your experiences will create a strong impression for the employer. Although it make up the time for leisure, advantages the students gain are worth it. It's like when you worked so hard for your job, the most immediate reward is the money that you have earned. It feels good whenever you are using the money that you have earned coming from your job. You can help your parents with financial problems if you have something to pay, like the utilities expenses. You and your parents would appreciate the things that you have done while you are still a young teenager working already and helping your family for the expenses. In conclusion, holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom.


It is very important for college students to have a job while in college because it goes a long way to equip a student with enough job experience while still in college, and by the time the student graduates, he then stand a better chance of getting a job than other applicants with little experience. He had taken on a job while in college. It also goes along way by helping the student have a practical work of what he/she is being taught in school. It also gets us equipped with new knowledge of professional ethics and code of conduct at our working place having a part time job during your college life would also be an experience that may come in handy later in life. A part time job can help you pay for living expenses, including housing, food, books, gas, and clothes. Since you will eventually have to pay off any school related loans that you take out, it is best to take out as little as possible. Lastly, it is always good to have money. While money may not be the most important thing in life, it does buy things such as food, heat and a roof. It buys things like college degrees (brains are needed for those too) but overall money is a pretty important thing to have and I would definitely say that those without a job are lacking money and are lacking in responsibility. All college students should attempt to get a job while in college and they should earn their own money to support themselves.


Part time job is one way of earning money or to make extra income. Everyone wants to have a part time job so that they will have a source of income when they need or they have something to buy. It is also a way of socializing with other people, for example through internet  the networking job it is not only a job to have extra income but also at the same time you will become popular with other people. Many students work part time jobs to supply themselves with additional funds. As a student, I will say that it is important to have a part time job because at a young age I can help my mom in terms of financial and I will have a source of income on my own, if there is something I want to buy I can easily buy it. It will also help me buy things in school  for projects, assignment, tuition fees . For me, it is also a way of socializing with other people, I will meet different people and will become my friends. And last it is important because it will train or practice me to become confident, comfortable and well prepare for the future.


Yes it is. Part time job is not only for those students who have financial problems, but also for those students that wants to have their own money for their needs or to have experience. We, as a student we need to know that our parents are working hard for us to finish our studies and we will realize that we need to study hard because working is harder than we thought. It will also help us to be responsible, be confident in our self. We can also improve our communication skill, be flexible, and how to balance our time with the help of this we so called part time job. Jobs make our lives more interesting. It will help us to train ourselves to earn money and to know that it is not an easy thing to earn money. And we should spend our money carefully. And for us to know the hard work of our parents, for us to realize that working is hard so that we should study well and do our part as a student and as a daughter/son. Many people think that having a part time job may affect our study, but I really think that having the part time job can help our future to become much better.


Yes, it is important to have a part time job for the college students because they will know how to manage their time in their studies and in their work. It really helps a lot to the parent who is always giving to us the money to pay our tuition fee and our allowances for the entire months. But if you have a work you will learn the importance of money and some of the students they will have their own savings for their everyday expenses. You will able to distinguish if you really need to buy that thing or not. In this case you will be able to control yourself buying the thing which is not important to you because you know that to yourself it's just a waste of money and your time as well. For example your professor gave you a task which is thesis writing you will able to print every pages of it and you also need to be hardcopy don't ask for your parents instead use your money for that project to be able to accomplish the task that the professor has given to you. You will also know the responsibility for being a student as well as for being an employee. We all know that part time job is not an easy task.


For me it is up to the student if he/she wants to have a part time job as long as his/her priority is studying and learning, because a part time job can help to finish your studies even without the help of your parents it can also helped you to become more responsible in balancing your time with your study and your job. This will also help to build your priorities in life and focues to your goal. But some of my friends stopped studying and started to work on full time employee, because they enjoyed the not so high salary they received every month. They just kept saying this What is the purpose of studying if I already earn money for myself. they said those words without realizing that eduacational background is one of the requirements to have a good and maybe to be promoted if your part time job is related to your course taking. The point is you should be flexible, open minded and focus on what is your main goal in life so that the chance of making it is very high. Lastly and i think the most important thing is the inspiration like a family member, a friend, a special someone or your dream that persue you to continue achieving your goal


Nowadays, many things had changed a lot. There are things which fade but new things may emerge. New hightech release gadgets are always invented in our society. Maybe, there are lots of good things that had changed the society but some of it is very disgraceful. The never ending graft and corruption problem and economic crisis which lead the suffering of innocent people  families, children and even students are affected of it. Let's take a look to students, due to poverty some goes to school and some do not. So it is important for college students to have a part time job not only to help oneself but also to the parents who work hard. Maybe some college students don't want it thinking that it would be hard for them to have a job and at the same time they go to school. But actually as a college student it would be better if the majority of students want to try and to have it. First, it could help financially. Second, you'll be able to help parents in providing needs while they can't even small amount. Lastly, you will become a good role model of students in a way that they can see you and recognized you as a responsible person. Having a part time job is not a disgrace and it is not a form to down a student. Well for me, part time job supposedly is not intended to students who can't afford much money but it would be to have it also by the students who has in life not only to teach them that money are not just just but to make it realized that be responsible enough to study hard and be wise to spend the money in a useful way.


As a college student, I think having a job or part time job is difficult while you are studying. If you have a job at the same time you are studying, it's like cutting your body into half meaning you have two attention and focus, works, task and etc. Being a working student, your time became smaller; your focus in some things is losing. I didn't say that don't be a working students I only say that having a work at the same time studying is difficult so I salute those working students. There are a disadvantages and advantages of being a working student. One disadvantage, like what I said earlier that your time become smaller. One advantage is you help yourself in terms of study at the same time your helping your family. A working student is so challenging because you need to balance time. It is just a matter of time management and discipline. It is just a matter of multiplying my time rather than dividing it. For me, if you are a working student just enjoy everything because every moment is a learning and a remarkable experience. It is such an experience to not only be hearing from others the way working students are, but to be actually listening and being with one in our daily work.


Nowadays, most college students have a part time job because it's only the way they can help to their family especially to their parents. Because of our society it can also affects the financial needs of the students especially paying their tuition fee that every year will increase. Being college students you have to be independent and be responsible in the entire thing you have done, like having a part time job, you must be know how to handle it and be organize to your schedule and your time so you can handle it properly. Working it's not easy to do while you're studying especially if you are graduating students. Having a part time job will take your time and energy while you're studying so sometimes you're getting tired and also sometime getting is late to the other school works because of your work. It can also affect you're academics while having a part time job. It can also be you're advantage in the near future because you have already an experience but you must be qualified or fit on that position so you're boss will be proud on you. So from now on, you have to be study hard so you can take a job easily with higher positions.


