Part time jobs are not a person's priority job; it is just a job that takes up less time than a full time job. Some people who take part time jobs are in need of money but some take part time jobs because they want to give back to society. This is a more common thing for students who cannot afford materials in school. It is also common for young adults who are raising a family and are in need of more income. For adults it may be much easier to handle this, but for working students it may be much harder. In my own experience, I sleep late to finish my projects, but for working students it's more challenging. They have to balance their time well. Many people take part time jobs just to earn money or to earn more, but there are those who take these part time jobs because they want to give back to society. An example of these people may be college professors who already have a profession. An example of this may be an architect. Yes some of them have a lot of projects and earn a lot, but they still choose to teach, to not just earn money but because they love architecture and are passionate about it.


It is really up to the college student if he/she can manage both education and work. But if it was me, I would rather study first before applying for a job. As an engineering student it is, and a chemical one as that, it is wise to focus on our education as it is very challenging. With the complicated solutions and diagram graphing to writing essays and thesis, I disagree with students applying or working part time jobs. Even though, working part time can give us a taste of what it's like in the working world, it may also drag our grades down due to the overwhelming responsibilities of both school and work. With having two responsibilities, you have less time for recreational activities and even sleep. You will have less time to make or bond with friends thus having lesser social activities. In missing out on these activities, you will lose friends that may be beneficial in the future to help you out. You will not acquire the skill to socialize which also will be needed in full time employment. You may acquire this skill also in part time jobs with your co workers, but of course, it is different talking with friends and with co workers older in age. I am not trying to take away the privilege of working part time away from those who really need it. It is just my opinion. If some are able to manage their time well, and are really in need to work due to family problems, then by all means apply for a part time job now.


With the increasing amount of tuition fee in colleges and universities, some parents cannot send their children to college. Having a part time depends on the status of the person. If one belongs to a high status family, his parents can send him to great schools. If one belongs to a low status family, parents cannot send him to schools. Some parents do anything just to send their children to school. Some borrow money and some pay the tuition fee even if their money is not enough to shoulder the other needs. With that, some students just stop studying and just work so that they can help their family financially. Having a part time job is an option to some students who are having a hard time for their family to shoulder their needs. It is a good option to have a part time job among college students because they can earn money to help their family financially while also having an education to have a good career in the future. It is also hard to have this situation. It would be hard for some students to balance their studies while having a job. Students should really do their best in studying while doing their job so that their education and time in working will have a very great value.


Now in our community in the Philippines it's pretty tough to even get money much less work for it. Here even students are now working just to fulfil their families or own needs. Working part time means that now students are being more mature and are coming of age. In most of our lives, us students just rely on our pocket money which our parents seemingly gives us but sometimes even that is not even enough to sustain us from buying what we want and not what we need. In some schools they forbid students working part time because it would violate the school policy unfortunately it does not stop the students from going to different kind of jobs for extra cash. But working part times doesn't mean that the student needs money to sustain themselves but also their families, there are some cases that when some of the said student's parents cannot afford the tuition of the school the students would likely take matters into their own hands by stopping their education and working part time of occasionally full time jobs. Sadly because of our economy is still not improving for everyone's sake, the students have to work even if they like it or not.


Yes, because student chooses to have part time job to support their studies. Part time jobs help us students to pay our tuition fees and other needs. It also teaches us to be responsible enough because with this job we will know when to enjoy, when to study and to do our job. Students need to have a part time job because not all students are capable of going or enrolling to schools. Many parents are not able to support their child to school, that is one reason why some students is doing a part time job to help or support their selves to be able to achieve their goals and dreams in life. When doing a part time job, student can practice what is being thought in their classes because you can use your knowledge in the school and use it in the company or employee that you are working for. It can also help you to get more experience for your future job and this can help the students to grow by themselves because students who does not do part time job usually spend their parent's money while when students will work to earn their money for themselves they will know how difficult it is to gain money for school and for yourself


Having a par time job was not easy because at the same time you are a college student. If I am not mistaken there is a time that you forgot what you should do as student like your assignment, report, project, reviewing etc., there is a lack of time if you are going to study at the same time working. Their is also a time that a working student will not have any more interest to study but they rather choose to work because according to them is nice to earn money compare to study for a long year. It is really nice to be a working student because It has an advantage to yourself like you will earn money for you to be able to buy thing that you want, save for the future, pay the expenses you have, help to pay for your tuition fee and it will increase your self esteem. It also help you to build relevant skill and multi tasking skill. Having a part time job help you to feel a sense of dignity and worth. On my own opinion I thing par time job is for student who are more competitive and very flexible in works. And I find it more challenging for the working student to compete in school activities. I think if you really want to help or to earn money I suggested the summer job opportunities because it will not be hard for you and you can focus on what your doing. In my case I 'd rather choose study first than having a part time job to be able to excel more in more in my study and to provide myself an academic excellence.


Part time jobs can help you financially especially when you're in college. College tuition fees vary on your course and of course, the school you are going to study at. If the university you are going to study at is well known and has good standards, the more it is expensive. Though there are universities that offer scholarships, there are just chosen students who can commit to it. Some public schools offer less tuition fees but you still pay them. Having a part time job can help you especially when you applied to a job that has great amount of salary but as a student, I doubt you're going to find a job that offers a lot of money. Studying while working can cause you difficulties on your time and schedule. It is either you're going to sacrifice time for your studies or your job. Working isn't really needed in college when you still have your parents to support you. It doesn't mean that you'll let them pay until you have children. You'll just have to pay them back by doing little things for them like washing the dishes and stuff, especially when your grades are high. Your parents will really appreciate it. They won't regret giving you the money to study in a prestigious university. So for me, part time job isn't really needed unless you're family needs money and you have to sacrifice a little bit of time for working in place of studying. You must be determined to do both at the same time.


I think it is base on the student situation in life. If a student belongs to a rich family it is not important for him to find a part time job. But if the student wants to become independent he/she needs to have a part time job to sustain his/her needs and wants. Having a part time job in a young age gives the students an extra experience and making him a more mature person. While when a student belong to a poor family it is really important for him to have a job because this can help to lessen the financial problems. The student can also gain an experience that he/she can use when he/she wants to find a job when he/she finishes studying. A part time job gives a student some skill, abilities, and different experiences. The student can develop his/her personality and improve his/her attitudes to other people. While in the bad sides the student studies are affected. The student can't be focused in his/her lesson that he/she have learned from school. It is also bad for the student health in over working his/her body. But of course all of us have a reason on everything that we do. That's why even though there are bad effects we do things for the best.


Part time job is a type of employment which has fewer work hours than that of a full time job. These are work or employment of an odd or occasional kind with a specific task or responsibility undertaken for a fixed price. The most common employed part time jobs are buzzing tables, babysitting, attending the gas station, taking care of the elderly people, doing secretarial work, library assistant, filing papers in offices, house to house, delivery of newspaper, walking the dogs, and tutorial jobs. College students are, most of the time dependent, on their parents that sometimes they ask for a large amount of money to buy something that is not really needed. Because of this, college students should have part time jobs to earn money so that they would not be very dependent on their parents ' money. Part time jobs can give the students the feel of working and earning their own money and in that way they will know the value of money. Part time jobs can also be a training ground for the college students in preparation for the future so that after they graduate they are confident that they can survive in the real world. However, not all college students have parents who could support them financially and they can only go to college because of scholarships so they get part time jobs to help their parents financially and so that they would not feel that they are a burden in the family. Being a college student there are a lot of things that we spend on because of education so we need to get a part time job to alleviate some of the financial burden of the parents. It can also help us be more mature in handling money.


Living in the Philippines, a developing nation, I am no stranger to seeing the impoverished. Poverty can be seen almost everywhere. Studying in De La Salle University – Manila, one of the country's most prestigious universities, I was given the opportunity to see the stark contrast in society as the slums encompass a significant area around school campus. From what I could observe, poverty has taken its toll most especially on the children. Deprived of education and proper parental guidance, many of them can be seen loitering outside campus. Fortunately, however, there are those who have taken strived or in local language nag kayod to rise from the slums. There are those impoverished who diligently worked their way through college to earn a decent living for their families. One factor that enabled such is the prevalence of part time jobs. These are jobs that are, well, not full time. For businessmen it could mean fewer benefits to pay and the ability to be more flexible in terms of employee overhead. For the impoverished, however, it means the world to them. Part time jobs can range anywhere from several hours work to several months. They range from cleaning other's cars or homes to tutoring their kids to working at fast food joints. Part time jobs may seem as detrimental to some, as they won't have occupational security; it is, nonetheless, essential for others and in aggregate, beneficial for society.


When students reach the tertiary level of their education, most people, especially the older generation, would expect them to be independent and more mature. It is often recognized as the time where the person finds his/her own self and takes responsibility for whatever step he/she takes in his/her journey in finding his/her own identity. Having a job at this early time somehow helps the students in their path to self knowledge. Earning money through their own tears and hardship will open their eyes to their future life after school; the real life, as what they say. It helps them manage themselves properly and find their strengths and at the same time, their weaknesses. Having a job doesn't only mean that they gain profit, but rather, it also helps them gain knowledge. Also, it is a big help to their family who have supported their education for at least the past nine years of their life. It would be their way of uplifting the burden on the shoulders of the people who've helped them reach where they are now. It's good to know that even at this early time of their life, they are already taking responsibility of their actions. But still, they should still know to prioritize their studies even if they already have a job.


College. Another stage of our life that helps us gains new knowledge about different things. It is the time when we started to be serious in our studies because this stage determines what we will be in the future. This stage also helps us to be more independent and responsible in every action we do. But not all of us can be in this kind of stage in our life. There are things that hinder us to be in college like poverty. In the Philippines, college students are forced to work at the same time just to continue their studies. For me, part time jobs will greatly affect the studies of college students. They will have hard time in focusing in their lessons because of their jobs. There is a high possibility that the students will have lack of sleep because of their work. Instead of listening to their professors, they may fall asleep during their classes. However, there are students that can manage both work and studies. They can adjust easily to their work and be able to prioritize their studies. Part time jobs can have negative and positive effects to college students. It just depends on the students on how they will manage their life.


Part time Job: A Preparation to Adult Life. In today's society, Part time job is very significant special for those students who wants additional money to help them regarding their Studies purpose or for personal needs, It is also a training for those students who wants experience in preparation for their Future but what are the advantage and disadvantage of this. At First, Part time Job can help most specially students to earn money as I've said I while ago the reason why the students apply for a part time job is that because they need extra income and they need money for them to use for their studies. Second, there are people who applies a part time job for experience, because nowadays companies choose employees who is well trained and already have a experienced because company wants a employee who are trained enough and can surely do their job more than to what is expected. Third, Part time Job can help to ooze Self confidence because the more self confidence more chance of being picked, because you are too confident and shyness has no place on you. so it is a advantage of you. In other Hand there are people who are not interested in doing such It's because for them it is one of the grudge or reason why other student cannot focus on their studies because their time is limited, divided and it is really hard to combine studies with work. There are also people that don't need part time job because they can afford studying even without the help of working or having a part time job. Whatever reason was Having a part time job is a choice it's for us to manage our time and how to settle things most specially about focusing first in our studies.


The Toss of the Coin If one side of the coin can brand you, which side would you be? In a world where almost every little thing is given attention and judged, it is not hard to imagine how even people themselves, are classified into small groups and niches. No matter how much equality is empowered and believed in, there will always be differences between culture, status, religion, nationality, race, colour, and possibly, every characteristic a person can be grouped into. There is always this barrier of contrasts and somehow, it has even reached and now resides within the four walls of each and every school. Students are easily categorized into two— the elite and rich kids, and the scholars. The wealthy ones are usually in good schools and can afford not only their needs but also their luxuries in life. They are dependent on their parents so they don't really have to work too hard to finish school. All they have to focus on are their studies. On the other hand, there are those students who hardly even have enough money for all the things they need. They are those who have to work their way up to graduation and yet things won't still be enough. Most often than not, they need to take part time jobs just so they can continue with their studies and finish college. It is not important whether one is rich or one is poor. No one should be branded. Whether a student finishes college because of working part time or not is not the real question to ask. What truly matters is that he attains his goals, reaches his dreams, and makes a difference. So whether you choose tails or heads, it doesn't really count much. Question is do you win the game?


Nowadays, the tuition fees of college students were getting higher. Some student even joined rallies because of this. They fight to decrease the tuition fees. Many of them wanted to study but they cannot because they lack the money to pay. Some of them can pay their tuition fees but wanted to lessen their parents ' worries. Since not all college students can join these rallies, they just apply for part time jobs to help their parents with their expenses. I remember my sister's friend. She was a college student and she already graduated now. During her college years, she had to work part time in McDonald's so she could continue her education. She worked there until she graduated as a Certified Public Accountant. Because of her part time job she was able to graduate in college. There are also other reasons for having part time job aside from education. College students will be able to help their parents in other expenses like the primary needs of the family like food, clothes and shelter. They learn values that they can use in their lives after college. Also, they earn experiences that other won't have. They can use it while applying in companies or other business. It could be their advantage to others. Having a part time job is not really that important but to those who have money crisis, it is a must. They must work hard to have a better future for themselves and their families. This is the only way they could achieve their dreams with flying colors and without doing the wrong thing.


Education is the most important key to success. Quality education is a right and not a privilege. However, this right is not always granted to those who truly need it. To remedy this dilemma, students of the Philippines, rally to the Department of Education to negotiate with the department's chairperson a solution to benefit all. Quality Education is expensive, was the reply to the students.   There have been many great efforts to provide quality education for those who cannot afford it. The greatest effort (other than those of the parents ') made is that by the students themselves. They take it upon themselves to find jobs in order to finance their education and to meet the costs for their living. Students search high and low to find jobs, sacrificing their precious time and energy which could have been utilized to study for their upcoming exams or to finish their projects which could be due the next day. As exasperating as having to take on a part time job while studying for college is, it does have its importance. Not only does taking on a part time job help the student sustain him or her but it also teaches him or her responsibility. Through earning their own money, students learn the value of thriftiness. They learn to be more self efficient. They also learn to appreciate all that they have and all that is given to them.   Having to juggle a part time job and the difficulties of college may not be the most ideal life for the college student but it does not mean that it is all bad. Quality education is a right and not a privilege. But it does not mean we should just sit around waiting for it to come to us. Quality education is something we must work hard for.


A part time job refers to an employment position or job posting wherein fewer hours are put in per week by an individual than a full time job. Students, elderly citizens and others avail of part time job opportunities to earn primary incomes. Low wage workers take up these jobs to supplement primary incomes. Other workers with no full time jobs also seek part time jobs. These workers or professionals generally don't enjoy the many employment benefits and rewards that are available to full time employees. (http://www. ehow. com/facts_5048523_definition parttime job. html) Part time job is a second job or it's not your main priority. That's why it's called part time job. Usually part time job is being done by the working students, because they need to earn some money so that they can study. It's being done during the time whenever they are free. In some cases, there are some parents that have part time jobs. Maybe because their salary is isn't enough for their children, so they decided to have a part time job. For me, I salute those persons that have part time jobs, because they are doing everything they can, their exerting extra efforts so that they can sustain their needs. I 'm impressed with the students that has part time jobs, because they can manage their time properly, they have enough energy to study at the same time work.


Now that I am a college student I suddenly realized how hectic studying in college is, all the lessons and the activities. After a whole day in class when I go home I still need to spend hours studying the things that were taught that day. A part time job is a job that requires less hours of work and requires less than that of a regular job. Nowadays it is known in the society that most students in different countries have their part time jobs while balancing their time for their studies too. If asked for my opinion I would have to say that I have high respect for those students who have part time jobs and yet they are still able to balance their time for studying and working. Being able to do that requires perseverance and dedication. They have to work hard in school in able to learn and ingest all the information taught there and they also need to be good in managing their time with their work. I think that having a part time job is a choice of a person and a test of knowing you better and develop yourself as an individual who has self discipline and will power.


Students are increasingly likely to work while in college. Though there are some negative aspects like over exertion and some sort of tensions, these jobs help the students with their financial needs and at the same time, it provides the much needed experience while studying or the so called On The Job Training (OJT). With the rising cost of tuition, supplies and some expenses, earning money while in college can be a priority for many students. Aside from paying for schooling itself, it is important for people particularly, college students to have their spending money for activities and entertainment so that one can stay sane when the pressures of education become heavy. Holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Having a part time job while studying will also help you prepare what field of work or profession you will get into. It will also give you experiences that will be very useful for your future work or profession. Your experiences from your part time job will help you enhance and develop more of your skills you have.


In today's society, more and more college students have part time job after school. In my opinion, I support that teenagers have part time jobs in their free time and the reasons are as follows. First, I think that having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. Besides, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. The second reason is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help teenagers find their ideal job more easily in the future. And the teenagers can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance. Third, teenagers can also expand their interpersonal relationship by having a part time job. In the recent year, interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in our working environment. If we have a good relationship with our colleagues or friends, when we have problems or want other people to help us, they will try their best to help us. Interpersonal relationship is really important in our working place. In summary, perhaps many people will think that having a part time job may affect our study, but I really think that having the part time job can help teenagers ' future become much better, no matter in the attitude toward money, in getting working experiences, or in interpersonal relationship.


There are a lot of students in college that have a part time job. I think the only reason why they engaged or undergo into a part time job is because of salary that they can get. It's money. One of the reasons is lack of financial support from their parents or maybe they want to help their parents and younger siblings. They find ways to pay their tuition fees and to survive in their everyday needs in life. They helping their parents instead of being a dependent one, they choose to be a matured one. In spite of benefits that a students that have a part time job, There is a disadvantages that a student may encounter of a having a work. It is DESTRUCTION in focus to study. students may also bother, confused, stress, tired and unfortunately sometimes the working student forget their health. Having a part time job while studying is depends to the person on how they obtain their objectives; manage their time and how they love their studies and work. This is only in my own opinion because having a part time job will develop the set of mind of a student, to be more competent, to have a harmonious relationship with other people such as interacting with your boss, co workers and costumers and also in the community in a good manner. 227


Having a part time job is important especially for college students even though they don't need it because their parents can support them financially. By the time you get in to college you are expected to become responsible young adults. You are given the freedom to do what you want because your expected that you know what is good for you and what is bad. But you are also expected that you can stand on your own by this time. Having part time job while your also a college student teaches you a lot of things it's like an early training ground and gives you an idea about what it feels like to independent. It helps you to be a more efficient person because you need to be good in time management in order to balance your studies and your part time job. It also teaches you the value of money; you will experience how hard it is to earn money. You also need to learn how to budget your money identifying your needs and wants. Having a part time job while you're still studying is hard but there is a solution in every problem as long as you want to overcome it. It's an early training ground for a college student to learn what would happen after they graduate it will be hard because you really need to manage time well in order to fulfil your duties as a student and as an employee. But after all the hard work the whole experience will worth it you will new things and be a more responsible individual.


After graduating in high school, most students would enter college and finish a degree. Some of them may be enrolled without having any financial problems, but some does not. Some students have a scholarship, have a financial assistance, and some chose to have a part time job. Some chose to have a job, and some just bluntly does not. Students working in the Philippines are rampant, and the number is still growing. Having a part time job could take up a lot of time and it could be tiring as well. But in reality, do they have a choice? To continue their studies, they should help in finding ways to earn money and stay in their chosen program and university. In my honest opinion, college students should not have a part time job, because they should only focus on their studies. Although countless numbers of students are working, some universities chose not to let their students be involved in part time jobs. But are there other ways to help them? In what ways can we decrease the number of students working, and at the same time, studying? Like at De La Salle University, the school's main goal is to let their students focus on their students and not be ignorant of the opportunity to study in DLSU. Almost 15% of the student's population are supported by financial grants and scholarships in order to continue their stay in the university. Opportunities like these are gradually increasing and this is a great system for student to have their dream to graduate and to finish their studies in flying colors. So, what should one really do? One would only have to focus and work smarter on one's studies. If one makes this happen, one would be successful in the future and could help in the betterment of this dilemma.


I don't believe that every college student should have a part time job. It is not necessarily important, because what are important are your studies. As a college student, I think having a job, even though it's part time, will just distract students and it might be a reason for us to get low grades. I 'm not saying that we're not supposed to have a job. It still depends whether the student can balance his/her time studying and working at the same time. But we should also consider the capabilities of the student and their study habit. If they are not very good when it comes to their academic standing, it is not recommended for them to enter a job. But if they love to study, and at the same time help their parents regarding their tuition fees, then I think it is just fine. Some students are already having a hard time balancing their times when it comes to studying, so I really think that the companies or the employees should know first the reason why they want to work, and also know how they do in school. Because before a student can be a good employee, he/she must learn everything they have to know in school.


A rising and common concern amongst college students nowadays is getting employed into a good company, especially with the increase in competition and demand. They find themselves mostly under qualified for the job they aspire, and so they resort to part time jobs. Part time jobs, not only do they give students a background in the work environment or OJT (on the job training), but also consume only a small amount of their time, allowing them to still be able to focus on their academics. In my opinion, part time jobs are not required, but highly recommended for any college student. The working experience comes in handy when it comes to entering a professional working atmosphere or a similar job. As an accounting student, I volunteered myself to get summer and part time jobs at a real estate firm. Though my occupation may not necessarily align with my future aspirations, the learning experience I gain is extremely helpful. It has not only taught me how things are supposed to be inside an office, but also the flow of work, the sense of professionalism, and the dedication to work. Basing it mostly from subjective input, I do highly recommend and agree that college students have part time jobs.


Part time job is a must for college students. Yes, it may be a burden but it also has lots of benefits. Here are some reasons why college students should engage theirselves in part time jobs. First of all. Due to extensive poverty and high tuition fees, not every parents can afford to send their sons and daughters to college. Inorder to solve the said problem, students may get a part time job to lessen thei parent's burden and for them to be able to go to college. Secondly. Students don't just earn money, But also experience which could be of a benefit for them. Involving theirselves in part time jobs helps them improve the following: Their communal skill/ social skills. Their time management strategies. And mostly their accountability. Lastly. Part time jobs are fun. You'll met new peers and you'll even know yourself better. It wont just help you get ready to face the real world, instead It'll also help you face the world with others. You'll meet different persons with different attitudes and point of views, through this you'll be able to adjust yourself towards others and you'll learn how to work with others who are different from you. You'll also be able to know your strenghts and weakness. And the career you 'd like to have after you graduate. So for me, college student must engage/ involve theirselves in part time jobs. For It wont just be of a help for them financially, but also personally and socially.


Job is something that we want to have in our life, we study so hard to have a good job in the future. Having a job is something that makes us proud because with this we earn something not just financially but also socially and emotionally. There are different kinds of jobs we have the full time and the part time jobs, in the full time job we spend most of our time to that job but in the part time job we just given a limited time so we can still do other things. Many people choose to have a part time job so they can have more time doing other things than working like some mothers do, they look for a part time job so they can still have time for their family especially to their children. Part time job is also common to students who want to have an extra income that can help them financially thru their studies. Students who have part time jobs are very hard working because they can manage their time and energy in their studies and work Part time job is not just a part time job it's also a big responsibility and hard work. Even though it's just a part time people should not underestimate it because a job is still a job no matter how much time you spent on it.


I think part time job is important for those students who lack of budget for their studying. This can be a way for them to earn money and use this money in financing their own tuition fees. It will be difficult but if they really want to finish studying they will have perseverance and the will in everything that they do. Part time job is also a need for those students who don't have anything to do when they have vacation. Instead of doing non sense thing or wasting their time playing computer games and any other thing they can have a part tie job. By this they can earn money and be producible. It is indeed a good thing because students will learn how to value money because they might it difficult in earning it and try to think whether they are spending it well. Many students nowadays will just get money from their parents and spending not wisely in mall or for guys spending it in computer shops. It also teaches students how handle money responsibly. Part time job can be help in preparing or training students in a real word basis. It can be a plus points in applying for a job because they already know that a student have a past background in working. There will always be a catch because while working a student must balance his or her time in working and studying. In another point of view this can be good because it can teach students how to be responsible in managing their time.


Studying for college after years of studying grade school and high school can be a monumental task for some. The less fortunate may drop out of school or not even begin studying at all because of their financial difficulties. This creates all sorts of problems for society as more youth have no decent education. Some of the less fortunate turn to part time jobs as their way of alleviating their financial problems. They study while working to earn money just to pay their school dues.. One of the main reasons for a college student to have a part time job is financial problems. Some college students have difficulty in paying their school dues and are forced to take on a part time job; however, I still believe that they must not take on part time jobs. There are scholarships available for less fortunate yet deserving students. Some scholarships even give out stipends or allowances. A part time job for a college student has advantages like, having financial support in their studies, job experience and knowledge; however it has its disadvantages like, less time for studying and more fatigue. College students should be concentrating on their studies, not on looking for ways to pay their tuition. Paying their tuition should be the job of the parents or guardians of the student. I believe that it is not important for college students to have a part time job because it deprives them of their energy and time that should be allocated for their studies.


What are the importances of having a part time job as a student? What are the disadvantages of having a part time job? The importance of having a part time job as students are having financial independence so they don't have to always ask their parents for money everytime there's a project and things to buy. They will learn the value of money and be responsible in spending the money that they work hard for. Also it makes the students productive. We will learn the value of money. It will give the students more confidence. They will learn how to balance work with studies thus having better time management. Having a part time job while studying can help the students acquire experiences for later life; they won't have to worry about not getting a job because of not having any experience. Having a part time can also help the students to associate with other people and be more sociable. It will also help them to enhance their personal skills. But there are also the disadvantages of having a part time job such as: too much money in hands of a student can lead to bad habits like doing drugs. They can also drop their education because of knowing that they can already earn money so they don't need to study anymore. Having a part time job can also interfere with their studies and can be a reason for them to fail. It can also affect their health by being over fatigue with school and work thus making them sick.


A part time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. There are many reasons for working part time, including the desire to do so, having one's hours cut back by an employer and being unable to find a full time job. "Part time" can also be used in reference to a student (usually in higher education) who takes only a few courses, rather than a full load of course work each semester. Having a part time job is important to student because it can help them use their income wisely. Through their part time job they can buy all the things they want and all the things they need without asking money to their parents. Having a part time job is also an experience it can help us develop our skills in working. It can also refer as our practice in the near future and having a part time job can help think or find the ideal job that suite to us. Also to the students like me if I have a part time job I can minimize my spending. I will learn to save some money so that whenever I like to buy some things I can have it right away. At the same time you can practice your interpersonal relationship.


Part time job is one way of earning a living either additional income or to suffice the needs of everyone. Part time jobs is very common to those whose earning is not enough that's why they were force to do part time jobs. Also doing part time jobs is a big advantage more often to the students cause while studying at the same time having a part time job gives them more training and were able to experience how to earn a living. My father encouraged me last vacation to do part time job at any food chain but I refused for reason of laziness and I don't like any hard work, but as I think it over carefully, my father was right, not for financial shortages reasons but for a reason of learning how to earn a living and how to treasure each and every cents we have. My father wants me to realize the hardships of how to earn a living in which in the end would give more benefits in general. I do hope that by next vacation, I could find a part time job so that I can experience also at my early age on how to earn a living and at the same time how to treasure every cents I have on my pocket, at any reasons it is beneficial not only on my part but also to my whole family. I admired those students who are doing part time jobs cause it's a big help to their parents as well as it gives them experiences on how to earn a living. Also, once a student graduated and having an experience of being a student and at same time doing part time jobs is an edged or advantaged in applying for a job.


In my opinion, I think that having a part time job is essential for college students. It provides them several advantages. For one, it will give them something to be busy about. College students are to be considered as adults already for they are expected to be mature enough to know how to use their time wisely. Instead of using their leisure time for senseless things, having a part time job will make them more productive and more skilful. Since college students are just one step away from having a work or job already, it will be beneficial to them if they will have even a little overview as to how it is like in the real world. They will be exposed to the kind of environment that they might be in once they actually start working. They will be more aware to the right kind of attitudes and behaviors that must be practiced in their respective working area. The experience that they will gain in having a part time job will give them an edge over the others for they may include it in their resume when they will be applying for a job in the near future. Moreover, it may be a help to their parents for they may earn extra money or income that can also help in their everyday expenses.


It is important for college students to have a part time job.  It is important for college students to have a part time job so they can help their parents. It is also important for the students to have a part time job so they will have experience in working, and on how to be a good employee. If a college student has a part time job he or she can buy things that he or she might want without getting the money from his or her parents. It is important for college students to have a part time job so they will know the importance and how hard to earn money nowadays. If the college student has a part time job he or she can practice independency. It can also help lessen the expenses of the student like for example buying of books, food, clothes and etc. For college students, having a part time job can help increase our economy. Having a part time job helps you learn to budget and handle money. It will also build your character because you will be obligated to go to your job because if you don't go to your job you will not earn money. For college students like me, having a part time job will make my self more employable, I will learn some personal and financial responsibility and I will experience life outside the school.


Since most of the family's before face mild or extreme poverty, most of the students got part time jobs in restaurants, gas stations, grocery stores and etc in order to get proper education. They use their salaries to pay for their tuitions, books, clothes and other necessities. That is why dual roles of college students as part time workers and students have been common since our fathers ' time. I remember my father telling me stories about his experiences as a working student during his college years. He said that having the role of a working student was very hard because being able to maintain both his work and studies was a difficult task. There were times when he was exhausted from his work, yet he could not rest because he still had to do his assignments and study for the lessons. But after a period of time, he left his job in order to fully concentrate on his studies. Based on my father's past experiences, I can only say that part time jobs for college students may hinder their goals in getting good grades. Some students may say that they can maintain and excel both their academics and work, but there will come a time when their health might collapse due to exhaustion, extreme pressure and lack of proper sleep. Others may say that they will get part time jobs inside their schools as scholarship grants, but even this may hinder their grades because of the conflicting schedules. They may say that they will find time to finish both their assignments and jobs, but what if their classes are until 5PM and they have no long breaks? College students may take part time jobs as long as they can handle all the workload, manage their grades and maintain their health.


Going through college is an integral part of life. It is part of the process one goes through in acquiring knowledge and experience in order to face life's circumstances. In living the college life, students are gradually trained to become actual citizens of the country wherein they practice their chosen profession. However, is it important for college students to have part time jobs as part of their training? I don't think so. Although part time jobs may indeed serve as a training ground for students before they become real professionals or workers, I believe that it is not necessary at all for students to be involved with these jobs while studying. Working in these jobs may only divert the student's time and attention away from their studies, especially for the freshmen. Fresh from the high school system, first year college students are still in the process of adjusting their time management. Aside from that, working while studying will be especially hard for those students studying in a trimestral system. I also believe that the opportune time will come when students are given the chance to practice their learned concepts at school. The opportune time that I am talking about is the on the job training program that students will undergo on their higher years during college. Even though I don't consider part time jobs as a significant part of college life, I am not against it. If the students can handle their time and can benefit from these jobs such as earning additional income, they may work in part time jobs.


It is interesting that now, after so many years of ignoring it, parents are urging their children to take part time jobs. Although many might consider it unnecessary as they come from well off families, having a part time job not only gives the child more money, it also teaches very important values which can help the child later on in life. First, it teaches the child independence. Since the child no longer has to depend on his parents giving him his allowance for his daily sustenance, he now has a sense of independence which will help him later on in life. This is a very crucial trait to teach to a child. Secondly, it teaches the child to be responsible. When one has a job, he is trusted to complete the tasks assigned to him. And unlike school where non compliance simply results in a verbal reprimand, the child is exposed to a world with real consequences. As a result, the child learns accountability and responsibility. Finally, a part time job would develop a child's self confidence –he now earns money and can buy what he wants without having to beg his parents. This gives the child a sense of achievement which, in turn, improves a child's self confidence. This helps him later on in life as he faces various challenges. So, one can see that a part time job has numerous benefits in bringing up a child it is not only an added source of income. This is why parents must encourage their children to take up part time jobs. a


Part Time Job: Part Relief, Part Misery. Whether the student should spare some time in working or should he devote his time entirely on studying depends on the economic sphere that surrounds him. Obviously, without hesitation, it is necessary, important and practical to have a part–time job if the student's economic status belongs to the level similar of those who were in the third world. With the indomitable increase in the cost of studying, an additional income obtained from part time job is a partial relief on the side of the parents or guardians who are the sole responsible for the education of the students. Also the experience acquired by the students in his part time job might help him as well to cope up or adapt with the real economic condition prevailing in the industry where he would, at some time in the future, belongs. But if the student belongs to the few well off families, having a part time job might just be a waste of time. As we know, a great implication of part time job is the division of the student's useful and productive time. He should just devoutly study and focus on developing and improving himself for the future so that the products and the fruits of his entire education will be of standard level and of high quality.


Part time jobs produce extra pay to those who think that their current jobs don't pay well. Numerous people of our country, do freelance. For countless reasons, people choose for a part time job because they need extra money. Others go for part time jobs since that they want their free time or extra time to be resourceful. In our case as college students, we, having different schedules of classes and times of leisure, sometimes get the longing for job involvement, extra earnings, financial and educational support, that is why we prefer a part time job. Parents of some students don't have that much income so others tend to apply for scholarship or go for part time jobs at night. But in some cases, some students won't prefer part time jobs. Some do not have extra time that's why they won't go for part time jobs. They just seem to stay put in where they are. Even if they wanted to, it will be hard for them to cope up. Several people who worked part time through their studies, found it hard balancing between reorganizing their education, their work and social life Another concern with part time jobs in students was stress since it began to utterly affect their health and their way of thinking and manner in handling ordeals. Students who have part time jobs can pay their own payments or personal spending without demanding support from their parents. Having a part time job as a student is a good choice because it trains students to be financially independent and also can give extra money for those who do not have that much money to pay tuition fees.


College is the most difficult level of education in one's life and it may also be the most expensive. It would be burdensome for the one who is making someone go to a university especially if he/she has a low income. The budget for necessities and education is just adequate and even insufficient so there would be no allotment for other miscellaneous. Attending college requires a lot of expenses regardless of your tuition fees like costumes for plays, materials for projects etc. so you need some source of income in order to finance all of that. Having a part time job is the solution to that problem. Part time jobs have many types one of which is working at a store or restaurant. Applying in that job suites for people who are hardworking and friendly. Another type of part time job is selling foods or pastries for the people who want to cook or bake. The last example for a part time job would be selling handicrafts and self made accessories to those creative ones. Engaging in a part time job is helpful for college students because they have the opportunity to test what they are learning in school and evaluate what skills or knowledge they still need to know. Also, having the first salary and realizing that you paid something out of your effort and hard work may be your greatest fulfillment in your life. Part time job would help one's parents in bills and develop one's talent and capability.


In my opinion, I would say that I am not agreeing of the statement about the It is important for collage students to have a part time job. The reasons are; it affects their time, studies and health. Their time paying for studying would be limited. They don't have enough time in reviewing or studying their lesson; therefore they may have difficulties in following the class. I have few friends who have a part time job, and they complain that they are too tired and sometimes do not want to go to class after hard working night. Consequently, these students will receive a not good grade records, therefore, this will strongly affect on the chance of finding a good job in the future. Moreover, some teenagers who have a large amount of money in hand may be easily involved in drugs, alcoholic and computer games. In these disadvantages that I have mentioned, you will see that having a part time job is not good for a student like me. As a student, we need to prioritize our study more than anything else. For me, it would be better if we focused first in studying and finished what you started. Because it is the best gift that we can give to our parents.


Part time job is a job that really helps many people especially students who can't afford to pay their tuition fee. Part time job has a big help now a days, mostly to the college students. For me it is very important to college students to have a part time job. It has many advantages that can help college students, example of these are, they can be trained being a disciplined person by managing their time as a student and as a worker. These students can work in day time and during the night they can attend to their school or vice versa. Having a part time job can train the students how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. They will learn how to save and think how important money is. Besides, I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Another thing is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help us find our ideal job more easily in the future. And we can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance.


In our today's society, more college students apply for part time jobs. Though working and studying at the same time is quite tough, they still apply for it because of several reasons. Some may have financial problems in their family. Maybe their parents cannot afford all the expenses in school. Some maybe just want to buy all their desires. For example, they just want to buy new high tech gadgets and new clothes. While some maybe just want to have an experience in new things. Although their reasons are good and valid, they still need to be more responsible in balancing their time between studies, family, and social life. Even though having a part time job is quite challenging, it is somehow beneficial to college students. First, since it requires great effort and excellent time management, they learn how to be more sensible and independent. Second, they'll have better job opportunities in the future. Nowadays, if an employer is looking at a resume of someone with hands on work experience and one without, the first candidate has a much better chance. Although it is hard to add it up to their normal time schedule, it is helpful in terms of making their resume more interesting. Another benefit is they can gain more experience that is indeed useful to their future jobs. They can apply what they've learned in class into practice. Lastly, they can meet new people that might be beneficial to them in the future. The relationships they build at their job could help them secure solid references for her resume or land an interview for an internship. A part time job is like a second education. We discover new things that we don't learn in school. We also gain real learning experience that is more important than other informative books.


Students in high school and college take part time jobs for a lot of reasons. It may possibly be for the needs of the students to earn a lot of money because of financial problems and so that they can pay fees for their schools. While other students need to work only to make their life easier; they wouldn't worry that much in purchasing a large amount for foods, school supplies, rents and bills especially if they earn a lot of money from their job. On the other side, some students work for part time jobs for what their pleasure needs; students can do and buy whatever they want when they have saved up enough money from their job, like purchasing belongings like clothing and gadgets or just to spend money for computer games, movies, concert or marathon tickets, vices, and etc. Students working for part time job not just provide money, but it will also help them learn and improve their skills. Part time job is also a preparation for teenagers for adult life. One preparation is communication skills. Students are more exposed into dealing with different people; it's a matter of how you are cautious and careful with your words and how you show respect to people. Another preparation is the importance of responsibility. Anything they do will be observed and assessed, so they tend to work harder and do their best in everything they do. And lastly, is learning how hard money is earned. It takes a lot of patience and hardwork to obtain a lot of money. Students must not take advantage of it and appreciate the value of money. Indeed, students who take part time jobs not just only obtain money, they also obtain skills that can develop them into better employees in the future.


For most students, perhaps, having a part time job is a lot of work. Yes, it may be difficult to handle both academics and work at the same time but the extra income can come in handy. Tuition fee alone keeps on increasing every school year and the weight sure is heavy on our pockets. Don't even mention all the miscellaneous fees that eat up our allowance and leave us with barely enough for food to eat. That's where part time jobs come in the picture. Part time jobs are very beneficial, most especially to college students. As mentioned earlier, various expenses keep on coming up and the money that students will get from having a part time job will ease their financial problems. Being a college student myself, I can't always ask my parents for money as they are already the ones paying my tuition fee. And numerous job opportunities cater to college students looking for part time jobs. Since it is only part time, it doesn't take up all of your time. Probably the most common type is the ones wherein students study during the day and work at night. This is very effective since students are able to study and work at the same time. Having a part time job not only gives us extra income but it also teaches us how to value money. It serves as a teaser for the full time job we'll have after college. We'll become more independent and need not worry about school expenses anymore. Overall, it is best for college students to have part time jobs. They will be of great help to students, most especially their financial needs. The hard work needed may seem daunting at first but rest assured, it will pay off in the long run.


The poverty in the Philippines decreases rapidly, due to the lack of education and unemployment given to the people. With the new program made by the Aquino Administration, the burden of the marginalized Filipino families in making their children study worsened. Practically not only the parents should work for their children's education but also the children themselves. Due to the new curriculum given by the government, this would enable the students to work while studying. In my opinion, it is important for the student to work while having his education because they tend to learn more through experiences. Works just don't give salary for the working students; they also give sufficient experiences that the students can apply to their academics. On the other hand, the student might find it hard to balance education to their work. They may end up focusing on their jobs that they might be able to forget to study for their academics. However, this experience could help the student's to learn how to manage their time that may help them and grow to a more matured individual. Education would always be important to a person; it would always depend on the student whether or not they would help their parent with their own education.


College students need part time jobs for them to have allowances. They need this for survival so that they can eat 3 times a day and buy the things that satisfy their needs and wants. For college students, they work as a working students as their part time job while studying. Part time job are the answer so that we can balance our studies while working. Part time job is a job in which he or she does not work for full hours. Part time jobs give as freedom to choose schedule in work. Part time is not only for the employed ones but it can also be for the students. Working students are an example of having these part time jobs. They work for least hours so that the students have time to review their notes. Students who cannot afford to pay the bills work as a working student, so that they can achieve their goals in life. It is important for college students to have this job because of some reasons. Like they can't afford to pay tuition fees because they have no money or poor people so these people are given chances to study. Some of them just in the middle of the semester lack their allowances because they have a problem in their families. Student need part time jobs for their projects also. Dormitory bills are also important to pay so to be able to pay some students have this job. The things that satisfy their need is food if there is a scarcity of these necessities these jobs can be very important. This job can help us a lot to have a better future someday. It is the key to our success. Students take part time jobs so that they can study and be successful someday.


A part time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. Workers are considered to be part time if they commonly work fewer than 30 or 35 hours per week. There are many reasons for working part time, including the desire to do so, having one's hours cut back by an employer and being unable to find a full time job. "Part time" can also be used in reference to a student (usually in higher education) who takes only a few courses, rather than a full load of coursework each semester. And it is very helpful to the student when he/she has a part time job because the salary may use for the allowance in everyday fare and the other need for school like books and the like. Many students whose work is part time job, sometimes students just take as a working experience not for the sake of extra money but the experience. Like me I want to have part time job for the experience only, so that I have experience when I apply for a certain job in the future. Part time job for the students is a big help for them even though it's a little bit difficult but they need to do it for many reason.


In today's society, more and more college students have part time job after school. In my opinion, I support that teenagers have part time jobs in their free time. Part time job is essential for students as part time job makes a student more active, gives some experiences and student can earn some pocket money. Part time job is defined when students do some job besides their study so that they can able spend their leisure time properly. For an example, students cannot keep themselves busy all the time. Sometimes they take some time for relaxing or spending leisure period. There are some students who get bored spending more leisure periods. So for them to be alive they start to take a job for spending their leisure. As a result they become more active in their daily life and get more concern about their study too. Sometimes part time job gives a student some experiences. It is true before getting a permanent job or big job every people should have to get experiences about what they will going to be do in future. For an example, students are given some offers for internship before graduating from university. That internship is kind of part time job which give students some experiences for their future job. The one of most profitable for student is pocket money. Students those are doing part time job they can earn some money so sometimes they don't have to ask their parents for giving them some money. If students take a job for part time, continue that job so they can able to achieve profit in different ways. At the end they will become more efficient, more perfect and more profitable in their future life.


Because of the continuous increase of school tuition fees and other school miscellaneous dues, we really have to seek for alternative way to sustain our needs especially for us students. Students who are suffering in financial crisis but are determined to finish their studies, one best solution is to seek for a part time job. Aside from applying for a scholarship, having a Part time job will not hinder our study unless we don't permit our work schedule interfere our responsibilities at school. Part time jobs will not only support your studies but will also help your parents to lift their financial burden. Aside from that it teaches us responsibility, we got to learn that our parents won't be with us all our life to give us what we need or want, we got to learn how to earn our own money so we can learn the value of money when we work & earn it by ourselves. College students are always on the look out for jobs with part time not only near the campus but also to pay them well. Job seeking student is a process that never stops, and students keep on trying to learn some of the best part time jobs available on college campuses or near the campus. It depends where do you want to work? There are lots of different kinds of part time jobs available in different areas. Some will work better for you than others depending on your skills, schedule, and what you want and are willing to do. One common place to work part time as a teenager is at a restaurant. It is common but not all restaurants are created equal. There are fast food restaurants, diners, semi  in between restaurants, and fancy restaurants.


In today's time wherein the cost of living here in our country is rising every now and then as always, practicality shall be applied by all. We should not waste our time and energy to the things that will not benefit us at all. Instead, we should think of a way on how we can fight this rising cost of living. As early as now in our college life, we must try to find a way in which we could help our parents especially on the financial need. Having a part time job will really help a lot on the carriage that our parents are lifting and are working for. We can help a lot even by simply covering the everyday expenses that we incur especially if we have younger brothers and sisters who also studies and needs money to go to school. We should not think of ourselves only anymore and instead do something to help our whole family. If we can get a scholarship, much better for it will be a really big help on your parents. All college students should remember that we are the future work force of our economy. Our country depends on us so why not contribute to the economy in as early as now in no matter what way we want to. Besides, this part time job that we might have will give us the experience that we need someday. We will not start from scratch anymore especially if we land on a job connected to the part time job we did. Having a part time job will teach us on how to face life on a mature way.


For me, the importance of having a part time job in college depends on the status of the person. As we all know, the status of the people in our world are not equal. There are people who are rich and there are also people who are poor. If the family of the students have enough income and resources to support their needs don't anymore need to have a part time job in college. Since having a part time job in college would just serve as an additional burden for them. Plus it is already no point for them to have a part time job since they are already enjoying their lives. In the case of the poor students who can't afford the expenses in college, whether they like it or not, they have to have a part time job if they still want to continue studying in college. Since studying college is very much expensive aside from tuition fees, there are also transportation fees, allowance, miscellaneous fees and others. Even though it is difficult and time consuming, part time jobs can give them extra income to support their expenses in college. Sometimes the wages of part time jobs are low but it would help them reduce the burden of their families especially, their parents.


A part time job is something that you don't do full time, it is something that you do during your spare time to either earn money or to gain experience for your future profession. Part time jobs are very essential and helpful to everybody because it does function as your source of income but also a source of experience that you could use in the future. People who commonly apply for part time jobs are college students. They apply for part time jobs for an internship about their major program. College students take internships because it gives them a feel of the world that they would soon enter after their graduation. Their internship also gives them a chance of being absorbed by the company that they applied. Another reason why college students apply for part time jobs is that they need a source of income to pay for their college education. As a first year college student, I myself want to apply for a part time job because I want to have field experience in my major program which is Architecture. I believe that with the experience that I would get from my part time job I could perform better in school because I would have corporate knowledge and experience of the things that school would not teach.


Luxury cars, big houses, pile of clothes. Who does not want to have those things. I am definitely sure that all of us want to have lots and lots of money. Therefore, we strive hard just to have lots of money. Some people take even two or more jobs at the same time just to earn more money. Part time job is a job that is good for people who wants to earn more money which is more applicable to college students. It is where you work for just a couple of hours and you get paid after your working hours. And mostly, those who have this kind of job are college students. An example of a part time job is working at coffee shops and fast foods chains. And in today's society, more and more college students have a part time job to earn money, and it is also a way for them to know that it is not easy to earn money. Some people think that having a part time job may affect our study, but I really think that having the part time job can help teenagers ' future become much better, no matter in the attitude toward money or in getting working experiences


College Students Should Have Part Time Job Do you agree or disagree that college students should do part time job? Most students are motivated to work in some reasons. I believe that part time job is beneficial for students despite some people who argue that students should not do part time job because their main duty is studying. In my opinion, I personally think that college students can work part time but not mainly for money. They need to have some experiences for their future career. If they have good experiences, they will have good opportunity to get job when they finish their education. They may study and at the same time may work to lessen the burdens of their parents. Nowadays, a large number of students choose to have a part time job in their spare time. Surely, a part time job can provide cash and working experience to them. Another benefit of having a job is it builds character in oneself. It also allows students to get a sense of independence as they are not always relying on their parents to give them money. Part time job lets the students appreciate money that they earn from their job. They will eventually learn not to waste money for something that gives no meaning. It lets them build and realize their dreams as they have started earning on their own. In summary, perhaps many people will think that having a part time job may affect their studies, but I really think that this job can help college students ' future become much better. Part time job may sound beneficial as long as it wouldn't hinder the focus of students on studying.


Having a part time job can develop your sense of responsibility. Also it can practice you to your future life because someday you will have your own family. If you have a part time job it will teach you how to manage and use your time wisely and productively. You will learn how to be a little bit independent because you will not ask for the help of your parents especially to your financial needs. You will learn how to be mature enough and be responsible of your own. You must be aware that your parents are not always there to help you in your problem. Having a part time job can help you to earn money. As a college student, I can prove that having a part time job is important for college students. Well at first it will help you to lessen your financial problems. In college, every often you will need to spend money to the requirements of your professor and sometimes a lot of money for you to pass in your subjects even the minor subjects. Also you can have an allowance without asking your parents to give you by getting on the salary of your part time job. If you do that your parents will be proud of you. On the other hand, having a part time job can make your daily schedule hectic. You must manage your time properly to avoid absences on your school or on your part time job.


It is important for college students to have a part time job because they can gain experiences, developed their skills and personalities and earn money in the part time job. Part time job can develop them by practicing what they learned in the schools. They can have academic knowledge and hands on experience. Students can develop confidence, communication skills, time management. They can earn money and buy the things they want. They can use it for their future use, tuition fees and personal needs and socialize. Students with part time jobs learns to be reliant on their families as well as it is good preparation for their independent life in the near future. The most important thing to remember in having a part time job for college students is their ability to balance academics and their part time job. while having a part time time will develop financial independence, it may however defocus students from their studies. Many college students like me especially those who are financially under priviledged struggle to make both ends meet. The tuition fee and other school related expenses may always be a problem so to address this it is important for college students to have a part time job. 205


Earning while studying is a good thing but not all students are capable of working while exploring and developing their knowledge. There are advantages and disadvantages, some barriers that hinder us and of course there are some factors to be considered before deciding to have a part time job. We'll discuss all of it for us to know that having a work while studying is really important to college students. Having a part time job while you're in college will lessen your parents ' expenses, to be independent in an early age, to gain unforgettable experiences while working and also it will help you to be competitive. Those are some of the advantages of working while studying. When there are benefits that you can get from something of course there are also some disadvantages and those are as follows: you'll probably had a conflict with your schedule and time, there are also possibilities that you cannot study well after work because you are tired and it might cause you to be prone in accidents or robbery especially when you are working on the night time. Before entering into a work, still, you are a student so you must have the consent of your parents, they must agree. That's one of the reasons why college student that likes to have a part time job cannot do what they want. We must also think first if we can really do two things at the same time, if we really like what we are doing and if that we make us a better person. We must put in our mind that no matter what we do, we have to make sure that it is for the best.


Part  time workers are considered to be part time if they commonly work fewer hours and days in a week. Part time workers may not be entitled in some benefits and privileges that full time workers have such as 13 month pay, sick leave, and so on depending on the country's labor laws and individual business provisions. In the Philippines, however, the common legal part time workers are the college students since many of the businesses that offer part time job preferred literate workers that are in appropriate age. Majority of this college part timers work to sustain their education. Education in the Philippines, tertiary in particular, is too expensive that majority of the Filipino families cannot afford it in view of the fact on the country's high unemployment rate and insufficient funds. I mentioned legal part time workers earlier for the reason that these workers were hired by businesses that are legally registered to the government and therefore act in accordance of the country's labor laws. I also mentioned the lack of funds and high unemployment rate that may mean poor opportunity for the population. This poor opportunity led the Filipinos to strive whatever it takes to find a living. As a result, they accept jobs whenever there's a given opportunity on a short span of hours or days even they are paid less than what is standard. These workers can be called illegal part timers such as carpenters, vendors, repairman, etc. that is not employed on any registered firm that only works when someone needed them. This kind of living can only sustain the basic needs of the family such as food, shelter and clothing. It can't even prolong a single child's education up to tertiary. Therefore part time jobs are very important for many college students since it gives them the opportunity to study while working.


Being a student having a part time job is quite difficult for us. For me it is important for a student to have a part time job because it helps in earning money especially if the student has a financial problem for their education and somehow to supplement family income. They can also improve their time management skills. A part time job can provide also both training and experience. By working, the students learn about their responsibilities and can also reinforce what they are learning in school. Having an experience in working is a good accomplishment for a student while studying, because like what I have said it is a difficult thing to do for a student having a part time job and at the same time studying. And also it helps the student realize how hard it is to earn money like what their parents are doing. By realizing this, they will start to be thrifty and not to spend their money in buying things that are not important and having no vices. Our parents are going to be very proud of us. For me, making my parents proud will motivate me to study hard and do my job well.


For me, not that much unless you're really in need of the money that you can earn while having a part time job. I do not agree completely because mainly you're studying, and in my opinion you only have to focus on your studies, having a part time job can be very stressful, because you'll need to balance your studies as well as your job, I have friends that has a part time job and at the same time studying and seeing them sleeping in the class makes me think that it is not really advisable that college students should really have a part time job, it can be done while having your summer vacation, because college students doesn't need to wake up very early to attend classes every summer plus you can have your own hard earned money in summer, I 'm not saying that having a part time job is bad but I think it is not just advisable for college students like me, but if the need arises like if my parents can't afford to send me to my university anymore then maybe that's the time that I will consider having a part time job, the same reason goes to the other college students like me.


Teenagers today tend to always buy anything they want from clothes up to different gadgets. As part of the increasing number of the college students in our country, I feel somehow guilty when I ask my parents to buy something for me even though they are already spending for my education at the same time buying all the things I want. That's why having a part time job as a college student can help not only you but also your parents as well. Have you ever felt how it feels to buy something using your own savings from your allowances? Even though, it is natural for us Filipinos to support our children even if they are not anymore kids. Not like kids in the US, that when out of High School, they are considered as an independent individual. Having a part time job can really boost your self confidence at the same time help support our parents. For me, every time I get to spend my savings on clothes and shoes, I feel excited to use them because knowing that it came from my savings is a great feeling. As I had seen in one of the articles I found in the Internet before, McDonalds today are encouraged to hire students during the summer so that somehow they could have an allowance even though it is summer time. Part time jobs is important for people who financially unstable. But even though they are the people who mostly need these jobs, I am still encouraging many of us students of De La Salle to enrol in these part time jobs and start helping our parents financially.


I think to have a part time job is somehow good especially for us student. It's a big help to our daily expenses, especially in our educational needs. We may be able to earn money through our own hands and we will be able to know the significance of having or earning money. Having a part time job has a big help in our daily needs, we will not just expect or depends to our parents to give us the allowance but in our own hands we're expensing our need. But somehow, for the part of our parents, it may be hard for us to handle and balance our studies while working. For them, we need to focus first to our studies for us to get a high grades in school and so that the outcome of it will have a great job in future. For instance, if the child will have a schedule of his/her school at morning until afternoon and his/her work schedule is on evening, the child will have a hard time to do his home works, projects and even he/she will not have time to him/herself and to his/her family. The time for her/himself will be limited and so to his/her studies too.


For me the importance of having a part time job for college students depends on the situation of the family of the student. Because in the Philippines, bades on what I've watched in news and learned in school and etc. Many Filipinos are experiencing poverty which makes many Filipinos not able to study or go in school. Even they want to study they don't have the opportunity or chance to go in school because of having insufficient money. This problem makes those filipino that wants to study buy not capable of paying the tuition and other requirements realized that it is important for them to have a part time job in order for them to attend school. All of us needs education because this is the only thing that others cannot steal from us. Education is important for us because it teaches us responsibility and because they got to learn that his/her parents wont be with them all their lives to support them or to give them what they want. They got to learn how to earn their own money. It is important for us college students to have a part time job for us to be able to lessen the expenses of our parents and in case we need something and our parents cannot provide us money, we can buy it from our own money that came from our work without asking for the help of our parents.


Nowadays we can see that many of students specially the college students have a part time job after or before school. Having a part time job while attending school helps students in being better prepared for the real world. A part time job along with school workload help students to learn to handle greater responsibilities effectively, improve time management skills, and become mentally stronger to deal with the stress real world may have in store for them once they graduate. Students also improve at multitasking and taking charge of their own life affairs. Successful handling of both job responsibilities and school workload also increase students ' self esteem as well as self confidence in their abilities. Part time job build responsibility, influence proper choices, build relationships, and even help develop self discipline. Holding a job is a very productive and gratifying experience. The experience gained from a part time job is priceless. Earning money in your own is a great experience. We cannot deny the fact that earning in your own is a great pleasure. There are some reasons why students have part time job. They want to explore things; they want to train themselves to earn money and to know that it is not an easy thing to earn money. They want to buy things in their own. They want to have work experience. They want to help their parents and for them to study because not all parents can afford their children to go for school. Many people think that having part time job can affect the studies of the students but I think having part time job can help the student's future become much better. Having a part time job and having money in your own is a great and unforgettable experience.


People nowadays spend their spare time useful. They make themselves productive when they have nothing to do. And make sure they earn some benefit from that thing they are up to. Best example? A Part time job. A part time job is only a temporary work in a short period of time. Well anyone can really get a part time job. Even students can get one, as long as they can do what they applied for. They work to earn some money and use it for their studies, family and etc. But most of them, they are students who are working to support their financial needs. They search for a part time job because they can't get a real job that needs all of your time. One can't give all of his/her time when he/she is studying. One won't be able to focus on their studies because of the time allotted for them to study is very short. Unlike in a part time job, you have more time in studying even if it's not that long. I really salute to those who can balance their time in studying and working. Because you can really see in them that they're willing to do anything just to study. And they really excel in class; they make sure that their hard work in working in a part time job is really worth it. Because they know their work is only temporary, they make sure that it's all worth it.


Some schoolmates I know have part time jobs. Most of them don't. Personally, I don't have a part time job, but I still think having one is important; which is why I plan to apply for one in the near future. Having a part time job has its ups and downs. The main downside is the student's difficulty in handling a very time pressing schedule. But once the student is able to handle it, the rewards can be very satisfying. For one, it puts a good amount of green papers in your wallet. And with that amount, it makes your financial responsibilities a little easier to handle. Another is the experience you gain from having a part time job—I mean, yeah, it's obvious that part time jobs for students are no brainer jobs, but it gives you an idea on how the business industry operates. When you get out of college, you won't be the work virgin that's asking obvious questions all the time. And last, with experience comes confidence. Given that you've used your time wisely when you were at your part time job, when you get a real job, you won't be the guy who's always walking hunchbacked in the hallway. You'll be one of those who stand tall and walks with confidence on the experience that you have. Choosing to have a part time job should be made freely. You're going to have to be willing to be exhausted when you go home at night and still open your books to study for your next class the following day. You're going to have to make sacrifices, but in the end, the rewards will be great.


Nowadays, given the crises that our economy experiences, even students are compelled to work to be able to support themselves. Lucky for them, most universities allow specialized schedules which make the probabilities of the time allotment for their subjects and for their part time jobs coincide lesser. Part time workers are also usually not given heavy workloads; most part time jobs involve only easy tasks such as tending to a cash register or keeping an inventory of stocks a retail business. As a student, I position myself halfway between agreeing and disagreeing. For me, a part time job not only enables a student to gain income in order to support himself, but also trains him to be more responsible and more efficient in managing his time in order to be able to cope with harder tasks in the future. On the contrary, I, myself, also find it very hard to manage my time: cramming during the last minute, barely making the deadline and not bothering to do assignments at home – I copy most of my assignments from my blockmates during breaks; so I think having to do two take care of these two things – studying and working – at once, must be a very hard thing to do. There is also less time to enjoy or do things at a leisurely pace if one decides to engage in a part time job. At the end of the day, it is best considering the capabilities and the priorities of the students so as to make sure whether he will be able to handle tending to studying and working at once. After all, the dog who barked for a larger piece of meat than what he had only lost his own and gained nothing.


As a college student, I think, part time jobs are very important because of several reasons. First, part time jobs provide lenient working hours for people who are often busy during the morning like college students. Part time jobs are often 4 5 hours depending on the part timer's schedule. It is a very flexible working hour wherein one can go to work during his or her convenient time. For example, a college student who goes to university from 7:30 am up to 4:30 pm and who does not have much to do on his or her schedule beyond 4:30 pm can apply for a part time job of 5 pm onwards. The college student can choose a schedule of work that best suits his/her and does not, in anyway, be too inconvenient for her especially when he/she goes to the university. College students like me could gain salaries that are of great help, especially with our expenses while we are studying. We could use our hard earned money for our allowances, buying books, and even for paying our tuition fees which could also be beneficial to our parents who spend a lot paying for our education. Another good thing about part time job is that it gives us students experience in the field of work. We could choose a part time job that is related to our field of study which could give us an idea of what kind of job we could do after we graduate. Experience is the best teacher as they say and gaining this experience from part time job would be of great help. It is beneficial and it is of importance to develop university students.


We all know that nowadays prices in everything goes up even the tuition increases. It is very hard for the parents on how they will provide the needs of their child. Especially in college, more expenses are occurring. It is important for the parents and the student to finish college because many opportunities in their life will come in. Having a part time job for college students will ease the burden of our parents. Part time job is important because it will help our parents and instead of them giving you allowance you will get your allowance from your salary. It is also important because it will make you a more dependent person. Being independent will help you to stand on your feet to face the real world. It gives you the background on how businesses work. It will mold you to become more competitive as you graduated college. It will build you yourself confidence and how you interact to the people around you. Also, how do you deal to the different people and how will be the approach you will do them. It is important for college students to have a part time job because this will teach many students lessons not only academically but in life. They will be ready in any challenges may come in their way. It will practice them also their skill in working and balancing their time from the work to studies and family. Moreover, it will train also the college students how to finance their money.


Part time jobs are all over the place. You can even have a part time job while sitting on your computer chairs. But most of the time, it is needed when someone's salary is not enough to satisfy his/her needs or wants. Even though its "PART TIME" it can help a lot in satisfying your needs and wants. Most of the time part time jobs have low salary, but in order to gratify your needs you will apply for it. Financial problem is the reason why people apply for a part time job. Part time jobs is something that you will not do in full time. It will just help you in bouncing back from your financial difficulties. People who usually apply for a Part Time Jobs are high school and college students it is because they are finding or preparing for the field that they will take in the future days to come. One more reason is to help their parents in financing their education in which a part time job can help both parents and the student. Honestly, I want to have a part time job in my chosen field. I want to be prepared in designing and conceptualizing architectural designs.


Nowadays, pat time job are very important for the expanding of today's youth. They can help build of responsibility, influence proper choices; they can build relationship and they can help develop of self confidence. Part time job there are many different reasons why taking a part time job. Really, they are both of advantage and disadvantage. In the first place development is to form of foundation for self discipline. The student should have dependent to think how to budget in everyday life. And also this is the advantage to less of expensive also their parents. The second is communication skills are important to us especially how to handle to each people right now. And this is right time to improve how the way you talk to them. The third is social experiencing is the group of people to communicate the others and searching in the future. At last they are making their college life is colorful by having the various part time job and different people industries. The part time job disadvantages for the students between school and work the students they are affected the studies. Like for example if the students are tired how will do the assignment without rest and sometimes cannot go to school.


College is indeed more expensive than high school in terms of expenses. It is not always the case that all students can afford all the expenses, especially for Filipino families. Their parents may support them somehow but not all parents can. Some might not even have parents to support them. And some students are faced to be the only hope of the family to leave the poverty. Not all of us are lucky enough to be born from a rich family. Since college students are still on the process of getting their degrees and professional titles, they could only be qualified to apply on part time jobs. Therefore, students, who really wants to pursue their education with insufficient money, take part time job a major source of income. College inccures a lot of expensess, from tuition fee and books to projects and requirements, which requires giving off money. Some students are even self supported. And in their case, they have to get all the possible opportunities to earn money in order to support themselves. Some students apply as Student Assistant(SA), like here in Adamson University, where the school pays half of the tuition fee in return of working part time for them. Other part time jobs may be in fast food chains, mall, modelling, or if you're talented enough to apply as a singer on coffee shops or somewhere related. Part time jobs are usually taken seriously by those from public colleges or private universities who happens to be unfortunate financially.


In Wikipedia, A part time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. Workers spend 30   35 hours weekly just to earn money thinking that they cannot afford to work full time in spite of their hectic schedules. Commonly, if we are talking to persons who are doing this the students are mainly involved. It is simply because we cannot manage to pay lot of bills and fees even though we have supports from our parents. College students especially those who are financially down are the one's needing this to support themselves for college schooling. They can be online advertisers, promodisers, salesladies or salesmen, or restaurant crews. I believe that the most in demand today in part time jobs is being a restaurant crew. It is because managers and owners want active, speed, and refreshing workers just what we teenagers have. I experienced doing this during summer. My father employed me and my first work is to remove the paint on the walls. It took me 6 hours just to remove those paints of a 20 square meter wall. But it is definitely an experience and a hustle work just to earn 1000 pesos a week.


As a college student, I became more aware of how I spend my money for my weekly expenses. My parents provide me with my weekly allowance, and it is up to me on how I will allot it for my personal needs and wants. But is it important for college students, such as I, to take part time jobs? As I have said earlier, I became more aware of how I spend my money because of the expenses which I have to put in mind. Proper allotment of money is needed, in order for me to prioritize my needs as a college student. I do not believe that it is important for a college student to take part time jobs. First of all, we already spend most of our time in school. We are already occupied with all the paper works and lessons which we have to accomplish. Taking part time jobs will only lessen our time in focusing with our schoolwork. Yes we may earn money, but it would have a huge impact on our performance in school. Second, it would really affect our health. Think about it, you spend most of your time in school and doing your assignments, lessons and paper works at home. With hardly any time to rest, how can you manage to work? Most jobs that one may apply for, would not consider making adjustments for the sake of the applicant. Though for some college students who have financial problems, working in a part time job is really important for it helps them to pay their expenses in their respective schools and to meet their basic needs.


Nowadays, a number of college students get involved in part time jobs. For some, it is a financial necessity. For others, it is an opportunity to gain some experience in their career or field of interest. If my opinion was asked, I would recommend having part time jobs in college. Here are my reasons. Let me first give you the pros. Without question, the need for money tops the list. Admit it. It's not that easy to cope up with the high fees of college education these days. This is why some students who really want to study have no choice but to resort to entering part time jobs in order to help their families financially. Next in line would be the good credentials students get when studying and working at the same time. Comments like good time management may be written down on their university records. These might be helpful when they actually work after college. Last would be the experience they could get from working in their preferred field. Now, time for the cons. We all know that students might lose their concentration in their academics due to having a part time job. This is even worse if they have certain scholarships to maintain. But for me, this is the chance for them to go the extra mile. This could be the perfect time for them to practice effective time management skills to which they would be thankful for as they develop into mature individuals.


Learning the ropes, on a part time basis Experience is the best teacher. It makes us grow as a person, and prepares us for the future. For college students, a part time job is a taste of the real world and at the same time, something that can help them support themselves, even when they are still students. Part time jobs give students a feel of their chosen field. Through this, they would have a smooth transition to their professional career compared to if they are thrust immediately into the lion's den. A part time job helps a college student appreciate the tutelage he underwent in college and to add to that, now he can see how he could apply what he learned through his stay in college. Through part time jobs, college students learn to balance their work with their studies. They gain skills like discipline and time management, values a classroom won't teach. As a college student, one should be ready for what happens after college too because college is in itself a preparation for the future. Adding extra activities would give the student better training in preparation for the obstacles that the professional world has to offer. When a part time job comes with a salary, the student can use this to support their college education. I've heard of a number of college students who have part time jobs so that they can pay for their college education. Some schools even offer scholarships wherein students will serve time in the school, a sign that even the schools have joined in providing jobs for the students. Part time jobs should be seen as a plus by college students and others alike. Not only do they help prepare students, but they also make the transition from school to work for students easier.


This generation part time jobs among college students are increasing. As what I have observed in fast foods such as Mcdonalds, I noticed that many are young, young as college students. There are also known as working students. As I can see, it is hard for them, they are studying and at the same time there working. College students who are working in part time jobs are increasing. It just shows that at a young age many are now working even though it is just a part time job. In my opinion that does not seem right, but still there is a part of it that I like, at a young age students can already experience how to work, but the negative thing is, they somewhat cannot enjoy their youth. In reality it's alright to wok if they are already in the right age. I have encountered people who are working students. When they shared their experiences, I was stunned and amaze, that is why I admire them. Working while studying? That is hard. I believe that part time jobs are also good. It can help people to be stronger. How? Just by getting along with other people, studying while they are working, I can say that you can be stronger just by that, especially the college students.


For me, there are many aspects to college student part time jobs that one must understand when seeking employment and going to school at the same time. While the financial advantages of a job are beneficial, many times students simply cannot keep up with the demands of balancing school and work. Aside from making you more employable after college, having a part time job will help you financially. A part time job can help you pay for living expenses, including housing, food, books, gas, and clothes. Then if you are in the private school you should pay your tuition fee because have a part time job. However, if you don't need a job, is it worth the potential slip in your grades and school work by getting one? College student jobs definitely have their benefits and pitfalls. You just have to carefully examine your situation and determine for yourself. The students who work more than 15 to 20 hours per week often experience decreased school success, which can lead to dropping out entirely. Working long hours can also limit opportunities to build friendships and explore interests that enhance intellectual and emotional development. In the end, college student jobs should be something that will work for you as a student. Consider your personal needs carefully and determine if you should get a job as a college student.


I believe that it is important for college students to have a part time job for many reasons. Firstly, college is not very easy to pay for, it takes up a large amount of money that our parents have to give up which is why they start saving up for our college fund very early. By getting a part time job, we can help them by lessening their expenses or even helping them out with household bills. Secondly, I think that a part time job would be a great opportunity for college students to make money for themselves, to start saving up for future needs and for paying for extra bills, most college students come from provinces and they have to travel to the city just to get quality education, with the help of a part time job we can make our own money to pay for housing and at least everyday food and needs. Lastly, I think that by getting a part time job it will help each student in developing traits such as discipline and time management which we need in the future when we start to have real full time jobs. Discipline and time management will also help a student in academic situations such as school work and following schedules.


Having a part time job is very important to college students. A part time job is a big help to college students because it helps to prepare their selves to their career in the near future. They also teach students who doing it to know the basic techniques on the career that they will choose up to the difficulties they might engage to their future jobs someday. College students who are engage to part time job improve their selves in different skills that they may apply on their future jobs. But there are different disadvantages and advantages for those college students who use to have part time jobs. A first disadvantage is that, college student could become too busy with work and neglect other responsibilities. There are person that can't do multi tasking. Also the student may be tired from work and may not do their best in school. And also, the student may be at work a lot and not have as much time to spend with family and friends. Aside from having those disadvantages of some college students who are in the part time jobs, there are also advantages. First one is that the students have a freedom to make their own money which means they can choose how and when to spend it. Also, it gives the student responsibility to juggle their time and plan ahead with regards to school, work, and other things that they are engage in. 242


Though having a part time job would seem to be a practical choice financially speaking for college students, there are still many factors to consider. Times nowadays are rough; there are more expenses to cover even with very little salary that averahe people earn. As college students, we basically rely upon our parents ' earning to provide for our needs, however we can't deny the fact that most often than not, the money just isn't enough. so on the question whether I approve of working students or not? To tell the truth, I happen to not advice the youth like myself to be working students. Not only are the work load of school heavy enough on their own, adding even more physical duties wouldn't help at all. By trying to multi task, we might not produce as good of an output if we choose to only do one at a time. It would be more inspiring to study knowing that it is your only focus as of the moment. Another factor to consider is, working and studying at the same time may also put your social life at risk, with these two big tasks accumulating your everyday life, there just wouldn't be enough time for you to mingle with your family and friends. If there's a really big need to provide for your education, there are still some alternative options of earning money such as doing some part time jobs over the weekend or even during summer and long vacations. In the end, it's a matter ofchoice, whether or not you could actually take the challenge of balancing both task with determination and dedication.


For me it is important to college students to have a part time job. They could apply and practice all the things they have learned from school. They will also learn many things that are really necessary to know about business world. There are also things that are not thought in school that students will discover while working. If the job is in the student's field it is more beneficial. Having experiences with what you have studied in school will have great addition to your resume. How to interact properly to people you meet every day is also an advantage in having a part time job. Students can meet professional people that you could use as connections to help you get a job after they graduated. They will also have experiences that would help them improve their skills specially the technical and speaking skills. Students having part time job while studying can demonstrate that he or she can balance difficult priorities. This will show how responsible, organize and efficient he or she is and how they can manage their time. Financially, it could also support them and will teach them how to handle and spend money properly. They could also help financially to their family.


College students should become creative and responsible with themselves. They must know what is good or bad and must learn not to depend on their parents always. As a college student, I know that part time job is an important way of helping parents. Even though I am not a working student I can really say that it is very big helping to every student especially those who have financial problems. They are learning how to be independent and more responsible to their selves. I admire those students because they are very responsible of managing their time for their school and for their work. But aside of a big help to the student and to the family, there are also an effect to the student. He/she might encounter some problems to his/her study. Yes it is good that you can to your parents but if you know they can support your financial needs maybe it is advisable if you just focus on your study and not to work for yourself. At the first place it is the responsibility of your parents to send you on the school. But if there are financial problems to your family, then it is the right time for you to become a working student. I know it is hard to become a working a student and it is not bad because sometimes it is a measurement on how a student become more responsible to their selves. I salute every working student because they are a good example and a good role model to the youth.


College is the most important part of one's education. It is the part where it could be decided whether one person will succeed or fail in his future. During this period of his life, money is a very important asset to have. It is the most significant thing to continue studying for college and to have an access top everyday need such as food, clothing and other utilities. Many students especially here at De La Salle don't have any problem when it comes to financial needs. But when we look at the perspective of the country itself, many students doesn't even have the chance to study for college because of scarcity of money and they don't have a source for it. Part time job isn't that really necessary but it is alright to have one but since college is very important for one's life, many students should force themselves to engage in part time job. They would need it in order to study for college and have a brighter future. Part time job could also help them harness their inner skills and talent. Part time jobs could affect their lives socially, emotional and financially. In summation, Part time job is very important if a person is lacking money to go to college but if they don't have a problem financially, then part time job isn't really that necessary.


People say that college life is one of the most important events of one's life. It is the point wherein the students will be trained to act like adults. In my opinion, college students should not have part time jobs simply because they should be focused on their studies. Having a part time job will decrease the time one can spend on studying because it will be really hard for the students to manage their time and will also make you feel tired due to the extra effort the student has to exert. If, for example, the students will go to school from 8:00am to 4:00pm then will work part time for 3 hours a day, that will leave them with only a couple of hours left to study and do the assignments. But you also have to take in to consideration that they will still have to eat and travel going home which will decrease more of their time to study. On the other hand, if the students will proceed home after school, they will still have an ample amount of time to study and do their assignments. If the people really want the students to have a part time job then I would suggest that the students should do it during the summer where they do not have to worry about school.


Life is quiet difficult for some people, financial problem is always a hindrance to their needs and happiness in life. Part time job is the answer to their problems, having a part time job while studying is a big help to their financial needs especially in their school fees. Even though it is only a part time job it is has a big part in the life of the person. I used to have a part time job for 8 months; it is difficult to study while working. You have to manage your time well for you to be more productive both in school and work. It is not that easy for a working student to focus on their studies, you have to sacrifice many things like joining or attending activities in your college because instead of going to the activity you will just used your time to work. Another thing is having fun with your friends and classmates, as a student it is normal to have parties and other gatherings with your friends but it's not the thing with the working students, they have to missed things like that. It's hard to have a social life when you're working, schedules are very tight or if you have time you will just decide to have a rest or do things that needs to be done. Part time job is a good experience if you can manage things around you but if not it will be the other thing around. You can learn good things from it and it will be a lifelong lessons that you can use in the future.


College is considered to be a springboard for every individual into life. The reason for this is that college prepares you to which ever career you will pursue when you turn into adult. It requires a lot of focus and concentration for you to be able to exhaust all possible chances of learning and yearning. In my opinion, having a part time job in the course of one's college life isn't really necessary, not unless it is tremendously needed. It would just, no matter what circumstances, give students a hard time. There is already pressure applied on trying to maintain good grades and not failing, more so when you have another matter to worry about when you walk out of the university gate. Maybe some people will find it easy to juggle around tasks but for most, it isn't. And that majority is better off setting their eyes to a straight path towards graduating with a degree. I 'm not saying it is impossible to graduate from college when having a part time job; the only thing is it would be harder, and there would be less of a peace of mind. Wouldn't anyone like an easier way to deal with something that is complicated such as college?


Tuition fee in college is seriously high. Not every college student can afford to go to expensive school or even go to universities. Some of them maybe struggle to make money for them to go to college/universities because of the financial state of their family. Even though there are some state universities that offer lesser tuition fee but still they need to have allowance for their expenses. Maybe this is the reason why some college students look for a part time job. It is important for some college students to have a part time job that will help them to have income so they can afford going to school every day. This said job is also a training for us. Having a job like this is really not easy especially to those college students; they might be having difficulty in balancing their time because they have to spare time for their jobs and also for their studies. They're doing this thing just to pursue what they really want even if it takes them to work at their young age. There will be times that you can't do your school works because you're very exhausted in your work and vice versa. But the good thing about students having part time jobs, are they're becoming more responsible than those who aren't. Having a job can enhance our different personality. Our interpersonal skill will be developed and this skill is an important factor when having a job. College students working in a part time job are experiencing things that ordinary students haven't experienced yet and I salute them for that. Let us not look down to those students who works so that they can afford going to universities because think of it, they help our economy as well as they help themselves to survive their everyday lives.


With the rising cost of tuition, supplies and living expenses, making money while in college can be a priority for many students. Beyond paying for schooling itself, it is important for people to have spending money for activities and entertainment so that one can stay sane when the pressures of education become heavy. College student part time jobs offer one both a way to stay ahead of the bills that add up during the school year as well as help maintain a healthy social life. There are a number of different options for college student part time jobs, many of which offer great options for earning extra cash while still providing flexible schedules. According to Next Path, an educational news resource, these range in hourly pay from just above minimum wage to three times as much. Plus, some offer extra downtime with which students can catch up on school work. Examples of the top part time jobs for college students include computer lab assistants, technology support specialists, administrative assistants, aerobic instructors, print center attendants, library assistants, bank tellers, hotel desk clerks and babysitters One of the best options for a part time job while someone is in college is a student worker program. Most colleges and universities offer opportunities for students to make money while working for a specific department or program on campus. Besides the financial benefit this provides to the student, it also has the extra bonus of allowing certain individuals the chance to learn additional facets of their chosen career path. Funding for student worker programs comes either from the federal government or the school itself, meaning students who get these opportunities generally have guaranteed employment through school


In the Philippines, almost one third of the population is composed of marginalized citizens. This group of people live in the slums and they don't have sufficient income to pay off their living expenses such as food and even the education of their youth. As a result, marginalized children only had the opportunity to complete their primary education in public schools. These children don't have the chance to pursue their dreams further because there are only a few public universities or colleges in the country. That's why it is significant for these students to have a part time job. Part time jobs offer a number of benefits to college students. On one hand, college is considered to have the priciest cost in terms of tuition fees in the country. Thus, in order to help lessen the expenses of the supporter of the student, this undergraduate should engage in part time jobs. Even though part time workers don't earn a lot of money, at least there's a reasonable amount that can subsidize the student's expenses such as school projects. On the other hand, part time jobs give college students experience. Since college is supposedly the preparatory period before engaging in a profession, the experience that the students get from part time jobs help them visualize the different workloads they might encounter after they graduate. Therefore, these students gain more knowledge hands on. Some students might regard part time jobs as a waste of time and a hindrance from concentrating in their studies, but in reality, part time jobs are just what college students need in order to be prepared on the kind of labour that awaits them after they graduate.


What makes an independent college student? Does one need to have his own condominium unit? Or possibly, one needs to be able to support his or her needs? For me, it is highly important for college students to have a part time job. Part time job gives college students, like me, a sneak peak to the world that we will possibly live in the future. One of the reasons as to why we need to know what we will face is so that we will be ready. Aside from that, it will also help us earn money in our own. Having a college student take a part time job may be worrisome for the parents, but surely, it will help them greatly in the long run. There are several advantages in having a part time job. First edge that it will give is that one will be able to earn money. Aside from earning money, one will learn the hardships that one has to face in order to achieve it. This idea will help one to be stronger as a person and to be more determined in making one's dream a success. The money you will earn will also help one in their studies. In time when a student needs to buy books and other references, you will not need to bother your parents for money since one will have the means to buy it himself. Truly, part time job will not only help one physically but also mentally. Looking at all the advantages part time job gives really makes one wonder, Why do I not have a part time job? As my teacher taught me before, One learns the best through experience.


A job is what everyone needs right after attending college. Or mainly, job is needed in order to have money in order to live. However, are jobs created mainly just for the people outside the school? No, job is for everyone. Nowadays, even students have jobs. Those students work in order to have allowances or sometimes, in order for them to have money for their tuition fees. That is where part time jobs come about. Having a part time job may also imply that the student's family doesn't have the enough money to sustain all their needs. Hence, being involved in a part time job is a great help to continue living the life a certain student wants. The previous statements state the positive side of having a part time job. However, like other things in the world, having a part time job also has a negative side. It is undeniable that when you have a job, you need to reserve a time for it. One may say that there is this so called shift in every job so there is little time needed to be off to school. However, it is also undeniable that no matter how little the time taken away from students for a job, it still affects their lifestyle. Take for example a student working on a fast food chain. She has to manage her time between her studies and her work. Because of her busy schedule, she might not be able to reserve a time for 'fun ', such as hanging out with friends and attending family events. Having a part time job may be considered important especially when that job is related to the course a student is taking. Also, the money earned in a job is a great help to sustain living. However, if he or she was not able to manage his or her time wisely, the essence of having a part time job is lost and will be insignificant.


I disagree to the statement. Because for me students should be only be focus on their studies for them to gain knowledge in class discussion. I don't say that a job while studying is not good, but for me, if you can pursue your study even if you are not working then just go to school and study. I also think that being working student is one factor for them to have a hard time completing their stuffs in school like assignments, projects and the knowledge that has to be ready every day before going to school. Finding a job is not that hard if you finish your study should always be first for all the students out there. Well, let's say you have a job while studying, but what is the point of having a job if you are having a hard time in school that causes you to gain low grades? It is useless. My main point in this topic about the importance of part time job to college students is that students should always bear in their mind that education is very important especially it is one of the most faced problem nowadays of the youth. Always remember that education is the key to success. 207


Part time jobs are not mandatory for others. It is a choice. A choice made by people who needed extra money. As we all know, people of today are in need of sufficient money so that they would survive in daily living, esp. the hapless. These people tend to do extra work because they don't have a choice. They tend to double their work to survive. These people have different reasons to get intouch of having another jobs. Mostly, people apply part time jobs for their family. Some are people who sustain their own needs and leisures. Some are students who doesn't have enough money to support their education, esp. college students. Even though they have their main purposes, they will still find time to do part times because it is mandatory for them. Part time jobs have low salaries, but as I said, these people doesn't have a choice but to do extra work so they will still apply for it. Engaging this kind of job also has advatages. You're not just earning extra money, you will also gain experience in terms of working. You will also be responsible in terms of things you need to finish and you will also lear how to manage and balance your time in all of your works. Thus, having a part time job really helps.


I disagree with the topic of this essay. I think that college students should not have a part time job. We entered college to study and learn. College life is one of the most important times for students to study and learn. Because the lessons we learn in the college will be used for our future benefits and for our future job. And if we do a part time job, we will not be able to focus on our studies. We should focus on our studies to graduate the course that we applied in. There are several reasons why we cannot concentrate on studies if we have a part time job. We should focus on our studies instead of having a part time job. Because if we work in our part time job, there will no time left for us to review and do other activities needed for our course. We also will not be able to concentrate on studies because our part time job will make us tired and sleepy. If we are not able to concentrate on our studies of course we will get a low grade and fail the course. It is serious problem for college students because they might have to shift to another course which they do not want. Those are the reasons why we should not have a part time job, instead study hard and graduate with honors.


Life nowadays is like hunger games – no pain, no gain. Everyone needs to work in order to survive. though some of the teenagers are still depending on their parents, time will come that they need to work, they really need. No matter how rich or poor they are, having a job is essential for averybody especially now that money makes the world go round. Almost every college student's goals are to graduate and to have the job that he deserves. But this does not apply to all. Some college students are doing dove tailing—students in morning and workers in evening or vice versa. They are doing this to have an extra allowance, to help their family financially and to gain an early experience for their future career. As we consider their everyday life, it is difficult and very stressful but as we look at their reasons for doing this, we may consider them as heroes. I believe that these students/workers are risk takers. Many things may be sacrificed because of this kind of living. One of those is their social life. Instead of having fun every Friday night, they are in a busy place—working. Also, their family bonding may be lessen. Instead of playing with their siblings or helping their parents in household chores, they are in a busy place—working. At the end of the day, if we think positively, having a part time job will be an advantage for college students when they are going to apply for their future career.


Students with Part Time Jobs: A Role Model for Today's Youth A person must have their rest for atleast 7 to 8 hours in a day. A factual statement based from scientific researches, which is refused to comply by students with part time jobs. A zombie student, that's what some people call the students with part time jobs. It's because they sometimes look so tired when they attend their classes. I strongly disagree with those who discriminate them. In fact, I looked at them as a role model for us students because they strive really hard for them to be able to get the education they need. I had talked earlier to someone who is a part time student and he explained to me why sometimes he looks not very well when he attends his classes. Even though sometimes they fell asleep in class discussions, I understand them because it is really hard to deal with their schedule. They attend to school in the morning till dusk and work in the night till dawn. It is like living 24 hours in a day. They are not doing that for a little purpose but they do their utmost ability for them to be able to afford studying in universities or colleges. They always put in their minds that the effort that they insert in their works will lead them into success. I feel lucky because I don't have to work for my education. On the other hand, I feel sorry for those students who waste their money spending in school even though the only thing they want is to have some good time with their peers. Sometimes, I wish that those students, who always have good time, switch lives with those students who work hard for their education. With that I think they will soon know what real life means.


Preparing for the future is a vital OPTION for college students; therefore, there is a freedom of choice. This world consists of different opportunities and experiences that could make or break a person. And in the working industry there are numerous ways that a person could make it to the top or not. College, on the other hand, is the preparation stage wherein it helps you land in a good job. So why hesitate in getting a part time job if college in itself prepares you for the outside world? Yes, it is a good option that some have a part time job in order to be prepared —but it just does not always have the same results. It really relies on the person's capability, personality, character and focus. If you're the type of person who takes time and needs more focus as compared, then getting a part time job may not be the best option; and it just might tire you while balancing your studies. But if you truly have the backbone and skill in action, and you really know that it will benefit you and others, then take the experience and make it worthwhile—after all, it is a part time job.


Experience is the best teacher A quote I always hear from the elders. Students usually think of having their own income. Isn't it so evident that we go to college so we will have our own source of income in the future? In our school, we often thought of it too. I agree on students having a part time job. Having a job is a hard task. You should be responsible enough in order to do it. Mind setting is also important. If you only think of just the money you will get then it is not worth it. College student who have part time jobs should be the successful professionals someday, I suppose. It's because they already know how it like is to work for your own. Like the quote said, experience teaches you. Even on how you control your money. As early as college time, you should already have a part time job, a job not only for the sake of money but for the learning also. So it will not be so hard for you to adjust after you graduated. It's like your training grounds for the future. So this I must say, I agree on us, students, having part time job. Even organizational job is included. You should be busy always, go out on your comfort zone and learn from it. Experience will teach you anyway.


For the past two years, I have been working part time with an international non government organization named One Million Lights. Although it's technically a part time job, I perform and operate under the capacity of the Country Head of the Philippines for the organization. My involvement with the organization has been very fulfilling, and has also been very beneficial. First, this part time job of mine keeps me sane. My schedule is always very hectic. Aside from the demands debate and football varsity impose on me, I also have to deal with high expectations in and out of my family. My part time job takes me to another world. It helps me forget about all my problems and channels energy into something new and productive. I guess by taking me out of my usual environment, my part time job at One Million Lights has helped me relax and view new perspectives, especially as I go through college. Second, my part time job allows me to learn new things and hone my current skills. It exposes me to new environments and situations every week. Every encounter is a new experience that I have to learn how to deal with on my own. I guess in this light, my part time job has taught me how to adapt to new things and has helped me become a better person.


In modern society, it is very common to see teenagers working everywhere in the city. Whatever part time jobs they are doing, they are preparing for their future. School may be the best place for proper education but not for preparation for the outside working world. Indeed, teenagers learn a lot of things through the jobs they do when still being students. To start with, teenagers learn how to arrange their time. For example, an employee needs to work at 7. 00 in the early morning. This means, he has to present at the company by 7. 00 no matter how late he stayed up last night. Moreover, as a student, he has to take use of his time and spend it properly on both studying and working. He avoids bad habits such as going out late at night and get up late in the morning another point is that teenagers will appreciate the value of money. They work hard and realize how difficult to make money. They also understand that Money does not grow on trees. Before buying an expensive clothes or shoes, they remember their parents ' hard work and think more carefully whether they should buy those or not. But the most benefit to teenagers working is that they get some useful experiences which they cannot learn at school. For example, after leaving university, Bill Gates worked outsides and gained valuable experience on what does and doesn't work. From the time starting his career in a garage, he now becomes the most successful man with the modern development of computer technology. Although teenagers have responsibility to concentrate on their academic studies, part time jobs are also important for their future work. For me part time jobs are not necessarily essential yet having one is better.


Part time Job is quite fun to be engaged in. Most of the students, love to do work after or before they class because they have to earn money for their studies. Through part time job they get their money that would fill in their needs, wants and experiences. It is important for someone to have a working experiences because it's a sign of independency and it can actually lead us to become a mature and skilful person. But before applying for a Part time Job we have to consider some stuff. First, do we really have to get a part time job? Second, How much money I can make for this job? Is it really worth it? Third, do I really have enough time to accomplish this job? and Fourth, Am I ready for this? Those are the things you have to consider before getting a part time job. If you can't get a part time job because you think you're not that ready but you still have to support your studies, you can actually have a side lines. Side lines like Tutoring other students in Math, English or Science (whatever is your specialty), Baby sitting you neighbour's kids, Doing School Projects, Typing Jobs etc.


I do not think it is important for a college student to have a part time job. The immediate responsibility of a college student is to his/her studies. I believe that having a part time job has its perks and advantages such as learning about responsibility and commitment and earning extra money to put into their savings, but having a part time job also has certain disadvantages that outweigh its advantages. One disadvantage is that it takes up the time of the student. Having a part time job commits the student to his/her employer. The implication of this is that the student has no choice but to attend to his/her employer. This will give the student less time to focus on his/her studies. Other than that, it tires the student physically and mentally. Usually, college students are given night shifts for their part time jobs, since they have classes during the day. In a country like the Philippines, where it is difficult to get from one place to another and where the traffic situation is horrendous, you can only imagine the effort it will take to get to school, get to your workplace, then get back home very late. This adds stress to the student and may make him/her inefficient in studies and in work.


For me part time job is a job that half of your time is spending or using to work in a company. Some of the people having this because they need to earn more money for personal purposes. I know the people who are most have this is the people who are ages from 24 above. In the statement, having a part time job is important for a college students, for me it depends in the situation. It is important to a college students to have the part time job because they have a lack of needs. One example of these is their education. They are working so that they can enter in school and finish his or her studies. For example, I have a friend who is a first year college student. She is studying in Lyceum of the Philippines University in General Trias, Cavite. And took up a course of Industrial Engineering. She is working in the company of their family friend. She was assign in the computer, she will be the one who type and print some documents. Her schedule in school is in the evening and she is working in the morning until lunch time. Her work starts at 7am until 12nn while her classes starts at 4pm to 9pm. I ask her why it is important to have a part time job. She said that it is important because this is the only way for her to continue her studies and to provide her personal needs.


A part time job is an employment where you work a few more hours than a full time job. Many college students take part in part time jobs mostly because they want to help their family, earn for themselves or learn to be more responsible. Some college students also apply for part time jobs to train themselves and know what it is like when they already have their own jobs in the future. Other colleges and universities offer students to take part time jobs on their graduating years for them to gain more knowledge in taking care of your own job. But there is a down side when students take on jobs while they are still studying. Working and studying for students at the same time can be really hectic and stressful. Too much work can lead to depression and lack of sleep. Working too much can eat a lot of time in your social life, studying time, sleeping time and also time for yourself. If I were to be given a chance to be offered a part time job, I would choose a time where I am ready and I know how to manage my time. I do not recommend those college students who are already struggling with their studies to take part on a part time job. (213)


Working while studying A number of students are engaging in to part time jobs. Mostly the reasons are for financial assistance but there are other reasons why students work while studying. There should not be a problem when it comes to working of students. Students are working to be able to support their studies for their parents are unable to give them all the necessary requirements they need in school. Some students who work just want the feeling of independence that they can have their own money. Reasons of students why they work may vary, but students are still students. They are supposed to be studying only and not working. It should be the parents ' obligations to provide all the needed things by students as they study. On the other hand students have the obligation to give their parents grades that are acquired from hard work and honesty but situations like these happen inevitably. Working while studying affect the students focus because they will need to do two different things. Instead of focusing only to studying and giving all their attention to it, students will divide their time to studying and working. Part time jobs do not require the students ' entire day or week however part time jobs can also be tiring and stressful. Though majority of these jobs provide only low salaries, students still grab opportunities where they work part time and be able to help themselves support their studies. As long as students can manage to divide their time properly between work and studies, there should not be a problem. If the government cannot provide all the students scholarships, at least create a law that can protect and help working students. Different universities should also give working students the freedom to choose schedules that will not conflict on their work.


Part time jobs are needed by many people especially since we are facing poverty here in the Philippines. There are so many part time jobs that are offered here like being a tutor, a cashier, a waiter, a dancer, a singer, a dj. It opens up opportunities for people who don't have jobs. It is also a source of extra income for those who are not satisfied with the money they are earning. For example, a business man that has a talent for dancing can enter a part time job as a choreographer. A part time job is also really helpful to students who are helping their parents sustain their family. It also helps students in preparing for their future jobs improving their skills in the field of communication and. Even though part time jobs aren't as big as full  time jobs are, they are still noble jobs. Without these kinds of jobs, our economy wouldn't progress. For example, cashiers are very important in managing the sales of a mall. If people like them don't exist no one can manage the sales because not all of us has the skill. Let us give importance to every job there is for it is our hope in improving our country.


I strongly believe that it is important for college students to have part time jobs especially those related with their degree / major in order to broaden their knowledge in the field they're in. It is not only work experience that the student can benefit or get, students would also learn on how to earn money they worked har d for to sustain their needs, help their parents financially, especially those in the middle and lower class families who are financially unstable. Likewise, there are students who are financially stable but they don't want to bother their parents for some reason so they work and at the same time, study. There are students who want to buy the things they want to but they don't want to bother their parents so they work to earn the money they need. There are many reasons why college students get part time jobs while studying and some of them are stated above. We don't know why students work while studying, but mostly, they work to help their parents financially AND if they wish to apply for jobs in the near future, they would have an advantage that they have work experience related to their degree.


I agree that it is necessary for students to have a part time job. Based on what I have observed nowadays here in our country students are the most common to search a part time jobs especially when summer vacation comes. Instead of staying at home many students decides to have it to help their parents in gaining money for the purpose of their tuitions. Having a part time job is a big help to an ordinary student especially to those who are unfortunate but still doing and finding a way to finish their degrees or ambitions in life, students can pay for their education and thus will value their education even more. There are many benefits also that a student could earn having a part time job because it can foster a sense of competition, which is important for students in the future. It enhances a young person's social development. Part time jobs can help students apply their knowledge in practice and, in return, their experience will make them know better what they have learned in classes and books. A job can help students better develop their identities, obtain increased autonomy, achieve new accomplishments, develop work experience, and become more independent from their parents. Aside from that with the money earned, students can buy many books they like, they can even buy clothes or other material needs without bothering a help with their parents and in that way it is lessens for the expenses of the family. For college students having a part time job provides students work experience and it can help to look good their resumes. Having a job while studying is great, aside from you are earning you are capable of gaining some benefits from it that could be very useful when you finish your pursued degrees.


For me it's not important for a college student to have a part time job. Nowadays, there are more and more students choose to have a part time job in the spare time. Surely, a part time job can provide cash and working experience to them. They are called student for them to study not to work. So we should grab all the opportunities that we are given the chance to study and learn many things. That our parents work so hard just to provide us the best education. But not all of us have a good condition of living; some is suffering from financial problems. A person who really wants to study will find ways to support their studies, just like by having a part time job. Having a part time job has also a good effect for a student, because it prepares them to the real world after studying. Besides, a part time job would occupy college students a lot of precious time, which should be used to learn systematic knowledge and living skills in class without worries of work stress and frustration. Also the college students provide a community to fit in the real world, so that students can develop these necessary qualities and skills. I think it's definitely not a wise option to take a part time job in exchange of losing some parts of such important opportunities of education.


Part time jobs are jobs that require fewer hours per week by a person as compared to a full time job. There are many reasons to take up a part time job, but the primary reason is due to lack of money. Some people, such as students or senior citizens, aim for part time jobs for their primary source of earning; others use this means as a secondary source of income, often when their first job pay is not enough for their sustenance or contemptment. Some of the typical part time jobs include working in a restaurant, a retail store, a call center, a public library, a university, or a factory. The largest group of part time job workers are students, most aged between seventeen and twenty three. This may be to pay for educational expenses or simply to earn more pocket money. Again, part time jobs may vary reasons and causes. Other individuals take up part time jobs because doing that particular kind of work is where their true passion may lay, but think that this particular activity cannot support their means of living. It also does not include many benefits as compared to a full time job. There are usually no health insurances, stock options, or even financial incentives.


Not all people in this world are fortunate. No matter how hard these people work, at the end of the day, they still seem to be unsatified and ungrateful with daily, weekly, or monthly salary that they receive. These days, life is tough. People practically need cash to survive because they need money to pay the rent. They got monthly dues like electricity bills and water bills to recompense for. And plus, as citizens they are required to pay taxes.... Money, its their... but when you know it... its gone. The simplest solution to this huge situation would be getting a part time job. Part time jobs are vital to the modern society and to the economy. With this, individuals can acquire more benefits. People; lives will be less harder and less complicated. Monthly payables would turn out to be less of a burden. And finally, people can buy things without getting any regrets right after seeing that piece of cash just flying away from they're wallet to the cashier's palms. Getting hired for a part time job is already a big stroke of luck because first of all, part time jobs are less stressful, second of all, people can make good money out of it, And lastly, its fun. Its fun because most of the people who apply for part time jobs are actually very passionate about it rather than they're full time jobs. I mean, come on! who would want to make their lives harder by looking for part time jobs that they don't even find interesting and amusing? I know you don't. Its good to get a part time job because its a productive way to pass time and it has a vide variety of advantages.


Part time jobs can be very tiring but have you ever thought that some persons really need to have one so that they can live and eat while schooling? Have you ever thought that some people really need jobs to pay their bills and debts from the hospital and neighbors? The sad reality is that they're all true. Some students are being punished and suffer because they don't get enough pay for the family and the father comes home drunk and beats up the wife and children. The typical setting in the squatters area with children with good grades striving to be the best. Part time jobs are okay if you're good in time management, balancing work and studies and take time for everything. Like the famous saying, a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step from the quote by Chinese philosopher Laozi. Having a part time job is big responsibility because you have more work and if you really like studying, then it is probably okay for you to work part time in the midst of crisis if you really want to get a degree or feed your family and in so many other cases. Part time jobs can be the start of your college to get a degree and achieve your dreams. Who knows, you might be the next president one day. Part time jobs while studying are a big responsibility, but then, if you really want something badly, then you will work for it and you will do everything to chase your dream.


A pathway towards the corporate world In most scenarios, a four corner classroom confines learning into theories. Subsequently, students have seemed to spend years to be living books of formulas, laws and rules, and speech marks. Several have over and done the outside world – the corporate world – where one is tasked to apply what is learned and not merely to fill in the blanks of test papers. Such scenarios reveal an advantage of students who have part time jobs especially during their college years. Yes, working student may entail risks in juggling studies and work but when one has get used to it, they will experience the best benefits part time employment has to offer. First is the finance from salary that can aid education expense, for in most cases, it is the financial constraint that leads one to seek job. Also, not only that those students are exposed to the nature of their chosen field, but also they get the chance to put their learning into practice. This is an edge in the resume and in actual work, for the experience and preparation acquired. Third, due to tougher responsibilities, these student workers gain a sense of responsibility, confidence and time management which are beneficial in workplace. Ironically, these skills are also the facilitators in maintaining high grades. Winding up, part time jobs may provide several risks and disadvantages but when maximized, it will surely worth the


ALL OF US ARE CREATED BY GOD WITH DIFFERENT MISSIONS IN LIVES. WE NEVER KNOW IF IT IS DESTINED TO YOU OR NOT BUT THE THING IS WE GET LEARNINGS FROM OUR EXPERIENCES EVENTHOUGH IT IS GOOD OR BAD. IT IS IMPORTANT FOR COLLEGE STUDENTS TO HAVE A PART TIME JOB, I AGREE, WHY? BECAUSE MANY OF US WANT TO HAVE COMPETITIVE AND STANDARD SCHOOLS BUT OUR PARENTS CANNOT AFFORD IT, WE AS HUMAN BEING WE MUST THINK PRACTICALLY IF WE CAN GET BENEFIT FOR THAT REASONS OF HAVING NO MONEY IN STUDYING IN THESE SCHOOL. I THINK THAT HAVING PART  TIME JOB CAN TRAIN NOT ONLY STUDENTS BUT ALSO FOR TEENAGERS WHO CANNOT AFFORD THEIR STUDIES BY THEIR PARENTS HOW TO EARN MONEY AND LET THEM KNOW THAT IT IS NOT AN EASY THING TO MAKE. WE IMPROVE OUR INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS THIS THE IMPORTANT FACTOR THAT WE CAN ACQUIRE IN HAVING PART TIME JOB, BECAUSE WE LEARN HOW TO EXPRESS OUR FEELINGS TO OUR FRIENDS AND BY THIS THEY CAN HELP YOU IN SOLVING YOUR PROBLEMS. THEY SAY THAT IT IS BAD FOR THE COLLEGE STUDENTS TO HAVE PART  TIME JOB BECAUSE WE CANNOT CONCENTRATE ON WHAT WE OUR DOING IN SCHOOL BUT FOR ME IT IS NOT HINDRANCE IN MAKING IN TO YOUR CLASS IT IS ONLY HOW TO USE AND MANAGING YOUR TIME PROPERLY, IT IS GOOD BECAUSE IT CAN HELP YOUR FUTURE BECOMES BETTER AND YOU WILL NOT SHOCK IN THE EXPENSES OF WHAT OUR PARENTS EXPERIENCED TODAY.


I think no, it is not important for college students to do or to have a part time job. This topic, if take as topic in an argument it will end up long. But in my own opinion, my answer is no. College is not an easy or some sort of relaxing part of life. It is a hard stuff. I knew it because as a college student we are obliged to study and work hard. And I don't think part time jobs are necessary or essential. It can also violate the law, the rights. For instance a second year college student is working by that time, most of the second year college students are minors or below 18 which is child labour. Parents are obliged to support one's child in extent of their capability and ability. Working College students will have a hard time even though they are good in time management or keeping. Part time job can affect a student's grade or performance, physical health and emotional health. It may sound irrational but I can prove it. One's a college student is working his or her mindset can be affected by their jobs by thinking how to manage their time and how to gain money. Now how part time jobs can affect their health? In Physical and Emotional aspecst if they work and study they can be stressed which will lead to worse case scenarios. Thus, part time jobs can affect college students.


Part time jobs now a days are very common to students who needs financial help, most of the part time working students are in the college level because college is very expensive and sometimes students cannot reach the academic standards of the college/university scholarship so they either have to stop college or work part time for their tuition fees and academic expenses. but for those who are scholars who are studying but still need academic expenses work part time in some fast foodchains with minimum wage. In some colleges/universities offers financial help for those who are in need its either they get a sponsor or they work on campus such as a library assistant and they're given a minimum wage and it shows that they are often more responsible because they support their our expenses daily and academically. A student working part time has lots of work loads and responsibilities like working for their food for the next day and at the same time make a midterm plate for their majors subjects and study for the written midterm examination of their minor subjects and they earn their own money for their school expenses. And there for if you not that responsible and you have a part time job its better to earn money for future academic expenses and it will help you learn to be more responsible.


For college students like us yes it is important to have a part time job. Not every college students can afford the tuition fees and others needed in their course. It is important because in the first place our goal is to finish our studies and find a job in the future. A part time job can help not only you but it is also for your parents, so you can help them even you're a college student. You can divide your salary to your school fees also to give some for your parents. Having a part time job can be a distraction to your studies because you don't have enough time to rest. You need to study and work for you and your family. But if you have a goal to finish it you can. It is not only for your present but also for your future. Working students should have perseverance so that they can finish their studies and also by helping their parents. It is important because you can buy anything you want but you should limit yourself. As we all know that it can be a distraction to the students because they will become exhausted of doing their job then studying in school. Others will say that having a part time job is not important because they don't have any problem in terms of money. Rich people have their permanent job or somewhat a company. We're not a human being that is not becoming tired but we are a normal person wants to enjoy life to the fullest. Part time jobs can help a better result for our future.


Being a student alone is already hard enough for most of us. But still there are those working students who tediously study and work at the same time. It amazes me how they do it, besides already having a lot of work load to do because of the demands of school assignments, yet they could still manage having a part time job. Having a job while studying is real tough, it requires motivation to strive hard both at work and school, an outstanding mental attitude and physical capability for time  management so that one can do the tasks that needs to be finished, and of course, a lot of hard work and determination, to keep everything cool and controlled even though there are so many things to do. That is why having a job while still being a student should not be taken lightly. It is never easy working, plus the added pressure of getting high grades and doing well in school just adds up to the stress level. Normally, the people working while being students are those who are less fortunate that they first need to make an income for them to continue their studies. A lot of working students take their allowances from their salaries at work because some of their parents, due to financial problems, cannot provide for their needs at school, while others simply do not have parents anymore and thus need to work in order for them to make a living. But it is really up to the student if he or she is willing to work even while studying. They just need to have the right mind and attitude in order for them to succeed. A well motivated, hardworking student will make both a fine student and a well spirited worker.


Nowadays, an increasing number of college students are taking part time jobs for many different reasons. We all know that not everyone is given a chance to go to school and some students have to find a job for them to be able to support their needs especially their studies. A part  time job is a form of employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. Workers are considered to be part time if they commonly work fewer than 30 35 hours per week. We cannot erase the fact that part time job for students is beneficial. First, part time job can help students earn money which will be useful to support their basic needs in school and at the same time relieve their parents ' burden. Second, it also needs communication skills when you are taking an interview to get the job, as there are many other competitors. If you fail to take the first job, you will take efforts improving yourself to win the next. Lastly, doing part time jobs is not only a process of self development, but also a process of experiencing social life, which will contribute to their job searching in the future. However, there are also some disadvantages in doing a job while studying. Students doing part time jobs are busy running between the working place and their school. As a result, they get tired, and even skip classes to have a sleep after hard working. It can also affect their study habit. Moreover, it can worsen their health in the long run. Nevertheless, part time jobs are worthy because it will teach us one important lesson in life, it is to value our education. This will be the only key for us to find a stable job and a better life in the future.


During college, we practice being independent. For preparation in stepping into the real world. That is why, most people would wish to gain several experiences that would be useful in the future. For exmaple, having a part time job and taking up college in the same time. Having part time jobs that would have several benefits for the college students after they had graduate. For one it would help them learn financial independence. While still finishing ones studies, the money that they earned from their part time jobs could help them support by themselves their studies. Than having to always be supported by their parents and this time around they could help their parents with some expenses, helping them somewhat lessen the things that they need to worry about. At the same time, they could save up money that they could use in the future. In doing so, they would be able to learn that budgeting ones expenses is very important. After college, this could help them when applying for a job. For nowadays, employers would give importance to the applicants job experiences and use it for assesment in whether to hire him or not. So, in a way this could help them having a high possiblity in being accepted. However, it depends whether the said experience you had in your part time job is related to the job your applying. At present, it is evident that it's hard to find a job, especially a permanent one. That would have a good pay. However if one would be able to find one, there are cases that you won't get the job. And I believe in a saying that someone had told me and that is It is better to have been prepared than to have regret it later.


For one reason, a student's main goal and purpose is to study hard, do the best they can and never give up on the task which they have been given. Hopefully, attain a scholarship that may somehow lessen the burden of their financial problem. As expected, the majority of college students have their parents and guardians guiding them, helping them during the years of the college students learning by paying the tuition fees, acknowledging the college student's grades and performances. Guardians and parents are even worried if their child does not come home on time, or does not reply to the messages they have been sending – scared that they might have joined fraternities or have been kidnapped and stuffs like that. Basically, they are scared for their child's safety considering the status of our society (third world country problems) thinking of the worst possibilities. Financial problem and the experiences gained in working should not be worried by students because by the time they graduate, they can work whichever way they want, at midnight or in the afternoon – not worrying about any other task that should be done in school whatsoever. If they are working while studying, the tendency is that they would have to be studying by the day and working by the dawn. Either they would have a poor time management or they won't have any time to rest at all. Lack of rest leads to failing marks, and worst, sickness. As a young dreamer, my ambition is to have a successful company, to have many business associates and lead my own team. As a college student, I would like to concentrate on my studies first before doing anything that will risk the chances of my unbecoming.


Part time job is one of the important experiences that would help develop the skills and human relation of every individual in our chose fields. these jobs are designed by some businesses, may it be a small store or a big company that really aims to educate and prepare the students in the real workplace of professionals. As a students, I am really aiming to be trained in a prestigious company who is capable of enhancing my knowledge. This will not just broaden my awareness of being a professional but will also give me a chance to apply my own ways to the advantage and welfare of the company. Therefore, part time jobs must not be one sided only. You as the part timer and the one who will give you that chance to learn must know your respective objectives. Part timers are there to learn and be trained for grater chances on getting jobs immediately after graduation thus you should contribute positively on that company. Companies that offer these opportunities to students like us have their own objectives too. They are ther to obtain our new ideas on doing things that can also be of help to them. However, it is not easy to embrace this experience since you must weigh your time if you can do it. The decision to have this job is hard because you might sacrifice some aspects of your life. However, not all students have the same perception as I have. Maybe some of them don't find part time jobs significant. The only thing that we need to remember is the impotance of being prepared in every stage of life and to be flexible for the changes that we will be dealing with.


It is important to have a part time job to college students. They can support financially their studies. Students will know how to manage their time, studying and earning money. They will learn how to prioritize what is important. They will know how to save and spend money properly. Students will gain new experiences and knowledge about working. They could also practice what they have learned from school. They will learn how to cooperate with others and deal with different things in their working environment. If students begin learning to manage a tight schedule in high school, they should soon understand that procrastination might be detrimental to their grade point average. A part time job makes them block off time each day for work, school and homework. They might also create blocks in their schedule for television watching, sports and recreation. Without a job, their schedules can be significantly unstructured. Part time jobs help students contribute to their college expenses, which can help you and your family during the economic crisis. Although some of their money should go towards entertainment and recreation, you should still find that their contribution to their spending money is helpful to your budget. Your teens might learn to keep a budget of their own and save 10 to 20 percent of their income each month, which should end up being a significant contribution to their college tuition by the time they graduate high school.


Nowadays, numerous college students are already working. Especially for less fortunate, when they have to support their own schooling and worse, support their own families. They sacrifice their supposed to be student life just to be able to help. But working while still studying is difficult as students lose focus on their studies. Whether to work or not while still in school actually depends on one's situation. Students who have part time jobs tend to be lax in their studies and make their studies their second priority. Their mind set is to earn money, especially when they have to bring food to their dining table everyday. Actually schools now make it easier for students to study while working, considering the poverty level in our country. Schools now give students the luxury to choose their own schedule in school which will not conflict their working schedules, the reason why most students these days already consider working at an early age. Studying and working concurrently would, however, make the students less focused and stressed. Looking at it at a different perspective, working students give value to money at an early age, as they know how hard money is earned. They learn how to budget, save for rainy days and be wise in spending. On the contrary, looking at it from the point of view from well off families, which, of course, comprised a smaller chunk of our population, they prefer their children to focus first on their studies. By doing this, they can concentrate more, they can bring home good grades and finish their college on time without being too stressed and without sacrificing their health. Anyway, giving value to money can be taught to children at home. Whether or not to work while in school actually depends on the personal drivers.


College students having part time job have numerous benefit. This may help increase the income of the family. Other college students have financial problem and having part time job can help a lot. College tuition fees are high. Those unfortunate students cannot focus on their studies due to the lack of funds they have. Students who have part time job found to be more attentive, more confident and more enhanced to have a better time management skill than others do. Some people may think that having a part time job for college students is harmful and it may distract the students through their studies, but it is not. Part time jobs are very important. Students must have career experience before graduating college. They must not depend on their parents because they are already in college. Parents might also appreciate their youngster by helping them financially. Students will also appreciate themselves because of the money they have earned by their own. They will also know how difficult and how parents suffer for us. In short, part time job is a training ground for adult life. Part time jobs are needed by college students so they will realize how hard life is and this might help them grow form their small cage.


Last year, I joined and started to work as a distributor of Royale Business Club International Incorporated, part time. Though I didn't do it full time, I didn't get to earn much as my friends who had lots of free time to do so. Still, I manage to help myself financially in terms of extra allowance for a month. It's a really big help financially even though you just do it part time. For me, I think getting a part time job is extremely important so that you can help yourself financially in times of need. Even though it's a necessity, extra income can come in handy. You'll never know when your salary or monthly allowance will eventually run out. As a student, I have a very hard time with my budget monthly. There are days when you just have to spend for something that you feel the need for. I 'm not saying that you should spend your hard worked money just on yourself. With this money you can always help someone in need, like someone in the corner of the street who needs a bit of help financially or is starving to death. So far I have donated 2000 of my total income to charity and outreach programs held on places in the Philippines who have suffered from great calamities. Those who need to have their homes reconstructed, those who need food, water and clothing. 2000 pesos maybe little to serve the cause, but take note that something like that only comes from 1 person, who happens to be a student. After learning the vision and mission of our business, I, therefore conclude that having a part time job is extremely important for each and everyone.


For me Part time job is not applicable for students because students must focus themselves in studying their lessons. Some students cannot do their household chores and they will have their part time job in a company what do you think will they do there. There are a lot of disadvantages for having a part time job if you are still a student, first the balance of time in school and at your work, next the distance because sometimes the distance from school and your workplace, another is your allowance is it fit for your fare going to school and going to your work for your projects and other school fees, and of course your health do you think your body can sustain the tiredness that you feel because you will study at the same time you will work. Working and studying is very stressful. What if you have examination you cannot focus on your study habit because of you are tired. But if there are disadvantages there are also advantages part time job is a big help for those students who has financial problems and to those who are hardworking they know how to balance their time very well. If your work is not that hard well you are lucky enough rather than those who has a very difficult job and at the same time small salary. The salary that you get you can use it for your tuition fees and other important things and at the same time it teaches us how to balance our time properly and become hardworking people. In part time jobs what we can get there is the experience and we can use that in the future.


For the question if part time job is important for college students, my answer is it depends on their social status and decision of their parents. For those students that belong in high class society, it is not necessary for them to take any part time jobs. They will just finish their studies and work or manage their own family business. For middle class like me, some take part time job for their own allowance, to help their parents for the expenses but there are also parents who never let and will not allow their children to take part time job because their reason is they want their children to focus in their studies then find a work after they graduated college. For students that really need to work for their tuition, allowance, book fees and other expenses in school and in their houses, it is important for them to have a part time job to help them for their expenses and to help their parents who working so hard just to enroll their children in a great school. Having part time job can help us be responsible, know how to budget money and having part time job during college can build our character. We will know how much the value of the money that we get from our hardwork. We will know how and we will spend it in important things. Lastly, college students that have part time job don't need to ask for money from their parents for their own needs and wants like a gadgets, clothes, and everything else and that are less burden for their parents.


There's a lot of advantage and disadvantage of having a part time job as a student or while studying, students who work are more confident and possess better time management skills than students who are not employed. In addition to offering a paycheck some independence and satisfaction, a part time job can provide both training and experience. Most of them can provide their own needs such as payment for their tuition fees, transportation and other expenses that they need in their study. On the other hand it has a bad effect like, it can lead to dropping out entirely. Working long hours can also limit opportunities to build friendships and explore interests that enhance intellectual and emotional development. As a student we need to know how to manage our time. It's not bad if we are going to have a part time job if our goal is to help our family, provide our needs in the school, to buy the things we want, and to have a experience. We just need to put in our mind the word Study First because this word can help us to motivate ourself to pursue and attain our goals in life, we need to finish our study to have a better life and better future. And also we need to trust God in all the things we do, because God said do your part and I will do my part.


A part time job is a job which people do not work for full hours. Having part time jobs are popular for students who earn money to help them financially. Part time jobs do not only benefit people in terms of money but also, it teaches people to be responsible. It prepares the young ones for their future jobs plus, taking a job at an early age turn people into skillful employees on the future. It also teaches the young ones that earning money is hard. Young people must appreciate the effort in earning money and realize that they wasted too much of it because they don't know how hard to get it. Besides studying, it is a good choice for the young people to strengthen their abilities and skills and solidify their positions or their statuses in the future. Also, when doing a part time job, the student can practice the lessons they got from school. The knowledge that the students get from the school is never enough. Students can only understand the meaning of it, but they do not know how to apply it. So, it's really good to let them experience it. But in the end, part time jobs are not only for students, it's for all. It's for people who want to earn extra money. It's for people who just want to have fun. It's for people who want to have an experience. It's for people who want to prepare their selves on to the real world that allows them to be more independent, more experienced and confident.


Due to certain pressures of college life, there have been circumstances that make college students think that it is important to have part time jobs. However, I think otherwise. There is no special need for a college student to have a part time job unless they have no other choice. A reason for this is because they can negotiate with others to gain certain privileges or achieve goals. For instance, if a student wants to be more independent or want to try to become more mature, the individual can always negotiate with his or her parents. He or she should negotiate regarding the limits of his or her freedom and the amount of allowance to be provided such that there is no need to be too dependent on the student's parents. If the need for a part time job arises due to the lack money, the student can always try to budget with he or she has and study and work hard to obtain a scholarship. The individual should only acquire a part time job if he or she is truly left with no other choice. After all, a part time job can put quite the toll on one's studies.


Part time jobs are widely available nowadays, paving way for people to gain extra income. However, at present, more of the people who apply for part time jobs are college students. I find such case alarming because for me, we are just students, and it is the job of the parents to support the studies and other education related expenditures of their children. Should the parents fail, the government should make interventions to be able for the students to finish studies. The government is obviously failing, so what I think is needed is a change in our government. I am strictly against letting students work part time because as a student, I am biased towards my fellow students and it is my belief that at this time in their life, they should be able to find enjoyment in the company of their friends. After all, what will be left for them after their studies are numerous responsibilities that will eat up most of their time, rendering them unable to enjoy most of their lives because of their works. The things they experience at this point in their lives are necessary for their development. All of their curiosity should be satisfied, for if otherwise happens, they might find it hard to accept that their college lives are over without them even enjoying.


This would help them become independent and responsible. They could earn their own income, though it would be small. Part time jobs doesn't require much skills so a simple college student could get one. Part time jobs would help college student s in managing their time and schedule. Their vacant periods would be occupied by something useful and beneficial. It helps them avoid temptation to do unnecessary and inappropriate things. Part time jobs for college students would also serve as training for the future since college students are preparing for their future, as part of the country's work force. Responsibility and self confidence could be developed in college students who engage in part time jobs. They gain self confidence in facing people they serve. Responsibility would further be developed since they are required to stick to a certain protocol or rules of the job they engage in. Aside for the training for the future, it also provides experience to college students. They would could easily know what they should and should not do when they apply for a job in the near future. And it would also help them to know what it feels like to work for other people.


For me, it is important for college students to have a part time job because it will build their character. Most of the jobs available to college students are very easy for them. After they experience as a waitress or a sales clerk, they will become that much more grateful for the opportunities that a college education will provide them in the future. They will realize that the world does not exist to wait on their hand and foot, and that if they want to get something, they have to give something first. Customer service jobs in retail and food service require them to work with challenging people, but after seeing how things are on this side of the counter, you will approach the world with a much more compassionate attitude. Therefore, be a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. They will make theirself more employable, learn some personal, financial responsibility and they also pay their own tuition fees in the school as well as the school supplies. Some of the most students are successful because their part time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management and at the same time budgeting money. If they keep their priorities straight and find a part time job that is at least satisfy them, they will be adding an important element to their future experience.


Nowadays, there are more and more college students choose to have a part time job. Surely, a partime job can provide cash and working experience to them but part time job would occupy college students a lot of precious time, which should be used to learn knowledge and skills in class without worries of work stress. Also the colleges or universities like the Adamson University provide students a community to fit in the real world, so that students can develop these necessary qualities and skills. I think it's definitely not a wise option to take a part time job in exchange of losing some parts of such important opportunities of education. It's known to almost everyone that to become a college is one of the important ways to change one's life. The main task of students is studying hard so that after graduation, they may get a good degree, which offers them a better opportunity forwell paid jobs. they will have no longer enough time to finish homework assigned or enchance their knowledge through reading books. At the same time, they will fall behind the class schedule. In other words, part time job is responsible for students ' bad study result.


In today's society, more and more college students have part time job after school. In my opinion, I support that teenagers have part time jobs in their free time and the reasons are as follows. First, I think that having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. Besides, I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Or if the kids can give the parents the money that is earned by them, their parents will be very happy. The second reason is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help teenagers find their ideal job more easily in the future. And the teenagers can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance. Third, teenagers can also expand their interpersonal relationship by having a part time job. In the recent year, interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in our working environment. If we have a good relationship with our colleagues or friends, when we have problems or want other people to help us, they will try their best to help us. I have read an article; it said, Without friends, we will not do anything perfectly. I have the same thought with the writer of this article.


Everyone now a days even teachers have a part time job like Architects nowadays have their own part time job being a teacher to tech their students what the teachers learned in their course and students to have a part time job at night they need money for their college tuition fees and their food for them, being in a part time job is very hard and you feel pressured every day you do things that you don't good at and your trying to do it by yourself that is pressure and you do your assignments and your part time job But the best reason for encouraging the young to take a part time job is to make them learn how hard money is earned. Many youngsters nowadays still do not appreciate the effort spent to get money and they have wasted too much of it, just because they do not know how hard to get it. Too much has been said about the wasting habit of the young these days but too little have we known about the ways to stop that. Encouraging the young to take part in a part time job can be an effective way to solve the problem. When the young stay at home, eat meals, play video games, watch movies and study, they do not bother to know how hard those things are fetched, they just enjoy them. But when working seriously, they can be aware of the tough environment that workplace brings, they need to face up to stress and tiredness when performing tasks, and because no one want to waste things that they have exchanged with much effort, so they are bound to appreciate the value of money and you feel like you're in an adult world or getting ready for your life A part time job, which is familiar and common for the young, can be an ideal option to welcome them to the adult life effectively.


We know that a lot of people are working to earn money for them to survive. Some of those people we know are employees of course, some are the owners of their own firm and some are students. When a student wants to work to earn money they apply for part time jobs. So they can work depends on their schedule whether to work in the afternoon after their class or in the morning before they go to class. Part time job is an employment that carries fewer hours per week than a full time job. Sometimes people do part time jobs because they are not satisfied in what they get from their present job. Others do part time jobs because they just want their time to be useful; they don't what to waste their time doing non sense things so rather than killing time they want to spend their time wisely. Part time job helps people to earn more especially students. Students do part time job to support them while studying and to have solutions for their financial issues. Part time job is not just to support the financial problems of the person, but it also helps the person to know what working hard means and feels like. It also serves as training for the person to know what will happen by the time he/she works and also to prepare him/her for the challenges that might happen while he/she's already working.


In many countries it is common for teenagers to take part time jobs while they are in college, while in other societies this is virtually unheard of. Having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. Besides, I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Or if the kids can give the parents the money that is earned by them, their parents will be very happy. The second reason is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help teenagers find their ideal job more easily in the future. And the teenagers can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance. Third, teenagers can also expand their interpersonal relationship by having a part time job. In the recent year, interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in our working environment.


In my opinion, I support that teenagers have part time jobs in their free time and the reasons are as follows.  First, I think that having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. The second reason is that having a part time job, we will have the working experience and have the chance to adapt the different relationship between classmates and colleagues earlier than the people who do not have the part time job. Having the working experience can help teenagers find their ideal job more easily in the future. And the teenagers can also learn how to deal with the problems that may happen in their future working circumstance. Third, teenagers can also expand their interpersonal relationship by having a part time job. In the recent year, interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in our working environment. If we have a good relationship with our colleagues or friends, when we have problems or want other people t o help us, they will try their best to help us.


Being a college student means being independent and responsible in life. There are things that you need to start considering particularly your money or allowance. There are college students who are being supported by their parents financially but that is not the case because as a college student we must support our own needs or wants and start looking and have a part time job. There maybe college students who don't want to work because they are still young or they are being shy but what they don't know is that having a part time job is not just a source of extra allowance but it will also prepare you in the future after you graduate. If we have part time job buying things we want won't be that hard anymore or we don't have to ask our parents to buy us some things. Also having a part time job you'll learn how to budget and manage your allowance because it is your hard earned money. No matter if our parents gave us allowance it is best if we still have a part time job because we cannot say if it is enough but if we have one we can still support whatever our needs in case we our short in budget. Not only that, because by means of part time job we learn little by little how to be independent. That is how important part time job is to college students.


What is a part time job? It is considered as a part time job when a person only works for less than 8hours of work per day. Part time jobs are usually taken by people who still have to go to school, they are called working students. They can only work part time since they cannot accumulate 8hrs of working while attending 8hrs of school. During the summer, I have considered taking a part time job in Starbucks with my friend to have an income during summer. Unfortunately we weren't able to apply, but then I had a so called part time job in my village, I trained a kid how to play basketball but it didn't last long since he also had a busy schedule. I enjoyed my time while training the boy, and still I earned money. I have a friend who took a part time job in A head learning center, he was chosen to be a teacher during the review classes of students who attended and were preparing for ACET, UPCAT, and DLSUCET. And she earned a pretty good sum of money and kept her surviving during the summer. When you choose a part time job, I believe it should be something you should enjoy; so that you will not be bored while doing your job and you will have a stable income even though you are still young.


College is considered by many as the training ground that prepares students for work. Most of the basic skills needed for any field of work may be acquired in college. This is attainable by engaging in different types of academic activity – be it in the form of lecture or actual application. Both types of learning are vital to one's wholistic development, thus, having trainings in both aspects are usually included in the syllabi of universities. In line with this, the question of students having part time jobs arises. Although it is highly recommended that students have an expertise on their field of work, I think that it is not necessary for one to be employed in a temporary basis. This is due to the fact that students have an obligation to study, and having a part time job may interfere with their time to review. It wouldn't be a loss for students, as well, to not engage in temporary employment as most universities require OJT or On the Job Training for students who are about to graduate. The involvement of this program in a university's curriculum allows a student to learn and develop their skills in their line of work without having to compromise for study time. If the main concern of the given statement is the acquisition of skills needed for work, then it is not necessary for college students to have part time jobs, provided that the university they are enrolled into has programs which allows them to simulate or participate in a work environment.


Part time jobs have become a part of history for a college student's life, mostly on the marginalized areas of the country. The importance of having a part time job in college is subjective. It depends on what the objective of the student is. If the objective of the student is to support his school life because he is poor, then it is important; if the objective of the student is to maximize his college life by experiencing everything, then having a part time job is a must. However, if the objective is just to study and money is not a problem and maximizing college life is not the priority, then having a part time job is unimportant. A part time job is usually part of a scholarship program. Sometimes, the students seek independent help. It usually lasts four to five a day, no longer than a total of twenty hours a week. This is why having a part time job's importance is subjective. It takes a considerable amount of time on the student's part. Sometimes, fate leaves no choice for the student when money becomes an issue. However, on the bright, there are also some people who take it just to experience it. This is also important in terms of developing the student as a whole. It develops his sense of responsibility, while at the same time given the choice to quit at his own convenience because the job was not forced in the first place.


For me, It's upon a situation for a college student. If the student is well enough and if family can support for the study, therefore it is not important to have a part time job because the part time job or a working student cannot budget their time fully, reasons of overtime, tiredness, mentally absent and etc. For example, for a student like us we have eight hours of studying and we allotted time for making the assignment, project and etc. We take the two – four (2 4hrs. ) in our twenty four hours in daily lives and we still have to work to earn money, let say for five six hours(5 6hrs. ) then we are tired to that and probably there's a chance of failing grades. If we are born lucky enough or that the money is well enough in our lives, therefore it is very important to have it to finish the study and to find a better job or the best job because better is not enough for me. Students that a have part time job is a well independent because it is not for themselves to continue study, their goals is to help their family. It is very important for them or for us the money and the time to finish study. For those students who take a part time job for their luxury needs, it is also a good and bad. The good is there are not depend to their parents to bought what they want because they have a money to buy and they earn money, and they know how to budget it. For the bad side the they work for their selves and have a bad habits like drinking liquor, addicted in computer games and many more.


The cost of living for people nowadays continues to grow every day. As a result the cost of everything from food to housing to education is really high. But what intrigues me most is that college students now go for jobs just to pay for the schooling. Some students or as they call them working students work while they are studying just to earn money for their schooling. Because their parents don't have money to send them to the school they want to. It is really hard to talk about college students getting part time jobs, because personally I have not met any college students who have part time jobs. But I think having a part time job in college can be seen in two ways. It can be good and bad at the same time. Its good because it motivates you to study and to succeed in school because you know the value of money that you spend in you schooling. It can be other hand because it might take up all your time for studying, friends and even your family. So I think in general there are really two sides of the coin with college students having part time jobs.


Balancing school and work is the hardest job a part time worker college student has to face everyday. It may be ridiculous for some that a college student will go to work after school but for some, everything depends on these part time jobs. Truthfully, the world is becoming inhuman. Putting money first before human lives is becoming typical. The same goes for college students working their lives off while studying at the same time. They spend 4 6 hours after school in their own respective part time jobs. It is a common trend in today's world. To achieve a decent life and a prosperous future, one should acquire a suitable amount of money for a good education. Making money while in college is ideal for students. It becomes a priority for most students to get a part time job to support their own studies. A working student drains the energy allotted for studying at work and sadly, not all companies or business establishments give considerations for these unfortunate students. Examples of these considerations are giving a flexible schedule and/or awarding a good salary for working students. If administered properly, part time jobs can be an advantage for college students. It is all about the experience of working even before graduating. Some employers would love to hire fresh graduates who undergo deeper job training through part time jobs in their college years. There is also a possibility that part time jobs can also help college students in maintaining a healthy social life even under the heavy pressure of their studies through having both college friends and co workers. A part time job plays an important role to most college students nowadays. Even though some may not be in need of money, it is an essential experience that is worth all the hardships. It all depends on the student handling it.


Is it important for students to have a part time job? I assume that it depends on the student's capability of balancing his time. He could either study diligently, or study at the same time has a part time job. By studying diligently, he could obtain a scholarship which will greatly aid his parents. The student must maintain his high grades in order to not forfeit the scholarship. Having a part time job is very tedious, because he has to attend school, and then have his work done. By the time the student reaches home, he is too laborious to even do his assigned home works. I believe that it also depends on the student's financial status. If the student's parents can't sustain the child's education, the student must acquire a way to aid his parents in his or her studies. This decision lies in the hands of the student, whether he or she wants to succeed in life. All we have to do is to have the drive we need in life, once we get that drive, we will be tested. We must never give up. Life is unpredictable. I think that having a part time job has its pros and cons. One of the pros is that, the student could finish his education, at the same time help in the family. One of the cons is that, the student's body will not be healthy anymore, since he has to stress himself out both in school and in the workplace. The sky isn't always blue, the sun doesn't always shine. So it's okay to fall apart sometimes but always remember to get back up again.


In the past few years, I've gone through a few part time jobs. I've been through the buy and sell business, the stocks industry and even the supermarket area. And In all of these jobs that I have underwent, I can conclude one fact: that it is necessary for college students to have a certain amount of experience in working. First of all, part time jobs serve as practice and preparation for the future job of a person. Simple part time jobs may seem unimportant, useless even, but in the eyes of a company, all types of these is important. Next, it gives experience to the college student. After college, people usually find jobs. And in those job interviews, there is always going to be that one question: "How much experience do you have?" As a requirement in future job interviews, one must have a certain amount of job experience for them to get hired. Thus, having part time jobs gives college students the opportunity to see the way adults work, and experience the hardships and problems they go through. Lastly, it gives college students the opportunity to learn. Learning in this case wouldn't simply be learning how to do a certain task, but also learning as an individual. Having part time jobs not only helps college students in their resume, it also helps them grow as people. No matter how little a person works, they always learn that there is room for improving themselves as individuals. Overall, we can say that it is important for college students to find part time jobs because it helps them learn, gives them experience and helps them prepare for the real world in the future.


The reality of life usually starts when one is already working. Eyes are opened to the ugly truth which pertains to the life which is really simple but people are making it complicated. People are so busy. You sleep late. You get up early. You get broke. You can't really depend on someone all the time. I believe that some college students have been already realizing about the reality of life though, since some already have a part time job. In my opinion, I believe that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Every step that we take prepares us for the following big step. Being a college student as well, I believe that we must be preparing for more pressuring toils that we have to withstand in the future. Not to mention the sleepless nights because of the overload of home works, a part time job would be really a part of the training. People look at this situation at different perspectives. Most look it as a way to earn money to spend for shopping or for other desired wants. Some think of it as a way for starting an investment for their future. While a few view it as a way to train their selves in preparation for the real world.


Part time job is a type of job that a person age from 18 years old and above are willing to take the chance from being a non tired person into a challenging and entering the world of employment and businesses. The reason behind why some students are taking the chance because of financial problems. We all know that there are many students in the Philippines that do not have the opportunity to enroll in college division. Especially to those high school students who came from very far province. That's why these students apply for part time job to earn some money to be able to enroll in college and may finished their studies. We can also see few students that are currently enrolled and yet every evening and midnight, they are applied in part time job. Maybe because they also need some financial resources to be able to help their parents, guardians or whoever who are giving the tuition fees to them. Workers are considered to be part time if they commonly work fewer than 30 or 35 hours per week The advantages of this are, you can spend some time at work, you can get pocket money instead of having no money and most of all it helps you to build your character and it teaches you responsibility. Disadvantages are, you cannot make as much as you could for full time, you still have to work very hard for the job so that you can maintain your accumulate hours and foremost you should be there when you're scheduled or else, you will be fired. For me, part time job is another way and step to the realistic world. Because you are entering the new beginning or chapter of your life, on how to spend time and how to manage your time.


Nowadays, many students have the tendency of quitting school especially in college. Because of financial problem, they can't anymore afford to pay the tuition fee. But not all students are giving up. They still look for a way, for them to stay in the school and to continue their studies. When doing a part time job, students can practice the lesson got from classes. Students can also earn money on their own. Taking a part time job is guaranteed to give you more experiences before attaining a satisfying job. So, taking a job beside studying is a good choice for the young to solidify their position in the future job. Why can people grow up in this way? Students usually spend their parents ' money, they do not have to work hard so they hardly know its value. It's not until they have to try their best that they set much value on their parents ' money and long lasting effort to bring them up. When they have to work to earn money for themselves, they will sure find how difficult it is. Furthermore, young people have to deal with many awkward cases that require them to react quickly though sensibly to get the best result. Such environment of work does not allow youngsters to be childish, indeed, they need to grow up in their thought and their action to adapt to the world of adult and business. Life was never easy. If you worked hard, You can achieve anything more than what You expected. If they'll have a part time job, they will realize how difficult life is.


Many may seem to agree that the phase of life after graduating college is one with plentiful difficulties and hardships, a defining moment of your life as you will coordinate the career path you would like to pursue. You would come across some rejections, meet people, experience new things, and find out your strengths and weaknesses. A job experience at an early age will get you an edge on the competition and a better way to have that experience is through a part time job while in college. A part time job is no more an inconvenient way to spend some free time. Due to the convenience of picking their own schedule in college, many of the students may be able to free up some time for the part time job. Instead of doing unproductive activities, one may get a part time job. Not only will he earn money, he will gain experience and learn new things which are two thumbs up to employers. You can also try different jobs and find which is suitable for you because maybe the job that you've always thought about pursuing might not be the one suitable for your skills. College students should try their best to have a part time job. Life lessons and tricks lie with it and these will be vital to their future.


As we all know, other people are not fortunate enough to sustain their everyday needs. Surviving everyday is tough, we humans really need to work hard in order to live another day in this modern world. We would do anything necessarily to live. As I have said, not all of us are fortunate, we do not have the same statuses in life. Other people need to work twice as hard. Some people who had no other options resorted in committing crimes. That's the real world, life is not easy as we thought about when we were still kids. Obviously, people do jobs to earn money to sustain their own everyday needs. These people may be of different statuses, some, work to sustain their own personal needs. Some are students who need money to go to school. They do part time jobs at different places. Their working hours depend on their schedule in class. These students work also to help their parents in supporting their education. By doing part time jobs, they could lessen the financial allotment of their parents in sending them to school. Maybe this is their way of showing gratitude to their parents. Others are doing part time to make their spare time productive, in a way that they would earn and gain experience at the same time. Part time job has a lot of benefits. Aside from earning money to sustain ourselves, it could also be a way to gain working experience, which would be of use in the future. Today, especially in Architecture, students must attain a two  year field experience in order to take the board exam. Doing part time jobs could be of great help to us students, in this way, we could help our parents and the same time, our own selves.


What are part time jobs? Part time jobs are when a person work only a few hours a week. This situation is often taken up by students. Those students manage to juggle their time between work and their studies. As a Lasallian, I think that part time jobs are important because it builds character and enriches a person's life experiences. I, myself, have never had a [art time job because I always felt that if I do I would be overwhelmed with all of the things I have to do. However, being in La Salle and meeting all these amazing people made me realize that you can achieve anything you put your mind to. I see people taking up double majors yet they still have the time to work in local businesses or serve their community. This really changed my view on the subject. This proves that nothing is impossible with the grace of God. These are the people I consider as well rounded individuals. From their jobs they have learned how to be responsible, how to be committed and how to be dedicated to finishing their task. They have shown all of us that with proper time management you can achieve more than what you only think you can. Also, they have shown me that the lessons they learn from those real life job experiences help them to become better students and become better equipped to take on whichever job they chose once they graduate.


What are part time jobs? What is its significance in a society? Is it permanent? Is it helpful to the society? I 'm going to answer these questions that bother me about part time job. In my own idea based on what I learned, part time jobs are jobs which are not permanent but part time only, meaning people who do part time jobs will only work for duration of time and after that they will need to renew their contract or find a new part time job. Carpentry is an example of a part time job where in carpenters can only work up to the contract is finished. The significance of part time jobs is very important especially for those people who can't find a permanent job. Part time jobs are very helpful in a society composed of many skilled workers but lacking in different jobs or occupations. It can be useful for students who lack of money for their tuition because their parents can't sustain their studying needs. It can help for working students because they can earn money from it and continue to study in their desired profession or discipline. Even though it is not permanent, it has a big impact on our society today to have educated people. Even being a working student is hard I think it is worth it especially for those who really need to continue their studies.


Part time job is being a worker or student for periods that take less time than a full, regular schedule or which an employee does not work full hours. This is an extra source of money or income especially for students. It can be a service crew, assistant, store keeper, helper, tutor, waiter or waitress, vendor, office worker, book keeper, online teacher, etc. Many college students need this because it's hard to be a full time or regular worker while studying your lessons, doing your projects, thesis and assignments in school at the same time. I can relate myself because I 'm a student library assistant in our university and this part time job really helps me and my family in paying tuition fees for my study. Although the money that I will get from the part time job can't cover all my tuition fees and miscellaneous but still it helps a lot. I have two brothers and two sisters that's why I want to help my father and mother through having a part time job. Having a part time job is a big help for every student who don't have enough many to go to school or students that want to have extra income or allowance.


A lot of college students have a part time job but is it really essential? It is important to college students to have a part time job because it will help the college students financially, it will give the students and edge over the applicants in the job market, it will make the college students build their own character. In the first place, part time jobs will be a great help for the students financially. A part time job can help the students in their expenses including the clothes, food, shelter, books. Most of the time the students will pay for school related expenses and part time jobs can help them with the expenses. Having a job also helps your parents because you take some of the load financially and you will constantly become responsible for your own expenses. In the second place, students will have an advantage over applicants. Today, it is not enough to have just a degree. Working in a job not related to your degree will give you an edge in applying a job because of your work experience and good references from your supervisors. Lastly, it will build their character. It will make the students responsible. They learn how to budget their money. Living independently will be a shock to later on. Students realize that not everything is free instead you have to work for it. In conclusion, having a part time job is important in many ways. The student will be more financially stable, will have an edge over applicants in the job market and become a responsible person. It could be the key to their success because a lot of students became successful because of their part time jobs and the advantage they have is experience.


It is very important for a college student to have a part time job due to the fact that having a part time job can teach college students many things such as independence, responsibility, and hard work. But most of all, the most important thing in having a part time job is gaining knowledge that can't be taught on school such as application and real work because usually at schools, teachers only teaches us theories and basic knowledge but by having a part time job we can apply and utilize them. Students can also maximize their skills and time by having a part time job and thus could grow into more mature individuals. Aside from learning a lot of things, college students will also learn how to value their time and money because by working and realizing how hard it is to gain money independently, they will start to appreciate all the hard work that their parents had done just to support them. Student will also learn how to manage their time well because having a part time job while studying isn't easy, it's like adding an extra load to your curriculum. That's why having a part time job is important because it teaches us a lot of things we can't learn at school, it may be hard but the end it will play a major role in our future. In conclusion, college student should really have a part time job, financially capable or not because by having so, we, college students would grow more and maximize our talents.


Many students are wondering whether they should get part time jobs or not because there are different opinions about it. The reason of some students is they need to sustain their needs, because some of them maybe are not rich to buy all their needs in school. But some of them are self supporting, because sometimes there are parents who are not enough their income just to support their children's on their need, that is why we students decided to find a job just to lessen our parent's obligations, and also to manage financial difficulties. Besides, students can earn money by themselves, and this partly relieves their parents economic burden. Having part time jobs mean having a chance of making friends with many people, who may help them out of difficulties. I do believe that their experiences in part time jobs can help them after their bachelor's degree and I believe that great benefits, which part time job provides. Working students are those persons who are most likely to succeed for my own opinion. That is because at a very young age they already take the responsibility of working while studying. Moreover, the sense of responsibility and perseverance that were inculcated in their minds as early as students.


As we all know, most of the people who have part time jobs are high school and college students. Why? Because they need to earn money for their tuition and miscellaneous fees and for them to help their family especially their parents and to cover some expenses while they are attending school. Another reason is that they want to engage and train themselves in that kind of atmosphere before they graduate and get a full time job. At this moment, it is very hard to look for a part time job that suite your capabilities since it depends in the skills of the person and requirements of the company for the job available. Some company chooses one who already graduated and has experiences working in that field. So that is one of the many problems of a person who wants to get a part time job. As you employ yourself in this kind of activity, you will be aware in what will happen to you in your future life and career. You can ready yourself in the trainings and work you will encounter. And as you get your first salary, you will be proud of yourself and you can do whatever you want in your money.


Having a part time job imposes both positive and negative effects on a college student. On a positive perspective, working part time at a young age prepares a student for real life after schooling. He/she is trained to be more responsible as he/she progresses in his/her job. When a college student works part time, he/she also achieves a sense of fulfilment in what he/she does. Once he/she sees a pay check with his/her name on it, the sense of achievement he/she gets is unparalleled. Moreover, a college student who works part time can foresee and ultimately discover what career would fit his/her skills; if ever his/her skills do not fit his/her ambitions, he/she can then focus on developing the skills needed to match that ambition. Money wise, a college student who has a part time job can easily assist whoever is financing his/her studies. On the other hand, working part time can also make a student less focused on his/her schooling. Although he/she is preparing himself/herself for the real world through work, a degree matched with honors and achievements is what an aspiring employee would need to get into a proper job. In addition, a college student may be discouraged to pursue his/her degree if he/she entertains the thought that the job he/she has can already sustain him/her.


Literate people can read and write but normal people cannot read and write two different things at the same time. There is such thing called multi tasking, though. It is the ability to do two or more things at the same time. Everyone has done that but to be able to do one's best, one has to focus on doing one thing at a time. For instance, when singing and dancing, one must learn to either sing the song or dance to the beat first before being able to do the same at the same time really well. If not, it may take time before the performer masters his or her job. This is because the person will be confused if he or she hasn't mastered at least one of the routine prior to the joint performance. This concept is same with the concept of working students. They will not be able to do their best in the academic aspect since their time and attention is divided. Studying alone is a lot different and has more advantages as opposed studying while working. As of now, a lot of students prefer to work while studying. We cannot blame them for choosing to do so because they have a reason for that: lack of money. On the bright side, it may still be added to their credentials and this will be an advantage as they apply for a job. Personally, I have high respect for students who work for part time jobs. What they're doing requires a lot of patience, hard work and sacrifice. The experience they have earns them the values they gain and honor they deserve.


Working students, college students in particular, are not uncommon sights. In the Philippines, maybe not so much, but in some other countries, yes, or at least this is what is being portrayed by the media. Whether or not having part time jobs is good and beneficial for the students is subjective, dependent on the needs a student has to meet. But regardless of it being beneficial to some, it is not a must – not an extremely important aspect – for students. The main reason for this is that it might, and most probably will, result in the lack of focus on studies. If students involved and busied themselves with part time jobs, more time will be taken up, there is demand from work separate from that of school, and this builds up to added stress on the part of the students. There is also the possibility of having them prioritize these jobs instead of education. This, of course, is not saying that it is entirely bad. One good thing students can pick up from part time jobs is learning to balance work and studies, thus becoming more time efficient. It prepares them for life after schooling. However, as stated earlier, it is not something important or imperative for students to take, especially if it threatens to hamper studies, and also if is not really needed.


College students should have part time jobs so that they could help their hardworking parents pay for their chosen institution's tuition fee. Their parents may seem like they never run out of money but in truth, they do too. Imagine all the expenses they incur in sending their children to school, gas (if they use the car to send the kids to school) or transportation expenses, daily allowance, books, clothes, food, and so much more. With all the time a college student has on his/her hands, they could probably work for at least two to three hours a day and earn a few bucks to be able to lessen their parents ' load (in terms of money). It's the least they can do to help their parents. Ever since they were studying in primary and secondary school, their parents probably never asked for anything in return for sending them to school (except for good grades, of course). Now that they are in college, they should do this simple and easy gesture or working a few hours a day or a week to be able to give something back. They don't even have to pay for part of their own tuition; maybe they could pay for part of their sibling's tuition fee or not ask for daily allowances anymore. Simple acts can go a long way.


I do not agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It is not important for college students to have part time job because they should only be focused in their studies. They should devote their time and strength in their studies not in their work. College students who have part time job will not have enough time for their studies and they may not have time to rest. They may not have time to study for their exams and to do their projects and assignments. Instead of studying their lessons, they are in their part time jobs working. Having a part time job can give college students money but it also has disadvantages for the students. It might affect their grades. They might also be already tired when they are going to their schools. College students will also lose their time for their selves. Being a college student is hard but it will become even harder if they have part time jobs. In my opinion, it is the responsibility of the parents to give their children, who are studying, money for their needs. The responsibility of the college students is to study not to have part time jobs.


Having a part time job as a college student is quite tough. Being a college student is already tough in the first place, having a part time job means that the students would have less time in studying. I strongly disagree that the college student should have a part time job. The role of a student is to study whether it is in any grade level. The college life is tough and needs a focus in order to pass the subjects. Some college students forced to have a part time job due to financial problems. However, passing the subject is become their problem while having a part time job. They tend to neglect their studies because they have no more energy left to do their homework. Second, having a part time job makes the students feels they do not need to graduate from college. Since they already have an experience on having a job they think they do not need a degree to earn money. They tend to choose to work than to study because they enjoying the salary that they received. Lastly, it is not important to have a part time job if the college students not able to finish their studies. The effort to earn money to sustain college studies became useless if a student cannot balance his studies and his job. Therefore a college student should only focus on his studies and not to have a part time job. Part time job is good but sometime it is not beneficial for a student. It may cause a student to delay in finishing his studies. I believe that a person should take one step at a time to succeed.


As we all know jobs are important in order for us to have money. It also enables us to apply all the things that we have learned and helps us enhance our skills. There are times that people make use of their talents and skills to earn money and that are what we called a part time job. The first thing that comes into my mind when we say part time job are teenagers. The reason is most of the time college students are the ones who ask and need this kind of job. Having part time jobs has a big importance especially to those college students who are independent, that their parents cannot support their studies anymore. Especially if we are the students who are really determined and have many goals in life we will not be contented that our parents cannot provide us proper education anymore, we must find a way just to achieve our dreams. Like, some are working in restaurants as a server and others become assistant and many more. Having these kinds of jobs can help in our studies and at the same time it also helps our parents in a way that they will have lesser expenses to be paid. Nowadays, college students are trying to get more part time jobs as much as they can because it provides us money and at the same time it also enhances our skills and talents. As poverty continues to become rampant, it is so difficult to provide money especially when it comes to the education of students. So, having and finding part time jobs are not that easy. We must have the skill; trust in ourselves and patience in finding these kinds of jobs.


Part time job, it is carrying fewer hours per week as a part time work. A work that is convenient and can add an extra income. Students nowadays discovers on how they can use their free time to be more productive. They actually knew that having a part time job is a good thing to do. Every day, almost a lot of fast food chains are hiring jobs: food servicing jobs. They actually found out that students are can be good crews because they can learn very fast unlike of those elderly. And also fast food chains owners also want to help financially ill students to have a good future that's why they hire them. So that's why when you always went to your favorite restaurant you can actually see crews that is totally same old as you: a student like you serving to customers. We should thank them for helping people out. Part time job is not only to have work and to earn. You can also say that is a recreational activity because sometimes this is your first path to serve people and many enjoy this stuff. We should all know that our country is not that dependable yet. So our government cannot support each family who does need help. We should be wise and think outside of the box to survive, compete, and overcome this being worse poverty.


Money plays a very important role for everyone. It gives us opportunities for us to have a particular thing whether it is a necessity or just for satisfaction. But most people are often very busy or have a hectic schedule thus giving them no chance to earn some money for a living. Part time jobs are great for people like these. It gives them the chance to earn good money for just working for a short span of time per day. It is usually less than 40 hours per week more or less 5 hours per day. Part time jobs are also great for students in preparation for adult life. It gives them the experience of what their parents are going through; working for a living. It gives them the satisfaction when they know they deserved it because they worked hard for the salary. It also makes them realize their strengths and weaknesses along the way. But most of all, it teaches them respect towards their father and mother because they will know that money is very hard to earn yet they spend so much just to feed your hungry tummy, satisfy your wants, give you all the necessities, and give you a good education.


College is the time where independence is often sought. Where a sense of freedom and self sustainment is like a breath of fresh air on a prisoner's face after the granting of his parole. That is why more often than not, college students find part time jobs to help finance their education. They take on backbreaking jobs not only to get their paycheques but also have a sense of fulfilment. It is often experienced in the Western culture that students fend for themselves after stepping in to college. They are expected to generate money for themselves. Having part time jobs can also pave the way for the student's professional practices. This can shape the individual into a person who is well rounded even before he/she steps into the professional world. Thus, having part time jobs may be helpful to students in a sense that it can be training grounds for the betterment of the individuals. As a freshman in college, I have not yet fully experience the life college has to offer including their string of part time jobs. I would want to experience working part time just for the heck of it and possibly acquire information that I can apply later on in my professional life.


As a college student of Adamson University, I think having a part time job for college students is necessary especially to those who have problems financially, is also necessary to have an experience or to afford something you like in other words for additional expenses. Having a part time job is a hard thing do if you are a college student, its more hard if you're already have a profession or a permanent job, a part time job is just temporary because, first, it is just a part time and not permanent, second and last, part time job is to solve your problems financially. Here in Adamson University there are many college students having a part time job as a Student assistant in a given department to them, in my observation, being an Student assistant is very hard part time job because, there is pressure and they are irregular students because they must have a time to do their job, considering it as a hard work, at least they can manage it with pressure, of course, they are Adamsonians and they can do it properly and successfully. Me, I like to have a part time job to even though I don't have problems financially, I want to have because I like to buy what i want like cellphones, eat in fabulous restaurants, watch high rated movies etc.


In this modern age, prices of the basic commodities rise, and not all families belong to the middle class and high class. In order for these people to earn enough for their tuitions and other basic necessities, students often apply for part time jobs to increase the income that their family is earning. Applying for part time jobs doesn't mean that you are degrading your own status in the society; it is just a matter of choice that you are making. It is important to those college students to have part time jobs if the income of the family is not sufficient for them to have their other needs and wants. Students having part time jobs are also given scholarships in some schools. Letting college students have part time jobs is a way to make them realize earlier the hardships their parents must go through in order for their parents to give them the best life they can ever have. Letting students work for their own money is a good training for them so that they won't easily waste the money the money their parents are giving them. If the students are the one that are earning for their own, they will be reminded of their own parents who had worked hardly for them, and they would remember that money is not easily earned since one has to work hard for it in order to earn a big sum of money. One will only know the hardships others have gone through once he experiences it himself.


Part time jobs are not an easy task, it can be very tiring but despite of it, it can help you to be mature enough to handle situation in life. Part time job are needed by some people especially since we are facing poverty. Some persons really need to have one (part time job) so that they can live, eat, and survive while schooling and it also help their parents in financial problem/s. One example of this is the people with lack of money or the poor, poor family have no choice, than to push their children to work despite of their young ages because of this, students must balance work and studies and take time for everything. Part time job can have a negative and positive or disadvantage and advantage in a person because part time job is a time. The advantages or the positive aspect of part time jobs, it allows student freedom to make their own money which means they can choose how or when to spend it, it also gives the student responsibility to juggle their time and plan ahead with regards to: school, work, sports (if there are any), friends, family, church (if they go to church), band (if they play an instrument), and it allows them to save up for anything they need or want. And the disadvantaged or the negative aspect of part time job, students could become too busy with work and neglect other responsibilities, student may be tired from work and may not do their best in school, and student may be at work a lot and not have as much time to spend with family and friends. So love and live with our time because it gives as the busyness, happiness, pleasure, responsibilities, joy, etc..


