Part time job is one of the skills every college students needs before getting a job. It is like a training for every college student who is about to embark on their future careers. It is also a source of income for those independent students, for those who pay for their tuition or for those who want to have extra allowances. Having a part time job also has its pros and cons but it is still based on the person taking it. Maybe, for him it's difficult but for other people they enjoy every minute of it. People will never be what they seem; it will always surprise you on what they can really do in life. When you have a part time job, you earn extra money and extra money. When you have extra money no one will stop you in buying whatever you want. Whether it's a Christian Dior dress or a Louis Vuitton bag, no one's stopping you in buying those things since the money is yours and you have the right to spend it on anything you want. People may think you're a spender but when you earn something by yourself and buy the things you want, you feel ecstatic, excited, happy and proud for yourself. But getting a part time job depends on whether you are busy with school projects or not, of course, studies are our first priority when it comes to school. It teaches us how to prioritize our time management because we do part time jobs for additional allowances or for money but study will always comes first for every college students around the world with part time jobs.


I strongly believe that students should have the urge to commit themselves on part time jobs pertaining to those who are at the tertiary level. This is because on our century today, the tuition fees are inevitably increasing. Some parents would have a hard time paying the tuition fees of their children. To lessen the burden our parents are carrying, we must have the guts to help them. Another reason would be for students to gain experience and to develop their strengths and weaknesses. Engaging ourselves on things that we do not usually do can help improve our well being. One's personality can be changed through socializing. Also, this can help in applying for full time jobs in the near future. Brought by experience, one can be easily accepted on companies if they already had previous experiences most especially those types that enhance one's skills. Lastly, for some students who do not have anything to work with during their free hours, taking up a part time job would be the best way to occupy their time with. Instead of engaging ourselves on unnecessary matters, we can help not only to our family and self but also to the own country as well. One can gain extra income for future necessities.


Today, people live in a fast paced society. People need to survive and cope with a new environment every now and then. One noted term that one must always remember is practicality. Even if one faces a new world and begin with a new chapter, one must always consider living by practicality. In Filipino communities, many families find it difficult to sustain their financial needs and can ill afford send their children to college. But these students are very eager to continue their college studies, work, earn and aspire for a more comfortable life. These college students, to assist and finance their studies, work on part time jobs. These part time jobs are really offered to students by various business and companies, a few of these are: crew members in fast food chains, assistant librarians or a cashier at a grocery store. Having a part time job while studying is a real tedious task and involves a wise use of your time. Truly, working while studying and studying while working is a real sacrifice; one must sacrifice his/her free time and rest to work and study. But at the end of the day, it will always be beneficial – he/she will finish her degree course and now has the better opportunity to be employed. All their hard work will be compensated and they will be able to help others as well. Having been employed in an early age, is not a disadvantage, it also gives the edge to these working students for having a hands on experience on these jobs. They were able to learn and understand the flow of the business or organization that they were involved in. They also gain an additional network for their social life and most importantly, they will have the money they need derived from their own hard work.


In my opinion, having a part time job in college is not a priority. Focusing on studies instead is. Unless absolutely necessary, for example if the student is on his own having to earn money for his needs, I believe that having a part time job is a great distraction from education and will slowly but surely take a toll on the student's health. First of all, having a part time job takes away one's time for study and rest. How would a day in the life of a college student with a part time job be like? I 'm quite sure it is similar to a varsity player's. The student would go to school, eat, go to work, finish requirements and before he knows it, the day's up. He'll go to school again with only a few hours of sleep and not be able to concentrate in the discussions. Even while working, he will not be able to perform well. Even if he can, he would still be worried and stressed out about school and the work load given by his proffessors. By simply having a part time job, he puts his education at risk when in fact, his education is what will get him a good job in the future. Although having a part time job forces the student to be responsible, to learn time management and to work quickly and efficiently given a short period of time and at the same time enables the student to earn money, that path will be extremely tough. He will need a brain fully rested, not sleep deprived. He will have to sacrifice a number of things. He will be going through a lot already even as a student. It would be physically, mentally and emotionally better if college students do not have prioritize having part time jobs just yet.


All over the globe, even quality education has its price. It leaves us with the question, Do College students need part time jobs in order to cope up with the expenses they will incur? In my opinion, it is better for the child to focus more on his studies. It is the parental responsibility of the parents to provide enough funds for their children who are studying in universities. It is their job to ensure that the child will be able to have enough money to cover his total expenses. It is the responsibility then of the student to do well in school for him to repay his parents hard works. Instead of getting a part time job, it is better if the child will save up his excess allowance for him to be able to help his parents in small acts. A child studies for him to acquire enough skills and training before facing the real world with confidence and knowledge. If the child will have a part time job, the child's time will then be divided which gives him less time for focusing on his studies. If the child gives his undivided attention to his studies, he will be more able to acquire more expertise. It would be more beneficial for the child to render his time fully to his studies for him to gain enough preparation. Also through not having part time jobs, it will lessen the burden and stress that school has already given on the child. So personally, having a part time job does have its pro which gaining money and real life experience but it also gives way for the child to have lesser time for his studies and perhaps later lose focus on it.


Part time job is important to those people who have insufficient needs in their families. This is important especially to the students because tuition fees in college continue to grow. Part time job is a big help to those students who are facing financial problems within their families. Students can afford to pay their tuition fees by earning money from their part time jobs. This is also a way to help their families. Being on a part time job is hard especially on organizing a student's schedule. According to television news last 2010, half of the college graduates are working students and every year it increase which means that working students have a greater number for this year. Part time job is also important because it helps gain knowledge and experience to the students. It is a big help for their future jobs. They might get into circumstances that they'll be able to handle because they have already experienced it. They can easily adapt to the job they're into. On the other hand, they can also apply the course that they're taking and what they understand about their course to their job. These are just some of the advantages of students having a part time job. By doing this, hard work is needed and this hard work bears to a better life. Education is very important to a person. It is a basic requirement to have a good job in the future. This leads to successful life.


In a fast paced business world, breakthroughs in improving work opportunities and time has been continuously making the lives of people easier. Improvements in part time jobs are one of the best innovations that companies are trying to use right now. Time that workers can spend at home or doing other important tasks has been greatly increased. That is why I agree that it is important for college students to have part time jobs. Part time jobs, especially of this time, help college students to become independent. Sometimes, to be able to get into a good university, a student would have to pay exorbitant amounts (tuition fees, books, etc. ). There are even students who choose to stay in dormitories, which of course they also have to pay for. What part time jobs do for them is give them a source of income to suffice these needs at the same time have time for studying. Moreover, it helps students get into these good universities even if their parents could not compensate for these expensive fees precisely because they have another source of income. Famous part time jobs include working in a call centre. If you think about it, call centres work 24 7. Students would be able to tailor fit their schedules in college with their work in these types of businesses. This means that their work does not interfere with their college education, which in the future would bring them more success. More than that, this helps create the notion that you are an experienced employee in your resume. In conclusion, this helps college students in getting better opportunities in college. They would be able to maximize their time and income. That is why part time jobs, in all respects, is important in giving students the best quality education out there.


College life really has a lot of stuff going on. There are exams, homeworks, projects, papers and exams once again. Having in mind that this very stage in our lives will, in one way or another, be very determining of our future somehow pressures students to put in extra effort. It certainly is one important part of our development as it trains towards the career we desire. But apart from that, it also trains us to be independent and resourceful individuals of service. That is why getting into part time jobs could also be very beneficial at this point. College students are encouraged to get involved into part time jobs since these can provide some experience in the working arena. It would be conducive for graduate students who are transitioning from student life to the working world. They would know what to expect out there. Apart from that, these jobs and experiences can train students to handle bigger responsibilities. Sure, college loads us with enough of them. However, these part time jobs provide trainings that are a step further from what college and schooling offers for they train you to handle responsibilities in which not only your own interest is on the line. In college, we are trained to comply to the professor's requirements and adhere to the school's regulations. On the other hand, part time jobs will train students to comply to the general public's expectations and adhere to the regulations of the bigger community. These jobs ' benefits, however, are not limited to the development and training they can offer. Indeed, part time jobs are very beneficial to students. Besides, wouldn't it be nice and rewarding to receive money out of something you sowed yourself and not having to rely on your parents ' allowance all the time?


Do students need a part time job? Yes, I think so. This will not only help them financially but also personally. The material benefit of having a part time job is money. The money earned through this journey will help in paying for the tuition, rent, and other financial needs of the student. This is the material benefit, but what about the personal benefit? Through working hard, students become more responsible with their money, and their personality. Students don't want to spend their hard earned money on useless things, so they'll become wiser on how they spend their money. How about the personality? Through working with other colleagues or customers they become more socially capable. It will help them in the future when they are looking for a read job. It would prepare them for the real world will throw at them. However, having part time jobs will also have its flaws. The time does it start? This can affect the academics of the student. Is it safe? Different jobs may also have some risk in it. However, this can be avoided if you pick a proper job and a safe place to work in. I short jobs may seem boring and tiring, but it will pay it's weigh in gold. Wouldn't it better if you can buy your own things with your hard earned money? That feeling of working hard to buy your own things gives you a sense of achievement. This motivation will drive you forward; it will give you more motivation to work harder. Will this make me a better person? Yes, it would. It will be like a new you. You will be more productive. You will take the initiative.


A part time job may or may not be important for college students. It may be essential to be employed as part timers for those who belong to a family who are unable pay the required tuition fee and other expenses. The job is important to enable them to continue their college education and to improve their life in the future. A part time job can provide the student with an experience that may enhance social and personal skills. Some job may also be related to the course being taken by the student, for example, a 2nd year tourism student who is working as a part time receptionist in a travel agency. A lot of learning opportunities outside the classroom may be learned by having a part time job. On the other side, for students who have parents and benefactors who can provide all the financial support needed to attain a degree, a part time job is not important because being a student is a full time job that needs 100% of one's attention, time, effort and dedication. Part time job may cause the student's attention to be divided from his/her studies. It will also alter the regular schedule because it will be necessary for working students to select a schedule that will fit perfectly with his/her working shift. The job may also yield lesser time spent for reviewing and studying. Sleeping and resting period that is important for the student's overall well being, concentration and attentiveness may be greatly affected. Fatigue and additional stress can be expected by a working student. These disadvantages of having a part time job however may be overcome by the student's capabilities, values and attitudes so that working while studying may be possible.


Now that I've conquered one part of my life and entering a new one, one question strikes the minds of us, college students, should we work a part time job or not. Unlike some countries that working a part time job while in high school and/or college is normal, here in my country, it isn't. Hence I disagree to the point that college students should not work while studying in college because studying to have a better life out weights its country part of working while studying. While working during college is benefits both parent and student to lessen the load of money issues, it bring in cons such as pressure, time management, etc. For one thing, college is very important to everyone in our country and also to others, it is the starting point of his new life as an adult. But balancing both work and studies and a very difficult task that putting priorities might put one or both in devastating results such as getting kicked out or getting fired from that job. Also, pressure from your boss to finish all the required things to do at work and rushing back to study will be a very difficult task to do. As a student, it is important to prioritize studying over working because after studying, you will get a better job, pay and have more time to work than while studying. It is better for both student and his family for the student to just study and socialize than adding another factor in life which is work. Work might be a good option but it's not the best option for a college student, it will only open doors to many more problems. Hence I disagree that: It is important for college students to have a part time job.


