I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The basis that smoking should be completely banned is that the smoke produced from smokers are proven to be hazardous to health and it can be a nuisance to restaurant goers as smoking is a form of air pollution. Firstly, scientific studies have proven that second hand smoke   smoke produced from smoking   pose a bigger health threat than smoking itself because the smoke produced contains more carcinogens and unfiltered chemicals than what is inhaled by the smoker. Allowing smoking at restaurants would expose health threats to everyone especially more so for children and the elderly. Most restaurants are are conditioned and this makes it worse because there is no ventilation of the smoke produced and it is inevitable that restaurant goers would have to inhale and bear the smoke produced. Secondly, smoking is an air pollution and can disrupt restaurant goers from enjoying their meal and company. Most restaurant goers would simply want to enjoy the ambience of the restaurant without having to deal with the unnecessary smoke or the unpleasant smell that smoking produces unless they are smokers themselves. For the greater public good, smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country as restaurants should be respected as public places equivalent to hospitals, schools and airports where the smoking ban has already been imposed. Also, it is not completely unreasonable to ban smoking completely at restaurants because there are other more suitable and appropriate areas for smokers to smoke. 

Applying the Utilitarian perspective, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. This is because there is overall harm if smoking is not prohibited. Smoking produces a foul smell that some people dislike. Consumers will not wish to dine in an environment that is uncomfortable. Furthermore, not only is smoking harmful to the smoker, it causes more damages to the people around them. Second hand smokers have a higher probability of contracting lung disease. While some may argue that this is only likely if the person is exposed to second hand smoke for a long period of time, if smoking is not completely banned, consumers are likely to encounter smokers meal after meal. This will then be detrimental to their health. Consumers include children and elderly and this can cause more damages to them. In addition, if smoking is not banned by law, restaurant owners can face difficulty in declining to offer service to smokers. Consumers may be deterred from entering the restaurant and hence causing the restaurants to suffer losses. These disadvantages of allowing smoking in restaurants outweigh the advantages. If smoking is not completely banned, smokers will be able to exercise freedom in enjoying their puff of smoke. This will be in accordance to the human rights. In conclusion, given that it is more beneficial to ban smoking, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 

As we all know, smoking is bad for health and even if it is shown in many advertisement, campaigns and even on cigarettes boxes, not many people are paying attention to it. In fact, it has becoming more and more popular. Even though government has set up a smoking area at certain part of a location, certain restaurants are also providing a smoking area for their customers so that they will be able to smoke and at the same time contributing to the sales. Therefore, it does not just benefit the smokers by providing convenience but also to restaurant s sales. Smoking is a bad habit of humanity, it does not just hurt the smoker himself but also to the surrounding people who might end up being a second hand smoker. Smoking should be banned in all restaurants because if restaurants provide smoking area services, it will tend to attract more smokers to patronize their restaurant thus, hurting themselves even more and also to the public who might got a chance in being a second hand smoker. Gradually, smokers tend to depend on smoking even more and non smoker might get influence and join them and it will become a serious problem in the near future. In conclusion, taking everything into consideration, smoking should be banned in all restaurant in the country. 

Having friends who smoke, I believe that it is okay for the restaurants to allow smoking. However, they should put a boundary to draw a line in between the smoking and non smoking areas. This way, the smokes would not affect the non smoking customers. The smokers can also enjoy their dinner at the restaurants with their friends without having to bear with the pain of not being able to light a cigarette. However, the problem of the smoke lingering in the air condition restaurants is a cause of concern. The smoke may stay in the restaurant for a very long time and it will be very difficult for us to get rid of the smoke. Therefore, if the restaurants want to allow smoking, they should have a partition to separate the smoking and non smoking area. They should also make the smoking area non air condition so as to prevent the smoke from lingering in the air and causing air pollution. It will also affect the health of the workers who are there to deliver the food or clean the place, as they will be taking in second hand smoke. If the restaurant wants to legalize smoking, they should be considerate to the non smokers who want to enjoy a peaceful dinner with their dates. 

I disagree with the statement. Although I am not a smoker, I have friends who are smokers and I empathize with their situation in Singapore, where there are many areas that are out of bounds to smokers. There are even fines if one smokes at bus stops or in other non smoking areas. Smoking in restaurants can affect many diners, especially if the smoke "interferes' with their consumption of food. I do agree that it can be uncomfortable for diners and perhaps even irritating. However, I argue that to completely ban smoking in all restaurants is unfair to smokers. There should be a smoking corner or a smoking room instead, which can greatly help smokers take a break and relax in between their meal times. This will definitely be more appreciated than to ban smoking in restaurants entirely. It also infringes on their right and freedom to smoke, which is ironical, especially in a country that promotes freedom and equality. Should the government want to completely ban smoking in a particular area, then why do they even allow the sale of cigarettes in the first place? It is this irony that exists in public places that create confusion and conflict among people, and smokers in particular. 

Smoking is bad for health. Smoking causes lung cancer. Smoking causes heart disease. Of course I know that. As if the hearty, overzealous anti smoking campaigns weren't doing enough to curb this unhealthy habit, they insidiously wove this schtick into the curriculum. Case in point: Biology class in Secondary 2. We learned how tiny smoke particles bind irreversibly with red and white blood cells, and are carried throughout the body, effectively spreading the harmful substances all over our body. Please, if I ever need a poignant reminder of aforementioned harmful effects, I would just buy a pack and stare at the tasteful illustrations of gangrenous tissue ravaged by years and years of chain smoking. But wait, what is inside the box  holy sh*t! Aha, what a shame it would be to see these twenty perfectly new and viable cigarettes go to waste. You see, no one talks about the other side effect of smoking. You feel good. No, I correct myself, you feel bloody good. It was as if a low rumble of euphoria washed over your entire being, not unlike the high from alcohol, except slower. It is also a great tool for socialization. Imagine petty little deviants like me all congregating in those stupid yellow boxes, packed like sardines, puffing away. Yup, the government has made it illegal to smoke freely in public places, except for those tiny yellow boxes demarcated "smoking corners". What the f*ck. As if we have no rights to speak of. Oh wait, this is Singapore. 

I think smoking is really a bad habit to be having. I have always hated the smell of smoke and detested walking behind people who were smoking as being a Singaporean student, we have always learnt about the negatives of being a passive smoker. More importantly, I feel very sad for each and every smoker was I walk pass them. I really hope that they would stop smoking as it is really harmful to their bodies. On top of them, they are unknowingly hurting everyone around them by making them passive smokers, or polluting the air. I hated it when I found out that my friends were smoking. I told them to stop but till today, I am not truly sure if they have stopped smoking. I really wish that they did. I do not see any positive about smoking actually, it wastes money as they are in fact really expensive and it does harm. I sincerely hope that in the future, less and less people will be smoking cigarettes. My father used to be a smoker according to my mother when he was in his younger days. Thankfully he stopped smoking before my parents got married. Since my father could stop in the past with no forms of rehabilitation of stop smoking campaigns, I feel that this generation smokers should have it easier by finding help to stop smoking. "If there is a will, there is a way" as quoted, hence I feel that it is important for us to all to continually encourage our love ones to stop smoking. 

Despite the fact that the media tells us that science has proven that smoking kills, smoking will make us ugly, smoking will only make us less appealing, many people still continue lighting up their cigarettes. However, what exactly has science proved? Scientists have never successfully proven that smoking leads to cancer, and cancer will kill us, therefore, smoking will kill us. It has only been a hypothesis, but we fail to understand that statistics do not postulate the truth to scientific theories. Consider the hypothesis: 80% of people who eat broccoli die of cancer. It seems very intuitive to say that broccoli causes cancer, which we realise to be a very absurd claim. What we fail to consider upon first glance is that the number of people who eat broccoli is very high, and this large group of people are as subjected to getting cancer as any other people due to all sorts of factors, be it genetics or anything else. It seems that practically anything around us can give us a diseases and kill us, including using our hand phones or drying our hands with the hand driers in public toilets. So, if smoking is what you enjoy, light up. 

I agree that bans on smoking should be placed on all restaurants. Smoking is detrimental to the health to the smoker himself and the people around him. Moreover, a large number of restaurants are within an enclosed space or building. For example, if smoking was allowed on McDonald's premises, then a lot of children would inhale second hand smoke and if it starts so young, it can cause lung cancer in the future. Also, bans are merely placed on all restaurants; it's not the entire country. Smokers can still have their puff after their meal. Surely they are not that addicted to smoking such that they can't spare a good 10 20 minutes for their meal. From the business perspective, I would have to segregate areas for smokers and non smokers as having a smoking area might play a part in deciding on where to dine. This is costly to the business either way. Without the smoking area, you might lose customers who are smokers. With the smoking area, you lose customers who don't appreciate the smoking. And just having two different areas, it costs more to have two different sections. E. g. Having an indoor and outdoor area. This means higher cost for a larger space as it's not possible to segregate 2 distinct areas in an enclosed place. But without the ban on the restaurants, you are able to sell the cigarettes which could boost sales. Overall, it's better not to be placed on restaurants. It benefits the general public and the smoker. 

In my opinion, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Singapore. The reason is that I feel smoking brings much harm to society, in the form of multiple diseases and health risks to both the smoker and the people inhaling second hand smoke. By banning smoking, we can cut down health care costs, because less people will fall sick from such smoke, therefore there is less strain on the national health care system. Banning smoking also allows all diners to eat in peace, such that their appetites are not ruined from inhaling poisonous smoke when they are eating at the same time. In my view I think that smoking is not a bad thing itself, if smokers know the risk to their health and they choose to do it. But the key thing that they should take note is that the smoke can possibly harm all the people that inhale the smoke, including his family that most probably sits closest to him. Therefore, by banning smoking, the law will actually help to protect his family members from health risks. In conclusion, I feel that smoking should be banned, simply because it is reasonable to not want to inhale second hand smoke, and as a non smoker, we should have the right and privilege to not inhale smoke. I value my health highly and do not wish to compromise on it. 

I base my argument on the fact that scientific studies have shown that smoke from cigarettes cause a series of debilitating illnesses. In addition, people inhaling second hand smoke also suffer from these illnesses. Examples include heart disease, stroke, lung cancer, and so on. Thus, I argue that smoking should be completely banned. A person that exercises free will to smoke, even when he knows that smoking is harmful, may do so. However, his act should not affect the lives of others, which he cannot do so. Him smoking in a restaurant will lead to other patrons around him breathing in second hand smoke. Thus, even though these patrons take part in the ill effects of smoking, they had no agency in affecting the initial decision to smoke. Considering this, the rightful way should be to ban smoking in enclosed settings, where smoke necessarily is inhaled by others in close vicinity. Some may say that this violates the free will of people's choice of expression. To that, I retort that when one's free will violates that of others, especially when bodily harm is involved, such free will has to be revoked on a conditional basis. That is, he would not be totally banned from smoking. Only in certain areas, will he be forced to stop. 

I believe smoking is a bad habit that society can do without. There are no long term benefits to an individual who smokes. The short term "gains" of a high feeling from smoking are really not worth the price the individual has to pay. Firstly the cost of the cigarettes, which is very high in Singapore, is a financial burden to the individual. Then there is the harm smoking does to the individual's health such as bad teeth, gums and the life threatening lung cancer. Lastly, smoking does quite a fair bit of harm to the environment by contributing to air pollution. Unfortunately an absolute ban would not be an ideal solution. With the large number of smokers in a given society, a sudden absolute ban would cause more social harm than the benefits it tries to bring. The government would not be very popular in the eyes of the smokers, and the cigarette industry's economical benefits would not be reaped. I believe the key to reducing (eliminating may be too high a target) is education of the young. Before a smoker becomes a smoker, he would have been a non smoker first. It would be easier for non smokers to see clearly the harms of smoking before they taste the highly addictive feeling of smoking. Once they've had a taste and get hooked, it is very difficult for the individual to see that these harms are really bad enough to give up the good feeling the get from smoking. 

One reason is because smoking damages our health. Smoking increase the risk of lung cancer and is risk factor for others disease such as high blood pressure, angina and atherosclerosis. The damage can be even higher when the other person inhales the smoke that burn form the cigarette. This can happen in a restaurant if smoking is not banned because diner are often sitted close together. Another reason is because smoking can irritate the other person appetiate. Imagine that if a person next to your table is smoking while you are having your dinner in the restaurant, you would definitely feel uncomfortable as you be worried whether the dust from the smoke would goes to your food. However, some may think smoking should not be banned. One opposing reason is because they felt that people should have the freedom to choose what they want to do even in the restaurant. It is a person habit to smoke before and after eating the dinner. The restaurant should not restrict it. However, this reason is not valid as although the person should have freedom to choose what they want to do but they should not forgotten that they are cause others people discomfort though their action. This is what we should not do in a civilised country. 

Smoking is when tobacco is burnt and inhaled into one's body. There are many disadvantages to smoking. Smoking causes lung cancer. Smoking causes one to have bad breath and yellow tinted nails. Smoking is addictive and is a waste of money. The only reason why smokers continue to smoke despite this harmful effects is that smoking allows them to be high, and to feel good. this I feel, is outrageous, I do not see how getting lung cancer in the long run could make one feel good about themselves, and the people around them. This smoking behaviour which they deemed to be cool, is the most irresponsible behaviour one could ever have. All the smokers think about is those few minutes of feeling good from inhaling those nasty stuff down their lungs, and does not spare a thought for the people around them. I find smoking a complete waste of time and money. I do not agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As much as i wish they would be banned, this would cause unhappiness among the smokers. However i feel that smokers should only be allowed to smoke outdoor. By smoking indoor, they can cause others to breathe in unnecessary second hand smoke, which is very inconsiderate to other users. As much as i wish smoking could be banned across the country i understand that a far bit of tax revenue comes from ciggarette, however is it rightful of the government to generate tax this way? to generate tax at the expense of its citizens? i do not think so. for the health of every one in the country i feelthat smoking should be as illegal as how marijuana is. it is a drug as well, how is it less severe. 

No. I do not support the stand that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Restaurant is a closed air condition environment. It is a cozy place for family members, friends or couple and etc. to dine in comfortably enjoy the atmosphere and their food. Although it is not right to smoke inside, but at least the area outside the restaurant should be allowed. In clubs and bars, even though is air conditioned, but smoking is ironically not prohibited. Why? It is because friends, colleagues go there at night to relieve stress, to have fun and enjoy themselves. Same applies to restaurants, people go there to enjoy and fill their stomach. So I believe that closed air conditioned restaurants should also be allowed smoking. I have seen a lot of smokers went out far away to some open air environment to smoke as even the area outside the restaurant are not allowed to smoke. For restaurants which prohibited smoking may lose some customers as they would prefer to go to restaurants which allowed otherwise, as it is quite inconvenient to leave their food half eaten and go out to smoke. I personally do not smoke, but in my view i feel that smokers should also have their own space in the restaurant to smoke. 217 

I agree to a large extent that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are so many health hazards smoking can cost to not only the smoker him or herself but also people around them. A restaurant is for a place to eat and enjoy our food, however, with all the cigarette smells, it can also affect one's appetite. Secondly, innocent passive smokers causes even more harm compared to the first hand smokers. The exposure of these smoke or tobacco can cause several diseases like lung cancer and in some cases, even death, which shows that it is a potential hazard. These risks are not what the they wanted when they are dining in a restaurant. Thus, it should be banned in restaurants. Besides, doing so can advocate the potential risks of smoking. I find that if smoking were to be completely banned initially, it can arise certain objections. I suggest that there should be a smoking corner or room which is completely seperated from the non smokers diners who wants to simply enjoy their meals. And overtime, slowly increasing the number of restaurants that ban smoking. Thus, in conclusion, smoking should be completed banned at restaurants due to all the potential health risks posed to smokers and people around them. 

Smoking is a demerit good and therefore I agree that it should be banned in all restaurants island wide. Smoking in public has been a contentious issue for years and this has led to the government's initiative of banning the activity altogether in various public spaces. Smoking is harmful not only to the smoker but to innocent bystanders in the vicinity as well. Research has shown that passive smoking is equally or even more harmful than smoking itself. This is greatly unfair because people who value their health and therefore choose not to smoke, may still suffer the repercussions and ill effects of smoking just because the air has been polluted by a smoker nearby. By banning smoking in restaurants, non smoking customers who patronise eateries can have a smoke free meal as they should rightfully be able to enjoy. Smoking in restaurants should also be banned because it could be a potential fire hazard. Restaurants typically have table cloths and napkins that could easily catch fire should a smoker be careless with his cigarettes for even a split second. By banning smoking entirely from such places, the dangers of a fire breaking out are reduced. However, it is essential to note that smoking is a habitual activity and smokers simply are unable to stop as an when they are dictated to. If all public spaces ban smoking, smokers would have no choice but to resort to smoking at home which would be detrimental to their family members especially if they have young children at home. Therefore I believe that smoking in public should still be allowed as long as it is done in designated areas. Perhaps restaurants could allocate a smoking area for such purposes. 

 Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. A paying customer has the right to smoke at whichever restaurant he chooses to patronize. However, if his rights come into conflict with the comfort of another person within the restaurant, then it would be unfair for that man to smoke in the restaurant. This is a dilemma most restaurants would face, whether there is a need for the restaurant to open smoking rooms to cater to the needs of smokers who patronize them. Some restaurants do entertain smokers and have private rooms just for them. But how much smoke can the room actually take? Unless the restaurant opens a whole different segment or partitions the restaurant, non smoking customers would still inevitably be affected by the smoke. Some would argue that this judgement would be that of a non smoker and would deem this statement unfair, but smokers have their rights to smoke outside the restaurant as and when they desire. There is no need to disrupt the comforts of those who are eating in the restaurant. Especially if its air conditioned. Furthermore, it is evident that the smoking community in Singapore is of a minority as compared to non smoking individuals, leeway should be given to the majority group of non smokers and they should enjoy the non smoky environment which they have paid for in whichever respective restaurant. Smokers have the liberty to smoke outside the restaurant, and thus, do not receive the short end of the stick. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Firstly, as it will protect the general health of everyone in the country, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. According to the economics term, smoking is a negative externality. It has no benefit to anyone, not even the person who is smoking. In fact, smoking has been campaigned over and over by the government to have negative effects on the smoker and the people around him. It has been found that passive smoke is riskier to the people around the smoker than the person actually smoking the cigarette. This means that if there is one smoker in an air conditioned restaurant, all the other customers will suffer from the cigarette smoke more than the person smoking the cigarette. Therefore, it is vital to protect the health of its citizens and people of the country. Also, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because this banning can act as a deterrent to all the non smokers. If it is completely banned at all restaurants, then non smokers will know that if they were to start to smoke, then they will have no place to eat and smoke at the same time. This also shows them that the government is very serious about the issue of smoking and is taking measures to curb it. This will give the non smokers who are considering smoking a second thought. Therefore, I agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. 

Imagine yourself confined to an area with polluted air. You look at your food and it seems contaminated. You slowly munch on the contaminated food and it tastes awful. The surroundings are all filled with smoke dust and ashes. That was the exact scenario which happened to me when I was dining in a cafe in Europe. A Caucasian diner seated next to me lighted his cigarette and started puffing away. I was completely turned off because my food had subconsciously become poisonous to me. Therefore, I would vote for smoking to be completely banned at all the restaurants in Singapore. I believe every diner would like to enjoy the ambience, quality food and excellence service while paying top dollars at a restaurant. However if someone were to smoke in the restaurant, none of us would be able to indulge in that perfect dining experience. In addition, there is no need to discuss further about the negative and harmful impact of smoking on human health. Therefore, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants for the good of the public. Lastly, it is essential to get the message across to all visitors and tourists too. No doubt they might perceive Singapore as a "fine" city, then again, we are uniquely Singapore. 

In Singapore, there is relatively low tolerance of smoking in public avenues. There usually exists smoking and non smoking areas in places such as eateries, whereas shopping malls ban smoking altogether. Restaurants, on the other hand, are places of fine dining. Smoking is currently widely banned in restaurants in Singapore, with exceptions to certain open air restaurants. In my opinion, the smoke emitted from cigarettes overpowers the smell of food, and such sensory details matter to diners. It would hence be inappropriate to permit smoking in enclosed dining areas. Even if the restaurant is located outdoors, it is arguable that the smoke may diffuse and affect other diners' appetites. On the other side of the coin though, smokers may be extremely comfortable in the presence of smoke when dining, and even prefer such an environment over one without any smoke. In order to cater to both kinds of diners, smoking should not be completely banned in resutaurants here in Singapore. Instead, restaurants should make their stand on smoking clear to diners, and restaurants should be identified as "non smoking" or "pro smoking" restaurants. A dual system in restaurants is worth contemplating, but there must be a physical segregation to ensure that the smoke does not penetrate into the non smoking sections as consideration to the diners there. 

I agree to great extent that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Singapore. As there is non smoker using the same vicinity together with the smokers, everyone should be mindful on their shared spaces so that there is no disturbance causes to the people around. Smoking in places such as restaurants could pollute the air quality, which could causes uncomfortable experience to other users nearby. For instance, the effect of smoking restaurant which are mainly air conditioned space, it would tap the exhaust smoke from the smokers within the restaurant which give off unpleasant smells. This could affect those people who could possibility find it uncomfortable to be in a restaurants that fills with the smell of smoking. Nonetheless, it creates unhappiness of non smokers about the restaurant's environment and the dining experience will be greatly affected. There had been measures taken to manage this issues by the government, as they activity encourage smokers to smoke only at designated areas of the coffee shop or shopping malls. Therefore, this effort helps to reducing the contact between non smokers and smokers. Hence, it has creates a better air quality within shops and public spaces. However, it might have causes difficulties to smokers to smoke freely in anywhere they would wanted. In conclusion, we have to strive for a balance society whereby smoker and non smokers could harmoniously enjoy the use of common space such as restaurants. By providing specific venue for smoking and encourage understanding from smokers to accept the changes, thus it would build better air quality in our restaurants. 

Smoking is harmful to the human health. Smokers may not have the short term effect from the smoking, but they are often end up with coughing and lung cancers. Cigarettes contain nicotine, which has been shown to potentially modify our nervous system, and thus make us addicted. The tars, another chemical from the cigarettes, could accumulate in the lung, and render our respiratory system badly functional. Even the second hand smokers may suffer from diseases. The family members of a smoker tend to have lung problems as well in the long run. Singapore has enacted strict laws that ban the smoking in public area. The restaurants and hotels have prepared particular smoking area for the guests. Besides, the price of cigarettes in Singapore is quite high as compared to most other countries, which is another way to potentially stop the people from smoking. So, Singapore has done very well in regulating and controlling the population of smoking. The only benefit of the tobacco is the economic profit that it brings into the country. But overall, it potentially kills people and no other economic benefit could compensate this. So, my opinion is that the smoking should be banned in Singapore like all other drugs. Even the chewing gums could be prohibited by Singapore government, why not the much worse tabacco? 

According to the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, I fully agree. Everyone knows that smoking is bad for health and the problem that why youths pick up smoking is because of peer influence and they think that it is "cool". Banning smoking in more areas will tend to make smokers think twice before lighting up their cigarettes and makes youth to think twice if they want such a miserable life to always be finding for a place to smoke while their peers are hanging and chilling out at the restaurant whereby they are in a small corner smoking alone and missing out the fun. Ban smoking in restaurants will also make parents such as maybe the father or mother whom smokes but because of their kids love this particular restaurant, they will have to forgo their urge to smoke and slowly eventually quit smoking for good. Hence, banning smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country might be a good thing to curb the smokers' population and to create barriers to entry for the new smokers hence the population of smokers will decline and this will be a more well off social environment for the younger generations. 

I do feel that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Singapore since the government is encouraging smokers to quit smoking. Although it is up to ones' own rights as to decide whether they want to smoke, not banning of smoking in restaurants could result in more smokers continue to smoke. Since it is a public space, young children who are perceived as vulnerable, will follow the act of these smokers as the scenes of smokers smoking have been normalized. Furthermore, smoking in the public space could also cause harms to those who are non smokers. According to research study, harmful second hand smoke will cause more harm to non smokers than to smokers. This is quite unfair to non smokers. Also, smoking in restaurants could pollute the eating environment which in turns affect ones' dining experience as well as the taste of the food. If the government does not imposed stricter regulation on smokers in restaurants, the number of smokers might not decrease but in turn increase as the act of quiting smoking not only requires one's own effort but also those around them. If a smoker whom wants to quit smoking accidentally saw someone smoking, it will be hard for them to resist this temptation. Thus, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Singapore. 

Close your eyes and imagine walking into a restaurant that reeks of smoke; how would the restaurant look like? Without sight, our sense of hearing and smell heighten. Eating, is not just to satisfy our stomach, but an enjoyment. People pay to eat in restaurants, to enjoy the atmosphere, the food and the services. During dining, before the food is placed in front of you, you already know what is to be expected as the waiter walks out with the mouth watering plate of exquisiteness. The fragrance of the Rosemary roasted lamb soaked in expensive red wine would have done the job! Hence, it is important for all patrons to be able to soak in the moments with all their senses, and to do so, it would be necessary for smoking to be banned in all restaurants. It is widely known that smoking is detrimental to our health, especially to second hand smokers, which in this case would be the non smokers of the restaurant. However, for smoking to be banned in restaurants, it may be considered an outrageous move by many smokers. Some may argue, restaurants can simply separate smoking and non smoking areas to meet the needs of both groups. However, even with the smoking area, it is impossible to contain air particles in an enclosed area. Eventually, smoke will travel from the smoking area to non smoking area, making the set up of non smoking area obsolete. Hence, with smoking banned in restaurants, it will enable the patrons of the restaurant to enjoy the food thoroughly. Furthermore, this encourages smoking patrons to be able to taste the joy as well. Reports have shown that smoking dulls our sense of taste. Over long periods, smokers might be able to regain their sense of taste and start to appreciate food differently(with less smoking breaks and smoke)!

The law to ban or not ban smoking is a highly controversial topic among locals for many decades, and eventually, this is decided by the government based on their understanding of "negative externality", an economic term that explains the harm brought to a third party who is not the smoker himself or herself. Because of the greater harms it brings to society than benefits to individuals, I agree with the sentence above that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Most restaurant in Singapore are now air conditioned, and are dedicated to bringing good services to their customers. Therefore, smoking in the restaurant will cause severe problems of the smell of smoke being circulated in the air condition system over a long period of time. This will cause much irritation to the customers and bring about health hazard when customers inhale the smoke. The problem will be aggravated when customers inhale great amount of smoke in every restaurant over a long period, which can then cause more people getting lung cancer. Also, smoking is addictive and by placing a ban on it in restaurants, this can act as a deterrence for potential smokers who are afraid to break the law, as well as for regular smokers to cut down and eventually quit smoking, in order to fit into society better, since smoking essentially bring across the messages that it is wrong and unwanted. 

I disagree that smoking should be banned on all restaurants. I acknowledge the fact that smoking is not good for health and harms the smoker and the people around the smoker. In the long run, one can get lung cancer or adverse health conditions. To start off with, there are many people in the country that are smokers and are pretty much hooked on smoking. Should a ban be placed on all restaurants in the country, this will cause the smokers to feel offended and there could be protests and a lot of controversial talk about it. Eventually, the government would still have to give way, which is why they came up with the yellow box area whereby smokers are allowed to smoke. From a business standpoint, they should be allowed to decide for themselves what kind of business mix they would like to attract. Also, if the general public doesn't like it, they are able to decide for themselves whether they wish to dine with such a restaurant which allows smoking. Also, if smoking was such a huge issue that it should be banned in all restaurants, shouldn't it be banned in public? Or in a more extreme case, the entire country? The main reason behind why smoking should be banned should be considered before making any decisions. Either way, the non smokers or the smokers would get upset and at the end of the day, the government has to try their best to appease both sides. 

I do not agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country, at least not in the short term. I believe that all of us are aware of the dire consequences of smoking  that we are not only smoking our way into poverty but also into the grave. However, people do not smoke as a habit simply because they want to. Smoking is a chemical addiction  all smokers may have said yes to smoking once, but subsequent rounds of smoking are largely due to helplessness, which most smokers need time to overcome. To ban smoking at all restaurants completely will demonstrate our extreme unwillingness to give smokers the time that they need to overcome their addiction by out casting them, and that will be too extreme, because strength requires a huge amount of acceptance and time to cultivate. I recognize though, the many health concerns that come with passive smoking in itself, let alone passive smoking while eating. Most of us are unwilling to expose ourselves to unnecessary health risks. Therefore, smokers should be encouraged to wean their reliance off smoking gradually  and restaurants should aid smokers by phasing out the idea of "smoking" areas gradually, not immediately, and they can do so simply by decreasing the size of smoking areas overtime. Smoking is thought to be an act of unnecessary public nuisance, but banning smoking at all restaurants does not solve the problem  to stop allowing the sale of cigarettes will strengthen smokers will to wean themselves off smoking. The day when cigarettes cease to exist will be the day restaurants can effectively "get rid" of smokers anyway. 

I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all air conditioned restaurants in the country, but made optional for non air conditioned ones. Smoking has adverse health effects on both the smoker and the people surrounding the smoker. The third hand smoke can be equally, if not more, deadly. This is especially worse in an air conditioned restaurant as the smoke can be transmitted more readily. Considering the negative health consequences, it is only ethical to have a smoking ban imposed so as to protect the non smokers, especially young children and the elderly. It is important for a complete ban because if the ban is partial, some air conditioned restaurants may feel compelled to allow smoking in their bid to increase the number of smoking customers. This dilemma between earning more profits and protecting the health of non smokers would not exist if a complete ban is imposed. However, for non air conditioned restaurants, a smoking ban should be optional. This is because the transmission of cigarette smoke is less serious when fresh air is available. Instead of a smoking ban, the restaurant owner can consider a partition or reserved area for smoking customers. In doing so, the owner will be able to maintain the welfare of the non smokers while giving smokers the freedom to pursue their freedom. Another advantage of not imposing a ban in non air conditioned restaurants is that the government will not risk alienating smokers. If the ban applies to all restaurants, there is a high likelihood of this group feeling marginalised. This could result in protest behaviours, which can be dangerous to the economic and political stability and social fabric of the country. 

Yes, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. To frequent smokers or addicts, they could see this as an unreasonable demand given all the other restrictions that have already been placed on them. However, to ban smoking at all restaurants would bring greater benefits to the community and society as a whole and hence, it should be implemented. Smoking has negative effects on one's health as well as those who breathe in their second hand smoke. Statistics have shown that smoking is one of the main reasons for the high level of lung cancer. However, rather than for personal health, banning smoking from all restaurants would be for the benefit of the majority who would have to breathe in second hand smoke. Second hand smoke has been shown to be more harmful than smoking itself. As such, banning smoking at all restaurants would actually bring about more health benefits to the society as a whole and also bring down the possibility of people getting lung cancer. In addition, it is necessary that smoking be banned in restaurants, especially those that are often patronised by families. It is to set a good example to young children and teenagers that smoking should not be allowed. It is an unhealthy act that not only harms one's health but also the environment that we live in. Last, it reduces the risk of having a fire. If the cigarette is not put out, it could actually leave behind a risk for a possible fire to start as a restaurant would have all the gas cylinders as well as furniture that could catch fire easily. 

Smoking laws have always been a hotly debated topic in Singapore. It is true that smoking is detrimental to the health of the smoker and everyone around, but the smoker also argues that it is in his own right and freedom in which he choses to do what he wants. As smoking bans are popping up virtually everywhere in the country, smokers find it more and more difficult to find places where they can smoke, legally. This is actually the intended effect of the government     for smokers to smoke less/stop smoking because of the huge inconvenience factor. Referring to smoking bans in restaurant, I believe that following the general smoking ban requirements; all indoor restaurants should completely ban smoking. It is unfair for other guests to put up with the smoke and subject their health to risks simply because of other inconsiderate smokers. In fact, a large number of non smokers actually detest the smell of smoke. However, pertaining to individual rights, I believe that some outdoor restaurants could cordon off an area for smokers. This way, both sets of people have a right to do things which are of their interest. Therefore, I do not believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 

Yes I agree with the above statement. The first and foremost reason is because smoking is totally harmful to one's health and well being. When someone lights up a cigarette in the restaurant, the smoke that they puff out and either linger in the air or travel around the room is known as second hand smoking. Second hand smoking brings even much more disastrous effects and can be detrimental to one's health if they keep breathing the smoke in for a long period of time. Non smokers who patronized the restaurants just want to have a good time dining and chatting with their companions so they should not have to deal with the smokers who suddenly feel the need to light up. Everyone has been taught to respect one another, the most basic thing when we were younger. So I suggest if the smokers would like to smoke one or two cigarettes, they could respect the other diners and step out of the restaurant for that few minutes and smoke outside or at designated corners of an open air restaurant if there is one. It would also be a little disgusting if you were to find bits and pieces of cigarette smoke in your soup because a smoker from the table beside yours does not have the basic courtesy to step out for a little while for that puff. 

To achieve a milestone of having a smoke free environment and a healthier population, the country has imposed bans on several public places, including restaurants. Smokers are only allowed to smoke at demarcated areas in some restaurants where it would be prohibited elsewhere within the restaurant premises. Most restaurants also ban smoking within their entire premises. This is considerably attributed to take into consideration the non smokers who would not appreciate, feel unpleasant or even be irritated at the presence of cigarette smoke while they are consuming food and/or beverages in the restaurant. Besides being a health hazard, smoking in the restaurant could also pose a hygiene hazard if the food or beverage is contaminated with cigarette content while being consumed, even if the consumer is not smoking. Restaurants may not be willing to impose a smoking ban (unless the authorities say so) because it may drive some of their customers away from patronising them, since the smokers may be able to find alternatives where smoking is allowed within the premises (or a certain portion thereof). These will discourage restaurants from imposing a smoking ban, and instead encourage restaurants who allow smoking with potentially more customers. To really discourage smokers from smoking, smoking bans should become more stringent to include all restaurants in the country banning smoking. This should actually encourage smokers to quit smoking, instead of being succumbed to temptation by finding another spot where they are actually allowed to smoke. Eventually the country should aim for its people to lead a healthy lifestyle, which should have been the real purpose of banning smoking in so many public places. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because not only is smoking harmful to smokers themselves, it is also equally detrimental to second hand smokers in the restaurant. As most restaurants are indoor and air conditioned, the smoke will be contained in an enclosed area. The smell of smoke would be overpowering in the restaurants and that would definitely put off the non  smokers who are dining there. Also, banning smoking at all restaurants in the country is a good way to show that the country emphasizes the importance of public health. This ban protects non smokers from taking in second hand smoke at public areas such as restaurants and minimizes the exposure. Smoking is known to bring about detrimental effects such as respiratory problems, increased chances of getting lung cancer and many other health issues. Banning smoking at restaurants reflects that the government wants to raise the awareness of smoking and discourage smokers. Additionally, smoking ban will help to increase the indoor air quality in the country and proper ventilation can be maintained. Even though the ban might result in loss of business in the restaurants, I believe that such a large scale and nation wide movement will allow the pros to outweigh the cons in the long run. 

Currently most public places had banned smoking by law. The only areas for smokers to smoke are in the "yellow box" or the "smoking cubicle". This is a good decision make by the government as it shows that the government are aware of the health implications on the general public and are taking action to protect them. It will be good to have a complete ban of smoking in restaurants as it will allow the customers to have clean air. Even with the smoking cubicle that is isolated from the main area, the smoke can still travel to the main area since air cannot be controlled. The residue left by the cigarette is dirty and make the place looks unsightly. Smoking will affect the hygiene of the restaurants too. As explained earlier, the residue is very dirty. If customers see the residue on many parts of the floors in the restaurants, it will give n impression that the owners did not clean the place and will defiantly affect the experience felt by the customers. Therefore, smoking should be banned in all restaurants. It will cause inconvenient to the smokers; i believe they will understand when they understand the reasons behind it. The public will benefit the most from such as ban. 

To completely ban smoking in every restaurants in the country is a na?ve idea since it will be met with many oppositions from the smokers. It may be ideal for the society if this can be achieved but this is most likely agreed to only by non smokers. As a non smoker, I agree that smoking by other people causes disturbance as the air feels suffocating with a smoker nearby. However, since smoking is a kind of relaxation activity or even a need for most smoker, I do not think that it is fair to remove the rights for someone to do something if it does not cause direct harm on another. With that said, smokers should be considerate enough to not smoke in enclosed areas since the discomfort on the non smokers is amplified. The ban of smoking in air conditioned areas is a more feasible and ideal one where smokers are still able to smoke when they are in open areas and non smokers do not have to worry about the quality of air when they are in enclosed areas. Instead of banning smoking in every restaurant, another more effective way to tackle this issue is perhaps to discourage smoking by organising campaigns to encourage people to quit smoking. 

Being a strong advocator of staying anti smoke free and one who definitely detests the reek of cigarette smell in my hair, I definitely agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Firstly, I always wonder what is behind the rationale of allowing a smoking section, especially in an air conditioned restaurant. It is of course common knowledge that smell of smoke diffuses and surely do not only stay within the smoking section. While I understand that restaurants are interested in attracting and earning the bucks of even customers who are smokers, it remains absurd as the separation of smokers from non smokers does not make any difference to people who detest the smell of cigarettes or who suffer from respiratory diseases. Phrased in another way perhaps, I argue that allowing smoking in a restaurant would surely chase non smoker customers who dislike the smell of cigarettes away. Restaurants with smoking sections are thus strongly encouraged to make a brave switch to the complete banning of smoking in restaurants in order to protect the well being of a significant proportion of its customers. Singapore has done an excellent job so far, with banning of smoking in air conditioned places and in public areas near crowded places such as the hawker centres or bus stop etc. 

Yes, I agree. Smoking has been proven to be detrimental to health. It potentially causes lung cancer, as well as more immediate and visible symptoms such as yellowing of one's teeth. Furthermore, second hand smoking is worse for health     these people are not used to the smoke, and this has been proven to be worse for their bodies. Singapore has taken many measures to limit smoking     for one, they mark up the prices of cigarettes, such that it is very costly to maintain the habit of smoking, in an effort to deter people from smoking. For two, they print gory graphics on the cigarettes' boxes, to warn smokers of the harmful effects of smoking. For three, they have increased the ban of smoking in most places, limiting it to only open area carparks, amongst other places. I feel that other countries should follow Singapore's lead, because this would be overall beneficial to the population. Firstly, the individuals are at lesser risk of the health side effects of smoking. Secondly, this would gradually lead to cleaner air     smokers do not have to add to the already polluted air, caused by motor emissions. Thirdly, there would be less litter, because there would be less cigarette butts casually disposed off, by inconsiderate smokers. 

Smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking is a bad habit, it causes many forms of cancer, particularly lung cancer. It has also bad effects on the other parts of the body leading to other killer diseases like heart attack and stroke due to clotting arteries and thinning of the arterioles. And COPD at the later stages of life requiring a ventilator to breathe. Resturants are however welcoming this as customers are always right and they would like a place where they can eat and drink without any restictions. They would pay regardless how others sees them. However there are some reasons why the restaurants should ban so as to up their standards. The ash from cigarettes can fly onto someone else food and this causes a commotion where people would not want to visit again. The smoke produced lingers and spoils the next customer's mood as they cannot enjoy the food. Burn marks on tables and chairs means the restaurant needs to change it's furniture frequently and any burning ash could cause a fire and more financial loss to the restaurant. In conclusion, Restaurants should play part by preventing smokers to smoke inside and hope that by doing so it would give a moment of thought for smokers to quit so as to enjoy the time spent with their friends. 

I feel strongly that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. Much as I empathize with smokers, the act of smoking concerns affects not just the smoker but also those around him. Taking into account that restaurants are public places with patrons from different walks of life and different age groups, smoking should be banned. Firstly, the act of smoking produces toxic gases which are detrimental to health. Research has shown that people do die from second hand smoking, that is, inhaling the smoke of cigarettes though they themselves are non smokers. In addition, it may cause discomfort to others who may not like the smell of cigarette smoke. These negative influences that smoking has on the health of others support my stand that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. In Singapore, non smoking areas and smoking areas are clearly marked out to cater to smokers and non smokers. However, such an effort is insufficient as smoke may eventually still go over to the non smoking areas. The best solution would be to ban smoking entirely at dining areas. Besides the health effects of smoking, there may be other consequences too. Restaurants serve food to its customers, and the ash from the cigarette smoke may contaminate the food. Food hygiene could thus be potentially compromised. Nevertheless, I do understand that it is tempting for smokers to have a cigarette after a meal. They could always excuse themselves from the restaurant and smoke elsewhere. There is no need to allow smoking in restaurants to cater to their needs at the expense of other non smokers. In all, smoking should be banned in all restaurants due to the unpleasant effects it brings to non smokers. The welfare of non smokers should not be compromised for the convenience of smokers. 

I strongly believe that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants. Firstly, smoking brings with it many harmful carcinogenic affects, among other health issues, not only for the smokers themselves, but also to those around them, otherwise known as second hand smokers. I feel that smoking is a very inconsiderate activity, especially in public places, as smokers tend to smoke wherever they please. However, others may be averse to smoke and laws that ban smoking in a public place like restaurants would help to protect the interests of those who do not smoke. Smoking in a confined place like restaurants intensifies the negative effects that second hand smoke can bring, because if the restaurant is air conditioned, the air within the establishment is actually recycled and may not be purified. This way, the harmful chemicals from the smoke are retained in the air in the restaurant. Second hand smoke has been proven to be even more harmful than first hand smoke after it has been taken in and released by the body. Hence, the retention of the second hand smoke in restaurants would be even more harmful as the chemicals are not only retained, but also accumulated over time. If nothing is done to remove the chemicals from the air or to remove the stale air from the restaurant, future patrons may be aversely affected by the chemicals, though they may not even smell the smoke. Hence I feel that smoking should be banned in restaurants to protect the public good, as in Singapore, where smoking is banned in enclosed, air conditioned spaces. Smokers should smoke only in specific, delineated areas. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. Smoking is not just bad for the smoker but also those around them. By allowing smokers to smoke in the restaurant, those non smoker patrons will become victims of second hand smoke. Also it will leave a stench in the restaurant which would be rather unpleasant for customers to consume the food. Furthermore, there might be a possibility of those smokers not throwing the unwanted used cigarettes into the cigarette dish but elsewhere which might cause a fire incident. Nowadays, many people in Singapore are quite health conscious. They also have been educated about the harmful results of second hand smoking. No one would like to be "kill" by those smokers in early age. If they see someone smoking in the restaurant, they might not want to dine in the restaurant. They would rather go other restaurant or food store. The restaurant would then definitely incur a loss. Which owner will like to see their business suffer losses? None will. Also by allowing people to smoke in restaurant, it will just encourage those smokers to continue to smoke. However, it is the other way round that should be encourage     stop smoking. Therefore for the sake of majority innocent people and its own business as well, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Singapore. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Personally, I have a great dislike for the smell of smoke. However, even if we look at this issue objectively, it has many reasons to why it should be completely banned. Firstly, the harm of taking in second hand smoke by unwilling non smoker is the main reason. Taking in second hand smoke harms the lung of people who are not willing and yet are suffering it. Besides the health issue, the environment that customers wish to enjoy while dining will be destroyed as well. No customer who is a non smoker will like to bear the "smoky" environment. Furthermore, they are paying for it as a customer. Secondly, being a restaurant, it will be an enclosed area which smoking will result an environment that will be not enjoyable for customer. This is unlike coffee shop which is open area and a smoker's corner can be designated smoker. Even though some restaurants have open areas, I will like to discourage designating a smoker's corner because this method may not be very useful. This is because there is still a possibility that the smoke generated from smoking can enter the enclosed dinning area. 

I agree to a certain extent. Smoking is not only bad for health which leads to heart disease and cancer, it also affects the environment. By banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country, it will bring an advantage to the non smokers and a disadvantage to the smokers. The advantage is that it will reduce the generation of secondhand smoke by smokers and enable non smoking diners to dine at ease without having to inhale the secondhand smoke. The disadvantage is that there will be less public places for smokers to smoke and hopefully it will reduce their frequency of smoking eventually. If there is no complete banning, some inconsiderate smokers will smoke at their tables for the sake of convenience while some considerate smokers will go outside the restaurant and find a place to smoke. However, nobody should restrict where smokers may smoke as they have their own rights and freedoms. It is not their fault for choosing to smoke as they have their own choices despite knowing the harmful effects of smoking. They may smoke anywhere as long as they do not affect non smokers. Some non smokers are very particular about secondhand smoke as they know the harmful effects of it while some non smokers are nonchalant about it. 

Smoking is increasingly known to have strong associations with various forms of disease, such as lung and oral cancer. With much evidence pointing to the detrimental effects of smoking, there has been heated debate over the feasibility of a complete ban on smoking in the country. In my opinion, given the multitude of ill effects of smoking, smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. Naysayers to this idea would probably argue that a complete ban would lead to growing discontent among the local community, and may even result in physical displays of opposition in the form of strikes. This is a possibility that must not be overlooked. Acknowledging the gravity of an immediate and complete ban on smoking, it is perceivably wiser to gradually effect the smoking ban through many stages. With the aim of being smoke free in mind, a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants could encourage other food and beverage outlets such as food courts and hawker centres to implement similar measures. Using the analogy of a ripple, a small but significant localized change can bring about an even larger positive outcome over time. As such, it is imperative that restaurants move towards a complete ban on smoking if we are to move towards a smoke free environment as a nation. 

It is common knowledge that smoking is detrimental to health. Although smoking is a personal choice, it can become a public affair especially when the smoke is inhaled as second hand smoke, which is equally harmful as smoking directly. This reason in itself is substantial enough to call for a ban of smoking in public areas. In Singapore, the prohibition of smoking has gradually been extended from hawker centers to void decks. However, there still remain areas that the law does not cover. One of these areas is the bus stop, especially when it is crowded, one person smoking can easily cause irritation to all the other people waiting for the bus. Of course, one may say that it is unethical to ban smoking in public places. After all, smoking is a personal choice, and by placing a ban, it is tantamount to infringing upon the personal rights of that person. However, it must be noted that in this case, the right of choosing to smoke is not infringed. The smoker still can smoke; just that he is limited to smoking only on his own property. Smoking in restaurants not only causes health hazards, but also poses a risk to the cleanliness of the food served as well as the general ambience of the restaurant. Surely no one wants to eat in a restaurant that has smoke all round? Thus, it is not unethical to ban smoking in restaurants. In fact, it is ethical, because only then can the good of the majority by maximized. 

I agree that smoking should be banned in restaurants. Patrons of restaurants consist of family members of all ages, from toddlers to elderly folks on a regular basis. It is also a known health fact that second hand smoke is more fatal and detrimental than first hand smoke. Hence, the smoker in the restaurant would only bring harm to the most vulnerable in the population. Both the toddlers and the elderly have particularly sensitive and weak respiratory systems that are easily agitated by the smoke that is produced. Apart from the health hazards, smoking in itself makes the restaurant an unpleasant place to dine in comfortably. Not only does it make the place smoky, the smell of the smoke in itself is intolerable for most if not all of the young and old people who patronize the restaurants. Also, the fact that the restaurants customers include teenagers and youths would also support the stance that smoking should be banned in restaurants. Smokers pose as a negative influence for the teenagers and youths who are around them. Youths, being at a stage where their self identity is formed through the molding by their surroundings, risk being taught that smoking at the dinner table should be tolerable. 

Smoking has been found to greatly increase the chance of getting lung cancer and various other dangerous diseases. But this is the smokers' problems themselves. Second hand smoke, on the other hand, can be dangerous to other people around them. Second hand smoke is often more dangerous than smoking itself, and it can harm other innocent people. There are countless articles on the dangers of second hand smoke, where innocent people around the smoker like their significant others or child often become sick when around the smoker for long periods of time. The smoke emitted is also extremely bad smelling, and if smoking in restaurants are not banned, it may decrease the enjoyment of other customers with their experience in the restaurant. However, I recognize some people need to smoke, either as a tool to relax, or they are just so addicted to the disgusting nicotine in the cigarettes that they cannot stop. Thus, instead of completely banning smoking in restaurants, there should be specified non smoking and smoking areas in the restaurant itself. This should be in an extremely secluded area where smoking will not impede on the enjoyment of other non smoking restaurant goers. All in all, restaurants should not completely ban smoking, but have areas for both smokers and non smokers. 

I disagree with this statement. While the harms of smoking and passive smoking are widely known, I believe that ultimately, smoking is still an individual's right. Just as how an individual has the freedom of speech, thought, conscience and religion, I believe that smoking is a personal lifestyle choice. At times, one's speech, thought, and religion may seemingly offend others, yet we do not see the government imposing a ban on that. For example, Christians are legally allowed to evangelize on the streets of most countries, though some members of the community find that terribly insulting to their own religious faiths and beliefs. In the same way, smoking should thus be allowed even though it may cause harm to others in the form of passive smoking, because I think that one's right should not be infringed just for the sake of another's. That being said, the harms of passive smoking is real and should be avoided, if necessary. After all, it is unfair that the public has to be subjected to taking in smoke passively and having their health negatively affected, just because of those who smoke. However, this does not have to be done through a complete ban of smoking in restaurants. At present, there are many restaurants who have non smoking and smoking areas for the respective groups of people. I feel that this is sufficient to prevent passive smoking and the best way to please both parties. Hence, a complete ban is unnecessary and will only cause an uproar among smokers at best. 

Smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants but partially banned. Banning smoking at restaurants is advisable as passive smokers will not be affected. These passive smokers suffer the same ill effects of smoking as those who themselves smoke. In addition, this ensures that no cigarette particles will drop into the food. Cleaners also have less work in cleaning up cigarette buds of inconsiderate smokers who litter. With a smoking ban, children will not learn from these smokers and hopefully be a form of prevention to smoking in more people. However, a complete ban may have an impact on the earnings of these restaurants, especially those who operate late in the night. Smokers, although a small percentage of the population, do bring business to restaurants. These smokers have the freedom to smoke as and when they like while eating out and a complete ban will deter them from patronising these restaurants. Restaurants which open late into night often attract smokers who stay out late to drink and chat with friends. A complete ban of smoking will have a large enough effect on the income of these restaurants. While a ban of smoking at restaurants is welcome, a complete ban will affect the income of the restaurant. Hence, cordoning off a portion of the restaurant specially for smokers is encouraged. 

I agree to this statement to a large extent. The harmful effects of smoking have been pronounced significantly and non smokers should not be bearing such ill effects while dining in the local restaurants. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in the country. There are situations in which smoking can be allowed in restaurants. For example, some restaurants have cordoned off a certain area, usually outdoors, just to cater to smokers and this separation allows smokers to have their meals while smoking, while the rest can have their meals away from the smokers in the air conditioned settings. On the other hand, smoking actually produces second hand smoke which can be extremely uncomfortable to non smokers. Therefore, since the purpose of restaurants is to provide customers with a nice environment to consume their meals, smoking should not be allowed as it causes discomfort to those who are dining. In addition, there are alternative places in which smokers can take a puff in the midst having a meal. They can move away from the restaurant and return after they have finished smoking. These alternatives provide a case where smoking should be banned in restaurants, since the non smokers would benefit that there are no smokers to disturb their meals while smokers are still able to smoke, albeit away from their meals. 

I agree with this statement to a large extent. Nowadays most, if not all restaurants are air conditioned. If smoking is allowed inside then the whole restaurant will smell and those people who do not smoke will suffer. Smoking is bad for health; even the government has anti smoking campaigns set up and help hotlines to aid people who want to quit smoking. It is said that non smokers who breathe in second hand smoke have a higher chance of getting cancer compared to smokers themselves. Since smoking and breathing in the smoke is so unhealthy, the government must do whatever it can to help those who do not smoke and also try to reduce the number of people lighting up cigarettes. Restaurants should completely ban smoking so as to inconvenience the smokers whenever they feel like puffing and they have to finish their food then go outside for a puff. If they are allowed to smoke inside the restaurant, it will be so convenient for them and the smokers will not think twice about lighting up a cigarette. They will stay longer in the restaurant and some may smoke more than one cigarette during the meal. Non smokers will have to bear with the smoke and end up with having the smell on their clothes and hair which may be irritating to some. 

Yes, I strongly agree with this statement. Smoking destroys the ambience of the restaurant and the dining experience. Imagine trying to enjoy a meal in a high class and polished restaurant with cigarette smoke wafting all around. The image just does not match! Firstly the smell of cigarette smoke is unpleasant and this interferes with the diners' tasting of the food. As we all know, the senses of smell and taste are strongly linked together and one does not work as well without the other. This is the reason why we cannot seem to enjoy our food as much when our nose is blocked as we cannot smell the food. Similarly, since the smell of smoke overpowers the smell of food, diners will be unable to enjoy their food as much. Thus, if restaurants want to enhance the dining experience for the diners, they should ban smoking in their restaurants. Secondly, smoking is bad for health. Notwithstanding the personal health detriments that smoking brings, it also adversely affects the health of other people. This is not fair to the non smokers because they did not choose to breathe in second hand smoke. Allowing smoking also does not align with the image of health conscious and organic restaurants. Thus, for the better health of the diners, smoking should be banned at all restaurants. 

Smoking has been around for ages. Although considered unhealthy in theory, many individuals still choose to smoke. This is similar to many products such as alcohol and narcotics. Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants because the emission of second hand smoke is detrimental to other people nearby. In fact the act of taking in second hand smoke is almost as bad as smoking the cigarette directly. For people that detest smoking, the smell that lingers on even after the cigarette is snuffed can be unpleasant when visiting the restaurant. The dust particles that come from smoking can also make the air dirty and possibly contaminate the food. These harmful effects are magnified with the young as well as the elderly. However, to ban smoking in all the restaurants in the country might be too extreme. Certain pubs would be frowned upon if smoking were banned. This is because social norms have already been established and breaking it might encounter huge resistance. Furthermore if it was done with people that do not mind smoking, the effects are less negative. In conclusion, a consensus is first needed to establish designated areas. Perhaps timeframes and areas could be put in place to guide the public on smoking in restaurants. Nevertheless its still important for the public to be educated on the actual effects of smoking as an ultimate goal. 

I disagree with the above statement. Smoking should not be banned in all restaurants as it is a personal right that smokers be allowed to do as they wish, as long as they are not negatively affecting others excessively. Non smokers may argue that smoking produces negative externalities. This means that although they themselves are not smoking, they are forced to breathe in the second hand cigarette smoke that smokers exhale, which is harmful to their health. They are suffering at the expense of the smokers, and because of this, they might propose for smoking to be banned at all restaurants. Even though restaurants in Singapore have allocated smoking areas, non smokers often complain that the cigarette smoke travels to other areas. However, this argument is not valid as if smoking were to be banned in all restaurants, it would be fair to ban families with babies from dining at all restaurant too. This is because babies that cry create negative externalities, by disturbing tables nearby with the noise. Similarly, it would also be fair to ban someone with body odour from the restaurant s, as he or she would be causing others to suffer for no reason. Thus, we cannot ban smoking in all restaurants as if we were to do so, we would have to ban anyone who causes inconvenience to other diners, and this would create an non exhaustive list of offenders. 

Smoking is generally deemed to be a social vice by many. The issue of whether smoking should be made illegal in food establishments is debatable. While the majority     non smokers     would welcome this move due to its benefits of reducing air pollution and lowering health related problems, smokers would frown upon this decision as it would cause severe inconveniences to them. This essay shall attempt to illustrate that while smoking should be banned at restaurants, the management should take into consideration the plight of smokers and allocate a designated spot for them to take a puff. Smoking should be banned at restaurants as it would provide a cleaner environment for patrons. The absence of smoke in the air would greatly reduce the amount of pollution in the area, providing fresh air for customers. This would allow the majority of the customers, who are non smokers, to enjoy the ambience. Furthermore, the reduction of smoke particles in the atmosphere would reduce the risks of one contracting second hand smoking related diseases. Hence, banning of smoking reaps many benefits that supports the decision. Nonetheless, in doing so, smokers would be sapped of the freedom to smoke before, during or after a meal. This inconvenience may propel them to avoid eating as such establishments. Such a move would result in a loss of profits on the part of restaurant owners, affecting the economic well being of Singapore's food and beverage sector. Amidst the slow growth, a blow in the food and beverage sector could be detriment to the Singapore economy. In conclusion, while the health benefits accrued to banning of smoking is enticing, one must not neglect the financial drawbacks of such a decision. 275 words 

My view on this topic will be that of an extremist's. Firstly, I condone smoking     the negative effects on a smoker's health, the detrimental consequences on second hand smoke     and secondly, I detest inconsiderate behaviour. When a person smokes in public within reach of other people who do not smoke, this person brings a greater impact on the innocent bystanders. By this, I mean to place an emphasis on the fact that second hand smoke is more toxic than first hand smoke. Such people who smoke in the presence of others knowingly are plain selfish. It is a known fact that most restaurants are air conditioned. In such an environment, the smoke will be contained and its effects are amplified. This will definitely irritate other diners. Furthermore, should diners want to smoke, they should leave the premises and go somewhere else to smoke. Thereby not causing anguish to the other diners who paid to have a good meal. Next, some diners who smoke may argue that it is their "right" to smoke wherever they like, and whenever they like. However, my rebuttal to this is that the meal is such a short one; possibly an hour or more. So these smokers should be able to control their urge to smoke. If they really cannot resist taking a puff or two, they are certainly too addicted and should consult a doctor. By completely banning smoking at all restaurants, healthy living is promoted. Also, if smokers have fewer premises to light up their cigarettes, then they may have greater incentive to quit smoking     should they feel unwelcomed. 

Yes, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. In Singapore, most restaurants are air conditioned and the food does not come cheap either. As such, the people who patronize restaurants should be treated with respect and have the ability to enjoy their food peacefully in a smoke free environment. It is not reasonable for restaurant goers who do not smoke to eat their food in the presence of second hand smoke. Even if smokers are seated in a "smoking area", I am sure that the smoke still travels in the air and affects the non smoking diners. So I feel that smoking should be banned in all parts of the restaurants, in all restaurants in Singapore. Also, smoking has no benefits but only negative consequences. This occurs to both the smokers and passers by. By smoking, smokers will harm their lungs and bodies; also, cigarettes do not come by cheaply. Smokers spend their money wastefully. Also, innocent passers by are subjected to the second hand smoke which is in fact more poisonous than first hand smoke! It is not reasonable for non smokers to suffer from illnesses and diseases for just inhaling other people's smoke. To be fair, the people who wish to smoke before, after, or even in between a meal, should go outside of the restaurant and find someplace else to smoke. By banning smoking at a restaurant, one is not restricting smoking, but merely restricting the area that pertains smoking. Conclusively, I feel that banning smoking has more positive outcomes than negative, hence it is advisable to ban smoking at all restaurants in Singapore. 

Smoking refers to the lighting of cigarettes. Smoking should be completely banned because of its harmful effects on other diners who are more conscious of the detrimental effects of cigarette smoke than the smoker himself. Not only is cigarette smoke harmful to our health, it leaves an unpleasant smell on others around the smoker and may be irritating to other diners. This is an extremely inconsiderate behaviour of the smoker and thus smoking should be banned in restaurants. Moreover, lighting up in restaurants would deter other diners from dining there and thus, affect the business of the restuarants. As restaurants are family friendly venues, young diners would be affected by the smokers as they are more susceptible to negative influences around them. This would worsen the issue of younger smokers in the country which is already rather serious. Banning smoking will also deter the smokers themselves from lighting up, playing a significant role in reducing health risk they are exposing themselves to. Banning it will also show the government's determination in stemming out the harmful act of smoking, sending a strong message to current and potential smokers. Thus I agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in this country. 

The tide has turned fairly recently against smokers, in that they were once a fairly well reprenseted minority, but now seen as a nuisance minority. But minorities have rights, in my opinion; why should we have the tyranny of the majority? Hence, in this country, I think smokers should be allowed to smoke, if the restaurant owners permits them so. Smoking is not a great habit, but I pick my nails and people are imperfect, and people do have rights, so smokers are well within reason to do what they like to do and bear the consequences of them doing so. Restaurant owners are well within their own rights to do the same as well and decide for themselves how they would like to operate their own place. And hungry people can decide for themselves where they would like to patron. What is the problem? There is no debate. Moreover, the concerns with second hand smoking are overblown: never had seen second hand smoke as the leading cause of death. And as always, we choose who we want to hang out, or where we want to hang out, and we can always vote with our feet and try to change things around us, so let others do the same as well. 

Smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants. Smoking is very harmful not only to themselves but to everyone. And it is also very hazardous to the restaurant because it is lighted and it can cause fire. Although I'm not against people from smoking but in public places they should be considerate to the majority who does not smoke. There are young kids, pregnant woman, old people around and smoke is very unhealthy especially to these people. Children are especially curious and it might make them wanting to try smoking. Everyone knows smoking is bad, but they still smoke. Some of the reason being that they see people smoking and therefore can't resist the urge to smoke. If no one smokes in the restaurant, they are not tempted to smoke. Even if they were to smoke in a restaurant with no one else smoking, they will feel being a hindrance to everyone else, and will stop smoking. Smokes from cigarette might trigger the smoke alarm and cause false alarm that the restaurant is on fire. Moreover, smoke particles might land on other diners dish and caused many complicated inconvenience. In other words, smoking must be banned in restaurants as it cause disturbance and inconvenience to restaurant diners. It will also affect the restaurant standards if they allow people to smoke in the restaurant. 

Yes, I agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. To be even more audacious, I believe that smoking should be abolished from this planet. After all, smoking has no benefits to the human body, besides giving one a temporary relief from stress, which can be eased through other means. The only benefit smoking have for the world, is only an economical one, whereby the demand for cigarettes fuels jobs and trade. Yet, these economic benefits are negated by the medical fees one pays after develop lung cancer and various health complications smoking brings. Not only that, the death and psychological suffering that comes with the health implications is immeasurable. I would confidently say that the world will be a better place if smoking is abolished and permanently extinguished from our planet. Although the immediate implications would be a sudden loss of jobs and possible chaos in countries that specialize in trade of cigarettes, I firmly believe that the long term impacts will be positive. That being said, the answer to whether smoking should be completely banned in restaurants, is obvious. Smoking in restaurant not only irritates other customers and reflect bad social consciousness, it also brings great health implications to others. I believe the no greater emphasis has been placed on the dangers of secondhand smoke and everyone is well aware of it. To continue smoking in public and even at home only goes to reveal the selfishness of the individual, to put everyone around him/her at risks. It does not matter why one picked up smoking. What matters is the will to stop and to respect one's own body and other's around them. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. By restaurants, I am referring to proper dining areas, and not places of entertainment like pubs. I would also like to extend the definition of restaurants to include non air conditioned dining areas such as hawker centres. We are all aware of the harmful effects of third party smoke, as well as the irritation it brings to non smokers. Obviously, the negative effects far outweigh any marginal financial gains, if any, restaurant owners can possibly gain. Firstly, why is there a need for smoking areas to be established in dining areas anyway? Dining areas, as the name implies, are for dining. We cannot eat and smoke simultaneously. Even if someone is not dining in the restaurant, he could always excuse himself and go somewhere else for a puff. The urge to smoke can obviously be controlled. It is not as if he would suffer tremendously to take five minutes to go somewhere else to smoke. Furthermore, what is the use of a smoking area if the smoke can diffuse to non smoking areas? Unless the area is totally blocked and cordoned off, it is totally useless to create such a space. However, the smoke will most likely affect the other diners, such as when people enter the smoking area, the smoke diffuses out. If it is far from the main dining area, then there is no need for the creation of it in the first place. Smokers may have the freedom to smoke, but non smokers have their right to dine in a pleasant environment with clear air, especially since they are paying for it. Smokers can just smoke somewhere else, but diners have no other similar alternatives. 

Public smoking is becoming an issue that is widely discussed at all levels. This is because of the higher awareness of the negative impacts of smoking including damages to personal and other people's health, high cost of cigarette, large restriction of smoking areas that made smoking inconvenient and sometimes, social isolation. As far as smoking in restaurant is concerned, it should be completely banned primarily due to health concerns, regardless of whether the restaurant is in an air conditioned environment or an open Al Fresco concept. Although smoking areas have been demarcated to allow smoking activities in some dining areas, the fact that air circulates will transport the toxic smoke particles to non smoking area as well, thereby causing irritation to other diners. It is proven scientifically that inhaling second hand smoke is much more dangerous that the actual smoking itself. Besides that, there is also the third hand smoking, which refers to smoke particles sticking on clothes, or food, which eventually gets into a person's digestive or respiratory system. Another reason why smoking in restaurant should be banned is that it will affect other diners' dining experience. Smell is an important factor that affects the enjoyment of food. If the cigarette smell is so strong, it not only covers the natural aroma of the food, but also adds on to unpleasant cigarette stench that can possibly turn away customers. It is therefore important to ban smoking completely in all dining areas, especially in restaurants where consumers pay a higher price for better dining experience. This is the only way to do justice to non smokers as they reserve the rights to enjoy clean air. 

No, smoking should not be banned at all restaurants in Singapore. I believe that banning smoking from all restaurants will make smokers really unhappy as there are already many places that smokers cannot smoke at such as shopping centers. If they really implement the law stating that no smoking at all restaurants, where will the smokers be able to smoke? Besides, the laws and fines about smoking in singapore are already very severe and the fines given are very expensive as well. Most of all, singaporeans that smoke have learnt to respect non smokers by not smoking near them or they smoke at the places that allow smoking at coffee shops. And if they smoked in the area where smoking is prohibited, if you ask them politely they will apologize and go to the non smoking area. So why implement more laws to ban smoking? Smokers have their own rights as well and as long as they follow the laws in singapore, banning smoking in restaurants is not needed. If smoking were to really be banned in Singapore, I personally believe that it may lead to protests or even riots and it would mean spending more money and time to manage such conflicts. Personally i'm not a smoker myself, but my friends are smokers. And from what I see from them, they behave very well in public when smoking and they do not smoke when they are at restaurants. Therefore I do not agree that smoking should be banned in the restaurants in singapore, 

Smoking on itself is a vice and not something that should be promoted in the country despite the lucrativeness of it being a revenue generator. In general, restaurants act as a form of dining, enjoyment or places of gathering for family and friends. If smoking were to be condoned in restaurants, it would entirely undermine the dining experience of restaurant customers if they were to enjoy their meals in heavy smoke and a strong tobacco smell wafting around. Put aside those customers that are willing to forgo their dining experience for the convenience of their smoker friends or relatives, second hand smoking is equally as harmful as first hand smoking. If smoking were to be condoned in restaurants, second hand smoking would not be a choice but somewhat a compulsory situation to be in. This might result in reduced revenue for the restaurants and on top of that, dining experience is no longer pleasant. Think of how growing children, toddlers would view the smoking if they were to see adults puffing away nonchalantly in a restaurant? In the long run, this might induce a form of incorrect misconception about smoking being something that should be condoned and eventually the smoking rate might rise in the country. 

Smokers can be sighted almost everywhere     at bus stops, hawker centres, or even outside shopping malls. With the increase in the number of smokers and the harmful effects of second hand smoking, the Singapore government has thus stepped up regulatory controls on smokers. The question then arises as to whether smokers should be completely banned at all restaurants in Singapore. To me, I believe that the welfare of society should outweigh the welfare of the individual; hence I strongly agree that there should be a complete ban on smoking at all restaurants in Singapore. Given the harmful effects of second hand smoking, where passive smokers may end up breathing in the carcinogenic chemicals from the exhaled cigarette smoke and develop lung related diseases, more regulatory control should be in place to protect non smokers. As restaurants in Singapore are commonly air conditioned, smoking in restaurants would mean that the cigarette fumes would still remain within the compound and be hard to get rid of. This not only increases the risk of second hand smoking, but also exposes more individuals to it. Since the fumes stay around for longer periods of time and are unable to escape from the enclosed air conditioned compounds of the restaurants, diners at the restaurants would hence be breathing in these fumes and be more exposed to the harmful effects of second hand smoking. Also smoking will affect the mood and dining experience of people at the restaurants as the stench from the cigarette fumes is not bearable to most people. Restaurant owners will also be affected if diners are being turned away by the strong cigarette smell and choose to dine elsewhere. In this case, the welfare of society is being adversely affected by the smoker's actions. Hence I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Singapore. (298 words) 

As most of us know, smoking is an unhealthy hobby as the chemical nicotine in the cigarettes are harmful to our lungs and it will cause harm to not only the smokers, but also the people around the smokers. Smoking in thus a behavior that is highly discouraged. People who are dining in restaurants will want to have a healthy and nice environment in which they are able to dine happily with their loved ones or friends. Nobody would want to dine in a restaurant with the air con on, and people around them smoking. This will reduce their appetite and cause them to take in the unhealthy second hand smoke, which may pose problems for them later on in life. Imagine that you are on a date with your boyfriend and people around you are all smoking in this air conditioned restaurant. Your clothes will be stained with the smell of the smoke and people who are unable to stand this smoke will keep coughing throughout the whole dinner. Will you want to stay on and continue to dine in this restaurant? The main difference between restaurants and coffee shops is the surrounding environment and the ambience. This is the reason why people are willing to pay a larger sum of money to dine in the restaurant. If the restaurants are just like the coffee shops with people smoking all over the place, it will be of no difference to coffee shops and people's standard of living will be lowered. 

Smoking should be ban at all the restaurants in Singapore. Firstly, smoking will affect the health of others. This is because secondhand smoking will be much more harmful than smoking itself. This will cause unnecessary harm to those non smokers in the restaurants. Furthermore, Secondly, the smokers will set as a wrong role model for the youths. If smoking can be commonly seen everywhere including at the restaurants, the youths in the country may have the wrong perception that smoking is a very trendy stuff and thus they might want to give it a try. They might develop the mentality Since the adults are smoking, why can't we smoke? This can lead to a very harmful long term trend for the nation as a whole. Thus to minimize the exposure of smoking to the younger generation, it should be ban in the restaurants. While the fact that smokers may argue that this will infringe their basic human rights, they have already infringe the rights of other non smokers by causing them to breathe in secondhand smoke. With the great number of disadvantages and the little benefits that smoking bring to the society, smoking should be ban at all the restaurants in Singapore. 

Smoking leads to too many health and social issues that I would have to agree that most restaurants should ban customers from smoking. Under the utilitarian perspective, banning smoking would be better for the greater good. This is because customers may not want to be victim to second hand smoking. In addition, with the warnings from the health promotion board, schools and other informational brochures about all the harm second hand smoking can cause, non smokers are more wary and cautious with breathing in smoke. Although one may be able to understand why smokers may have picked up this addiction, they may not necessarily empathize with it. Hence, they may want to enjoy their meal peacefully without having the thoughts of breathing in smoke that may affect their health. In addition, this could also be beneficial for the restaurant as they made it clear to families or health conscious individuals that their restaurant is strictly smoke free. On the other hand, it is impossible to ban smoking from all restaurants as it boils down to the concept or culture of the place. For example, in Clarke Quay, a location where night activities are most dynamic and lively in Singapore, one can naturally expect that people would like to relax and perhaps smoke a cigarette or two. 

Tweaked slightly, we would probably be better served ruminating upon the question "Smoking should be completely banned IN all the restaurants in the country" rather than AT all the restaurants in the country, simply because in implies inside the restaurant, which is the issue we are presumably concerned with rather than if we were to read the original question which uses the preposition "at" which would leave us reflecting about the problem of smokers in the vicinity of the restaurant. It is probably fair to say that, with the exception of some very stubborn scientists who contend that there is no direct correlation between smoking and lung cancer, smoking is bad for you. Extended further, it is probably also fair to say that smoking is not only bad for you, it is bad for the people around you. This is the idea that is troubling. If one were to negatively affect oneself through one's actions, it would not be so much of a problem. However, when one negatively affects others through one's actions, then we are forced to consider the notion of social responsibility and how much of it we have to take for our actions. I believe smokers should bear the full extent of their actions and therefore it would be fair to completely ban smoking in all restaurants and public spaces in the country. In addition, all smokers would have to smoke in dedicated confined spaces so that the only people harmed by the smoke are other smokers themselves. 

Yes, I feel that smoking should be completely banned in Singapore restaurants. When compared to other countries such as the Netherlands where smoking weed is actually legal in some restaurants because the restaurant owners make a business out of weed and the customers that smoke it, I feel that it is justified to ban smoking in Singapore restaurants. This is because there is no such thing as smoking weed here. Also, it is because breathing in second hand smoke is really extremely unhealthy. I do not like the smell of second hand smoke because it gives me a headache and a stomachache. If I was at a restaurant and someone started smoking, I would be very irritated and hence be unable to enjoy my meal happily. A meal at a restaurant is also not cheap, so I think that I would be at the losing end if someone who smokes ruined the enjoyment of my meal. That being said, I also think that putting smokers into a smoker zone in hawker centres is a good move. Although the smoke sometimes wafts over to the non smoking zone, I can live with it because I usually finish my food fast in hawker centres. Also, I can always get up and move to another area where there is not much smokers or simply just order my food to be a takeaway. This is different from restaurants where you are made to sit at one exact spot throughout. 

Since I was young, my parents have brought me up in an environment in which smoking was never condoned. Whenever we went out and somebody was smoking nearby, my father would stare disapprovingly at the person and give intermittent snorts to show his irritation. There were a few times when he almost got into fights with these smokers as a result, but fortunately nothing serious occurred due to my father's candidness. I actually agree with the stance that my father takes, because smoking is a vice that shouldn't be condoned. It causes air pollution, and it has been scientifically proven that second hand smoke is very dangerous. Furthermore, cigarettes contain many addictive substances such as nicotine, which are bad for one's health. I know of many family friends who have attained diseases such as lung cancer due to continuous smoking. Smoking can cause so much harm to one's body and one's family (through second hand smoke and the burden on one's family if one were to unfortunately obtain a disease), so why do people still smoke? Most of the time, habitual smokers are those who started from a very young age. For these young people, it's mostly due to peer pressure and the "cool" factor. In order to fit in with the "in" crowd and be socially accepted, teenagers feel that they need to smoke. Otherwise, they would be left out from the "cool" group. Well, this doesn't really make sense, right? But I suppose you wouldn't understand unless you were in the teenager's position. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Right now, what is being done at some restaurants is having a non smoking zone and a smoking zone at separate parts of the restaurant. However, smoke travels, which defeats the purpose of having the separation in the first place. Eventually, smoke would still be smelt at the non smoking zone. It can be argued that the smoke would still be much less than what it would be if there was no separation between the two zones. Nonetheless, being someone who really dislikes cigarette smoke, smelling it in the air when I clearly am sitting in the non smoking area actually greatly affects my mood. Therefore, I think that restaurants should either completely ban smoking or if it doesn't have a way to ensure that the separation between the two zones is effective, allow it altogether. That being said, it might not be economically feasible to have restaurants that allow smoking without having the two zones, because it would totally be a turn off to non smokers. These restaurants' customer base would be greatly limited to smokers and non smokers who do not mind the smell of cigarette smoke and the adverse effects it has on one's health. Hence, I think that all restaurants should just ban smoking. One might say that this complete ban would bring inconvenience to smokers and this can be seen as a form of discrimination. I beg to differ, though. Smokers can always go outside of the restaurants for a smoke before or after meals. In addition, smoking brings with it a negative externality; it brings harm to third parties who breathe in the second hand smoke. It is an act that should not be encouraged; in fact, it should be discouraged. In conclusion, I feel that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 

 I agree to that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country to a small extent. I believe that by completely banning smoking at all restaurants, it is a too overbearing rule. Although I am a non smoker, I feel that smokers should still be given a certain level of autonomy of places where they can smoke in. Smoking is indeed a bad habit that the government should discourage, however, it is not feasible if they were to ban smoking at all restaurants. I believe that the current rule that smoking is only permitted at blocked out areas in food centers is an effective measure. This will restrict the space where smokers can smoke in and will provide a healthier environment for other patrons to dine in. Furthermore, many restaurants already provide outdoor spaces where smokers can go to have a smoke break. By taking away such outdoor spaces will be unfair and unreasonable. I feel that if the government were to completely ban at all restaurants, this will bring about much unhappiness among smokers. If the government plans to discourage smoking, it should adopt the informational approach instead. In my opinion, by informing smokers on the dangers and risks of smoking then will it be effective in deterring the bad habit. 

There are two large groups of people in Singapore who may engage in smoking activities. One group consists of people from the older generation who saw smoking as a sign of social and financial status, picked it up and then found it difficult to kick the habit, thereby continuing to smoke. Another group comprises the younger teenagers who thought smoking as a sign of coolness and picked up the habit in the hope of impressing people their age or to make a statement. Unfortunately, these people are those who frequent restaurants as well and this may cause problems in the eateries. In my opinion, smoking is detrimental not only to the perpetrator's health, but also to countless others who may have to linger around them. They destroy the lungs, stain teeth and confer bad breath. It is unmistakably a vice which should be banned from the country totally. Although this may seem a radical action; however, such extreme actions had been carried out successfully before, most notably in the banning of chewing gum from the country. Even though people may still smuggle in chewing gum occasionally, the current situation is probably much better than if it were not banned; it was always a show of intent from the government for the citizens to follow its lead. Hence, smoking should not simply be banned from restaurants, it should be banned from the country totally for the health of current generations and to create a better environment for future generations to live in. 

As a non smoker, I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. Smokers are of the minority, and in adopting a utilitarian position, a ban on smoking would benefit the largest group of people. The cost of smoking far outweighs the cost. For one, smokers produce second hand smoke which is harmful to the health of the general public. Without a ban, allowing smokers to smoke in restaurants would only serve to inconvenience non smokers. In fact, the cost of this would be multiplied when considering the young, elderly, and those with existing health problems. Furthermore, many restaurants are increasingly becoming air conditioned, a setting totally unsuitable for smoke. Even with a designated smoking area, there is the risk that the smoke would enter the air ventilation system of the air conditioning unit. Moreover, the creation of a smoking area would also deny restaurant owners a potential profit making enterprise in the creation of an al fresco dining area. After all, it is not just the smokers who would prefer a non air conditioned area. Social smokers however, would decry such a move, arguing that it inconveniences them, yet their argument begets the fact that they are inconveniencing others on their first place with their actions. Restaurants may also argue against such a ruling, as many businessmen do smoke, especially those choosing to entertain clients. However, I feel such acts are more likely to be taking place in night clubs or bars rather than in restaurants. As such, I believe that smoking should indeed be banned at all restaurants. 

 In the context of Singapore, smoking is still considered a taboo because of the negative side effects it brings     health problems and second hand smoke. Non smokers typically resent the presence of unpleasant smell of smoke possibly containing carcinogens. Smoking in enclosed areas such as restaurants destroys the ambience of the restaurant and dining becomes a chore. In order to not exclude smokers, some restaurants have allocated designated open air corners so that smokers can still smoke and dine at the restaurant without polluting the air within the air conditioned place. Bearing this concept in mind, smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. However, we must note that the concept of having a non smoking area is only possible if there is space for one. Smoking in enclosed restaurants will probably deter the non smoking majority from dining there. Therefore, smoking should be banned for restaurants without smoking corners. On the other hand, smoking can be completely banned at all restaurants as a scheme the government can consider in order to reducing the number of smokers in the country. With reduced areas for smoking, smokers will find it more constrained and difficult to smoke as and when they like. In a totally utopian point of view, perhaps completely banning smoking at all restaurants could mark the start of a smoke free country. (220 words) 

First, before I start the essay, I need to define what smoking means. Smoking in this context apparently refers to the act of putting a cigarette to one's mouth, lighting it, and puffing on it vigourously such that smoke from the cigarette enters your lungs. Generally, the effect of this would be to give that person a slight high due to the effect of nicotine on the mind. There are other definitions of smoking, such as the Singaporean definition, which is to pull wool over another's eyes. Now that I have defined smoking, I need to define restaurants. Restaurants can be defined as a place where people, generally humans of the species Homo sapiens sapiens, as opposed to Homo erectus, ingest sustenance. This sustenance is generally believed to taste good due to the fact that it was ingested in a restaurant. Since the purpose of the restaurant is to provide a place with ambience so that the food ingested is perceived to taste better, smoking detracts from this experience as smoking is generally disliked by the people around the smoker. As such, smoking should be completely banned from all the restaurants in the country as it detracts from the very purpose of a restaurant, which is to provide a location for people to enjoy good food. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is bad for health, and even more so for second hand smoke. For the benefit of non smokers, Singapore currently bans smoking in all indoor, air conditioned establishments, such as restaurants, shopping malls, corporate buildings, etc. Even for the non air conditioned areas like the hawker centres, almost the entire premise is banned from smoking, except for a small corner which is designated for smoking. The ban of smoking at all the restaurants in the country will help to alleviate the negative effects of second hand smoke faced by non smokers, and discourages the smokers to smoke, as it is made inconvenient for them to do so. The ban might, initially, be faced with objections from smokers, as it will be inconvenient for them to smoke, but in the long run, will be beneficial for themselves as well as the society as a whole. In addition to the ban in all restaurants, campaigns could be carried to advocate the harmful effects of smoking to discourage smoking and helps smokers to stop smoking. In the long run, besides the restaurants, the ban could cover more areas like those covered in Singapore. For the ban to be effective, the penalties and enforcement have to be appropriately carried out as well. 

The rationale to prohibit smoking at restaurants is based on the argument that smoking is not only harmful to the individual who engages in it, but affects the people around him as well. Allowing smoking in restaurants would promote an activity that may cause irritation to other patrons. Smoking in a restaurant would interfere with people's enjoyment of their food. Also, the pungent smell and the dusty air that results from smoking within an enclosed space is not something that non smokers look forward to. In addition, restaurants are places for family, friends and loved ones to get together and have a relaxing time over a meal. People who go to a restaurant do so in hope of a good meal in a serene, relaxed environment; and to allow smoking in restaurants spoils the mood and atmosphere for this, and would deny many non smoking patrons such a luxury. While some smokers may argue that their rights are being neglected, I believe that restaurants are not the place for them to exercise their right to smoke. Smokers can exercise this right in many other locations; and should they feel the urge to smoke while eating in a restaurant, they should be encouraged to fulfill this need outside, where other patrons will not be disturbed. Restaurants, as an eating place that should cater to all patrons, should be kept clean and smoking, therefore, should be completely banned at all restaurants. 

I fully agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. The negative consequences of smoking are now so pronounced in the entire country that almost everyone knows about them. Yet, inconsiderate people are still smoking and increasing the risk of mortality rate of themselves and to those around them. Studies have shown that cigarette smoke contain carcinogens     substances which can lead to cancer. In restaurants, these carcinogens could attach themselves on the surrounding food, thereby further increasing the risk of cancer to those who are consuming them Besides that, in enclosed restaurants, cigarette smoke can cause the entire environment to be polluted with the putrid smell of it. This would also adversely affect the other non smoking patrons' enjoyment of their food. Lastly, restaurants usually cater to people of different age groups. Young children and babies have increased risk of developing acute or chronic conditions from breathing in too much cigarette smoke as their immune system might not be fully developed yet. Furthermore, pregnant women are also at risk because the cigarette smoke could affect the foetus in the womb. With all the negative externalities brought about by smoking, smoking should definitely be banned at all restaurants in the country. In fact, I would further advocate for smoking to be banned at all places in the country, except for several smoking points where smoking is allowed. There are many high risk activities such as mountain climbing which have a greater mortality rate than smoking. However, smoking increases the mortality rate of others and not just the user or doer. As a result, it is unfair to the innocent non smoking bystanders, and smoking should be banned. 

I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in Singapore. One reason for my agreement is the harms of second hand smoke to the innocent people around the smoker. Exposure to second hand smoke would increase the risk of a non smoker to diseases such as lung cancer. In my opinion, it is utterly selfish of the smoker to smoke in front of people who are determined not to take part in this self harming activity. Another reason is that a restaurant is essentially a place for people to gather and enjoy a good meal. To smoke in such a public place is inconsiderate and would affect the enjoyment of the restaurants' customers in their meals. We should respect our fellow diners and refrain from doing something that would ruin their meal. Furthermore, children are frequently present in such establishments, and smoke from cigarettes could result in their breathing difficulties or choking. In addition, being exposed to older humans smoking could give these impressionable children the notion that smoking is "cool" and is a normal part of life without showing them the accompanying side effects. To sum up, I feel that to smoke in restaurants is not just disrespectful to the other patrons but is also harmful to them, hence my support for the complete banning of smoking at all restaurants in Singapore. 

Smoking is known to be practised by 1/3 of the global adult population, and is a common social norm regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, and nationality. This is despite the numerous ill effects associated with smoking. While it may be difficult to completely ban smoking altogether because of the likely strong resistance from the large number of users as well as the backing of a huge tobacco industry, many countries have been actively taking steps of tax imposition as well as banning smoking in certain public places. As a country's government ought to promote and protect its citizens' interests, the ill effects of smoking ought to be eradicated or at least reduced through legislature, for the greater good of the society. Smoking does not only affect the smoker directly, but indirectly affects other people of immediate vicinity to the smoker. This is especially the case for enclosed spaces like restaurants, where air circulation may be poor. Besides adverse health effects such as potential lung cancer and the shortening of lifespan, smoking is also of bad influence psychologically. On a more macro level, smoking also reduces individual productivity and hence, a country's economic productivity as a whole, since labour is a major factor of production. However, even with the introduction of legislature, there is also another issue of political will towards implementation. 

I strongly believe that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking is a very normal phenomenal in Singapore, from young to old, but the main reason why smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants is because smoking doesn't only harm the smoker but also the surrounding people. Statistics shows that, second hand smoker are more likely to have lung cancer compared to those who smoke. But why is it so? It is because every single path of cigarettes the smoker take is filtered by the filter, but every single intake by the second hand smoker are not. Beside health matters, smoking will also cause air pollution to the surrounding. Most of the non smokers thinks that it is smelly when someone smoke around them. Try putting yourself in their shoes, imagine one day you are happily having a meal with you love one and out of a sudden the guy sitting beside u start smoking and keep blowing the smoke to you table, how will you feel? Will you think that the smell is good and continue smelling it? The answer is no, even you think that it doesn't really matters, how about your partner? Your partner might find it annoying or disturbing. Lastly I strongly support the idea of "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country". 

Yes I agree that smoking should entirely be banned all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking is bad and it can harm the body of the smoker and the people surrounding them. If smoking isn't ban in restaurant, some families might not want to go to that restaurant to eat as they do not want to harm their body by inhaling that harmful and polluted air. There are more non smokers than smokers therefore there may be a result in loss of customers and therefore it will result In loss of business as not many people will go there to eat. By banning smoking in the restaurants, there will be a reduction in cases of people having heart, lungs diseases due to smoking. With that, smokers will have lesser chances to smoke due to lack of smoking areas and slowly they will quit smoking which is a good thing for themselves, their family and the other non smokers as well as the environment. This also can be a good influence to the younger generations as it can plays a major role in dissuading younger generations such as teens and younger adults from taking up smoking. In conclusion, smoking is bad for everyone thus smoking should banned all restaurants in the country. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has no benefits at all while having many disadvantages. Smoking has detrimental effects on a person's health. Smoking contains harmful substances which break down the lining of our lungs, cause the production of mucus which blocks the airways and cause one to become addicted to smoking. Visible effects of these harmful substances include blackened teeth, shortage of breath, black fingernails and getting tired more easily. Furthermore, smoking not only affects the smokers themselves but also passive smokers. These passive smokers are passer bys who inhale the smoke given out from smokers and do suffer the same consequences of smokers themselves, albeit to a lesser extent. Completely banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country is a step in the right direction to discourage people from smoking. A substantial population frequent restaurants and banning smoking in these places may be a strong push for smokers to quit smoking as they may find that being able to enter the restaurant may be greater than the pleasures they get from smoking. Moreover, with no smokers in restaurants, other patrons of these places do not need to suffer from the passive smoke. This benefits all parties going to the restaurants and improves the health and living environments of the population in general. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, smoking is hazard to human's health. Second hand smoking was found to even more hazard, hence, it should be banned at all restaurants in the country so that non  smokers who are dining will not get affected. It also provides a fresher environment for people to have their meals. Smoking was seen as an unhealthy act and should not be promoted. Hence, by banning smoking at restaurants can help stop "promoting smoking" in public places. Children will not be affected too as they will not get influenced by the same thing as adults do when they smoke. However, to smokers, they might find it inconvenient as they may need to go outside the restaurants and smoke if they want. They might found it troublesome and unfair as they also paid to have meals inside the restaurants and they should be allowed to smoke there. They might feel isolated form the majority. As such, restaurants should provide a smoking area that is enclosed so that the smoker can smoke inside the area without affecting other diners. Hence, in the light of things, smoking should be banned in order to take care of non smoker's interest. 

Smoking is a silent killer. Indeed, it not only harms the smoker, but also everyone around him. What is most worrisome about this vice is that it contains narcotine, not only carcinogenic, but also causes addiction. As the Pringles slogan aptly puts it "Once you pop, you can't stop. " Indeed, that is the case of many smokers. They are unable to kick the addiction, even increasing the number of packs they smoke a day. This not only numbs their pleasure from smoking, causing them to smoke more and more, but also causes ultimate harm to their bodies, such as lung cancer amongst many other ailments. The people most at risk, however, are not these smokers, but the people around him     the second hand smokers. Not only do they not have the filter of the cigarette, inhaling more of the carcinogenic substances in the smoke, they are the innocent beings, who had to deal with the effects that they cannot control. On the other hand, cigarette companies are reaping in gargantuan profits, at the expense of the lives of others, not just the smokers and the second hand smokers, but also exploiting cheap child labour from countries such as Cambodia etc. Such a vice should be stopped at all costs. Smoking should be banned, for the benefit of everyone. 

As a non smoker, I would definitely like to have a blanket smoking ban on all restaurants in the country, and if possible, to even criminalize smoking and make it illegal everywhere in Singapore. But I do recognize that the choices of others' should be respected even though I may not agree with them and even if the scientific evidence strongly suggest that smoking is bad for health. To be fair to the smokers, they do pay a hefty tobacco tax in Singapore and this tax revenue has been used to fund the various social welfare programs. Though I respect the individual's right to smoke, actions have to be taken by the government when the actions of this group of people produce a negative externality to non smokers. We have heard of the dangers of inhaling second hand smoke and in this regard, smokers' rights must be balanced with responsibilities. Smokers can continue on smoking as long as non smokers do not have to be forced to inhale their second hand smoke. Therefore, all measures should be taken to ensure that non smokers have access to smoke free zones in restaurants. This however does not mean that smoking need to be banned at all restaurants. It just means taking sufficient safeguards to segregate restaurants into smoking and smoke free zones, and making sure that the smoke does not diffuse into the smoke free zone. Another possibility would be to have speciality restaurants which cater only to smokers where they can smoke all they want (and inhale the second hand smoke of others) while enjoying their meal. 

Yes, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is as all along the government has been taking measures to ensure that more places in Singapore are banned from smoking. Furthermore, at restaurants, we have gas and other equipment to process or cook the food. If smoking is allowed at such places, the chances of fire or an explosion will be higher if there were to be careless management of a lit cigarette butt. As the patrons of the restaurant vary, it is likely to have non smokers as well and it is harmful to these people as well if they were to inhale smoke as they eat at restaurants. Besides, most restaurants in Singapore nowadays are air conditioned; the air when mixed with smoke may end up becoming stale and uncomfortable for the people in the restaurant. Thus, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned from restaurants. Even though this may result in the smokers going to other places or resorting to other measures to curb their addiction to nicotine, this measure is necessary to protect the non smokers and give them the chance to prevent themselves from taking in second hand smoke which is extremely detrimental to one's health. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some may assert that a total ban of smoking is not necessary. However, permitting smoking in a place where food are served might compromise food hygiene might have a substantial adverse health impact. It could be argued restaurants that have outdoor seats do not need to be banned. These restaurants could direct customers who smoke to these outdoor seats where there is a better air ventilation as compared to the indoors. Furthermore, setting aside a special zone of seats for smokers could keep a certain distance between the smokers and non smokers and thus reduce the chances of second hand smoking. Thus, a complete ban seems to be unnecessary. However, restaurants are places where food are served and thus a certain level of hygiene standards have to be met to ensure customers do not fall sick after consuming their food. If smoking is allowed in restaurants, puffs of smoke particles could be carried by the wind across tables and could even land on the cooked meals. Hence, these puffs of smoke particles would have sabotaged the hygiene of the cooked food. Moreover, children and others, whose respiratory system are more sensitive, could be part of the mealtime crowd in the restaurant. If smoking is allowed in restaurants, they could cause unnecessary health issues for the vulnerable. As a result, a complete ban is actually a protection for these people who essentially want to have a proper meal without having to cough uncontrollably. Also, during mealtimes, crowd gather in the restaurant and thus any potential health risks due to second hand smoking could be substantial. Hence, a complete ban is one solution to eliminate such a risk. With the concern of food hygiene and potential of substantial negative health implications, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, other than bringing personal pleasure and providing socialization opportunities, smoking has no other benefits especially in terms of health. In fact, it is a health hazard as it poses as a risk factor for many other diseases, acute or chronic. For instance, it primarily affects the lungs, in which puts an individual at risk for developing respiratory diseases such as pneumonia, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and lung cancer. Smoking does not only affect the health of the smoking individual, but also the other patrons of the restaurant through passive smoking. Furthermore, smoking should be banned at all restaurants because its smell may not be pleasant to non smoker patrons, especially those who are health conscious. It is just like the strong smell of durian which is appealing to people who enjoy consuming it but may be unacceptable to people who have never tasted it. On top of these reasons, thrown away cigarettes that remained lit could result in a fire outbreak in restaurants, hence smoking should be completely banned at all of the food places. In a nutshell, smoking is a health hazard and also a fire hazard, it should not be allowed at all restaurants in the country. 

Yes, I agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in this country. Today in Singapore the government has banned smoking in many places like air condition restaurants, food outlets and shopping centers. However, more can be done to protect the health of the people in Singapore by banning smoking at all restaurants in Singapore. There are many reasons for this stand, the following paragraphs will discuss on the advantages of banning smoking in all restaurants. The first reason is for the health of the smoker and the people around them. As we all know smoking is a very unhealthy habit to have. Not only will the smoker's health be affected the people around the smoker will also be affected by inhaling second hand smoke. Therefore in places like restaurants where there are a lot of people seated close to each other, the number of people being affected will be greater. If there is a banned on smoking in restaurants it will not only save the life of the smoker but also those around them. The second reason is to cause inconvenience to the smoker. By causing inconvenient to the smoker it will help the smoker to cut down their addiction. By doing this not only can the smoker cut down their addiction the younger children or youth would see less people smoking in front of them therefore also cutting down the number of bad examples they see on a daily basis. Therefore with the two advantages stated above I believe to a large extend that banning smoking in restaurants are needed and will bring Singapore to become a better country. 

I am a proponent of smoking, which I consider to be a detrimental activity to both the smoker and hapless non smokers. Considering this, I agree totally with the statement that smoking should be banned in all the restaurants in the country. ? A plenitude of research has pointed out the deleterious effects of smoking, yet the smoking subculture remains a real and annoying part of everyday life. Weighing between health effects ranging from smokers' cough to bronchitis and lung cancer, brought about by the many carcinogenic materials found within the cigarette, and the purported "pleasure" and sense of "well being", smokers opt for the latter. ? It is not their decision to smoke which causes my hackles to rise; instead, it is the way they engage in this harmful activity that I detest. Smokers often smoke at will, and anywhere seems like a good place for them to smoke. That I offer have to take in second smoke annoys me to no end. At to make matters worse, it is not as though I can always simply "avoid" the noisome fumes by "moving aside". Smokers ought to realise that there is such process as diffusion, which renders so many of us victims of cigarette smoke and so passive smoking! ? However, this much being said, I can only hope for bans of smoking in restaurants to be extended to coffeeshops, and by that, I mean, ALL parts of the coffeeshop, not just a corner of it, which, considering diffusion as mentioned, is simply daft. 

Smoking in public areas is a huge debated issue in Singapore In my point of view, it is necessary to ban smoking in some areas, but concession should be allowed for some highlighted cases. Recently, the government has legislated against public smoking in certain areas to alleviate the inconveniences brought to passive smokers who are unwilling recipients of the tobacco. While non smokers and environmentalists cheer to this law, some stakeholders in the society are dismayed by it. For example, business owners lament over the smoker customers who are less willing to spend and dine at their establishments due to this restriction. To this end, we have to acknowledge that smoking is a social currency to some in the society, typically in bars and social hangouts characterized by business dealings and social exchanges. Offering a cigarette or a lighter to light up is known as a kind gesture to mark the start of a friendship or a reciprocal relationship. Social smoking is more tolerated than its pathological counterpart, and thus I would advocate for smoking to be allowed in certain areas. A complete ban on public smoking might have positive externalities on the public health and environment at large, but businesses and social dealings will have to be altered accordingly, to which, will lead to many dismal responses from the public. 

 Smoking, this topic reminds me of a video I had came across a few months back. The health promotion board in Thailand had done up a video to remind us the danger of smoking, interestingly they get the children to involve in this project. Those children were asked to approach smoking adults for lighters to light up the cigarette they holding on, with no second thoughts all the adults rejected their request and even encourage them to quit smoking to avoid future health consequences. So what do you think is the message that this video is trying to send across to us? These adults can remind the children about the danger of smoking, why can't they remind it to themselves and why continue setting the wrong example for our children? They are simply living in self denial, coaxing themselves that smoking causes no harm or they are old enough to care less about their health because we humans eventually die one day but why do they even bother to care about those children. If you're a smoker and you are reading this, please ask yourself this question, "Do you want your kid to smoke?", if no, quit now for your own good and for our future generation. 

 I agree that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the country. I would like to first say that this opinion is made with self interest because personally, I'm a non smoker who absolutely DO NOT enjoy inhaling second hand smoke when I'm dining in a restaurant, neighbourhood coffee shop   or while I'm waiting for a bus at the bus stop. I'm very aware of the carcinogens present in cigarettes and second hand smoke     which is why I agree that such a ban should be imposed in all restaurants in Singapore to prevent smokers from imposing negative externalities on others. Currently, the ban we have for neighbourhood coffee houses are extremely superficial because while sections of the dining area are designated as "smoking corner"     diners would all agree that such corners do not exist because smoke DIFFUSES and an invisible boundary marked by a "non smoking" sign has no part in preventing the stench of smoke from spreading throughout the dining area from the "smoking" corner. With the ban, majority of local and foreign diners alike would be able to enjoy healthy dining even in neighbourhood districts. That said, I believe more should be done besides the ban because even a complete ban of smoking in all restaurants in the country may not be enough to prevent people from breaking the law and smoke in local coffeeshops. Owners of restaurants may close an eye simply because they want to keep frequent customers. 

While smoking brings about certain temporal pleasure to the body, there is no doubt denying that it brings about many harmful effects not only to the smoker's body, but also to the people around the smoker, in the form of second hand smoke. Smoking damages various crucial organs that are required for the proper functioning of the body. This would result in a host of illnesses and side effects such as cancers and the colouring of body parts like the teeth and fingernails. Hence, smoking is classified as a negative externality since the individual's consumption of cigarettes results in greater imposition of negative costs on the society itself. Thus, society is worse off with the presence of cigarettes and smokers respectively and adequate measures are required to reduce the negative effects of smoking on society. Banning smoking at all restaurants is a strict and harsh legislation, albeit the effectiveness of this measure would be thoroughly questioned and examined. In the context of a developing country like Indonesia, although most restaurants are indoors and air conditioned, costumers are still seen smoking indoors since a particular portion of the restaurant is dedicated to smokers. This is bad as non smoking costumers who patronise the restaurant would have to endure and put up with the second hand smoke while dining. Hence, by imposing such a strict banning on smoking on all restaurants countrywide, I think it would be quite effective to curb the problem of people smoking indoors and thus, the negative effects of breathing in second hand smoke by the non smokers would significantly be reduced. 

 These days, we see more and more public places banning people from smoking, from trains to shopping centres. Some areas also impose a fine on smokers who break the rule. However, there are still places which do not ban smoking. Even if they ban it indoors, there is also an outdoor area for smokers to smoke. For example, there are smoking corners at several restaurants which allow diners who smoke to have their meals there. Personally, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, it provides a smoke free environment for customers at the restaurant. It has been reported that second hand smoke is worse than first hand smoke. Hence, it will benefit the non smokers and they can dine without worrying that they are putting their own health at risk. Hence, smoking should be banned at all restaurants. Furthermore, by completing banning smoking at all the restaurants, it signals to smokers that smoking is not encouraged by society and this will motivate them to quit smoking. Hence, this will also encourage a health lifestyle for individuals. Therefore, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 

Classical economic theory tells us why social ills like smoking should be restricted or banned. Smoking does not simply affect the smoker  it also affects those around him but smokers do not internalize this cost, and as such, society as a whole is paying the price for it in the form of poor public health due to secondhand smoke. The idea is that the effects of secondhand smoke cannot be confined merely to the smoker, but that it knows no boundaries. As such, the rights of the smoker to smoke cannot outweight the rights of the public as a whole. This would be even more pertinent in the context of restaurants as restaurants are meant to be places for quiet and uninterrupted social interaction. Smoking can negatively affect the ambience of a restaurant, damaging the experience for restaurant customers. Given the small area of a restaurant, it is likely that the negative effects of smoke would be exacerbated. However, one counterargument is that it depends on the restaurant. Certain restaurants have different ambiences and the clientele could be the sort that mostly all smoke. In such a case, smoking would be tolerated amongst the clientele, and in some rare cases, even encouraged     a cigar club, for example. A complete ban is often not to be encouraged and one must look at all the factual circumstances before hastily deciding on a rule. Even in Singapore which has placed a broad ban has made concessions in opening up a certain area in every restaurant for smokers. 

I do not agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Completely seems to indicate the idea of ultimatum which in itself, appears to be too extremist. While smoking is a behaviour that we do not wish to promote as it is detrimental to the health of the smoker and to the people who inhale the smoke and that it is ideal that all places be smoke free, it appears that banning it completely goes against a human's basic rights to smoke. It is an individual's choice and decision to want to smoke and by banning it all, we are imposing a restriction to that choice. Hence, I believe in the freedom of rights. On the other hand, we all have the right to enjoy a smoke free environment. Thus, I argue that smoking should be banned selectively in all restaurants. This means that there should be smoke free areas in the restaurants and areas where smoking is allowed. This way, people can still enjoy a smoke free environment without imposing on the rights of smokers. This is also the current policy in Singapore. While we restrict certain areas from the behaviour of smoking, we do not completely ban smoking. Hence, I disagree to a large extent that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 

Smoking is something that is rather common in the local community. Despite it being very expensive in Singapore to smoke, many people still do smoke. Many are aware of it being detrimental to health, and yet at the same time, people engage in what is called temporal discounting, sacrificing future gains for temporary gains. Despite there being pictures to warn people of smoking effects, people simply continue to do so. Thus, it would seem logical that one should simply ban smoking since increasing prices and scaring the people with health messages do not seem to work. However, I disagree that smoking should be banned as it is one of the only drugs available in the country. If smoking is banned, people would sense that the state is being overly controlling and as a result, it is not unlikely that they would turn to try other forms of drugs. There is still a drug problem locally and smoking is the lesser of the evils. Moreover, Singapore has made it difficult for people to smoke by keeping smoke out of areas where there are other people who do not smoke. Keeping in mind the greater tradeoffs of risking people experimenting with other drugs to replace smoking it was banned, it would simply not seem to be worth it as currently people seem able to comply with the strict regulations Singapore has set to protect the public. One may argue that the protection is not perfect and that people who inhale second hand smoke would be harmed. However, the tradeoff of having drugs being more rampant posts more danger. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is known that smoking is harmful to our bodies. When smokers light the cigarette at the restaurants, not only do they harm themselves, it also affects people around them, who become second hand smokers unknowingly. It is unfair to these non smokers as they take in second hand smoke which is a lot more toxic than first hand smoke. By banning smoking at all the restaurants, it provides a clean environment for people to dine in. Over time, the country will be well known for their goal to promote a smoke free milieu, just like how Singapore is known as the "clean and green country" and this may boost tourism and investment opportunities and hence, create economic growth. Furthermore, it will increase societal awareness that smoking is detrimental to one's health and hence discourage people from smoking. Over the years, the government has been highlighting the negative effects of smoking, from posting gruesome pictures on the cigarette boxes to advertising in newspapers and on the television. Hence, these strict laws can persuade smokers to have second thoughts before lighting the cigarette and encourage them to quit smoking. 

These few years, the government has been actively promoting a smoke free campaign. Take for example, frightening photographs of smokers who suffer from diseases are featured on cigarette boxes. Also, they have imposed strict fines on trains and buses if one is caught smoking. This has extended to many places, including restaurants. However, I do not agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smokers have their own rights too. If they are barred from smoking at restaurants, it will create a lot of inconvenience for them. Indeed, smoking is detrimental to the individual's health. However, we should consider that smokers also require support from people around them in order to quit. This takes time and effort. If we banned smoking completely at all the restaurants, the aim to encourage them to quit may produce negative results. Instead of banning smoking completely, perhaps we can consider the practice of several fast food restaurants such as McDonalds which have allocated smoking corners for smokers to have their meals at. At the same time, volunteers can give out nicotine gums to the smokers and raise awareness of the negative effects of smoking. Eventually, we will be able to create a smoke free environment for everyone. 

Smoking is a vice in today's society. Governments also introduce many policies and laws to discourage people from smoking and to promote healthy lifestyles. These days, we also see many places banning smoking within the premises. However, I feel that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It takes time for smokers to quit smoking. If they are completely banned at all the restaurants, it will cause much inconvenience and difficulty to them. They will need to look for suitable places to take a puff and this may be a hassle for most of them. Hence, this may cause distress and smokers may be less motivated to quit smoking because they feel that they are discriminated against by society. Moreover, it may lead to decreased sales for some restaurants which cater mainly to smokers, which may be situated near night clubs and pubs. There will be fewer people who patronize these restaurants and hence, these outlets may close down in the future. Thus, I propose that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants. Instead, a small smoking zone could be set up outside the restaurants for smokers, away from the non smokers who dine in the restaurant. This way, it will make the dining experience a more memorable and relaxing one. 

First of all, I am not a smoker. Hence I would agree to this statement with a certain degree of biasness. To have a fairer view, I will state down the facts of smoking and harmful effects it causes. What everyone knows is that smoking causes lung cancer. It is the particles released from the cigarette that damages the cells inside those lungs. And since it is the particle being release, not only the smoker will have chances of getting lung cancer; the by passer will have chances getting it, too. Smoking is polluting the air, too. To the non smokers they might have difficulty in breathing when they share the same atmosphere with the smokers. How can the non smokers now enjoy their food when they are having trouble breathing? Critics may say that the restaurants can split up into two spaces; the smoking and non smoking area. Though it may seem as a good idea, it may have its downside. Think of it this way; smokers can sit in both the smoking area and the non smoking area whereas non smokers can only sit inside the non smoking region to feel "comfortable". This may shun non smokers away when the restaurant ran out of sits in the non smoking area while the smoking area is barely full. Wouldn't this ultimately affect the restaurant's business? Hence I would say, smoking should not be encouraged in restaurant for the sake of health and wealth. 

Personally, I feel that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants. With the increasing number of reports broadcasting the health risks of smoking, it is to the benefits of the public that smoking is banned in all restaurants. This is especially so given that restaurants are patronised by families of all ages. With the presence of non smokers and children, smokers pose a health risk. This is further supported by the fact that second hand smokers, which refers to people who do not smoke yet inhale the smoke due to presence of smokers nearby, are subjected to a higher risk of lung cancer. Being a serious health issue, it is to the benefit of the public that smoking is banned in family oriented places such as restaurants. It may be argued that complete banning will put the smokers at the losing end as they are deprived of the basic rights to smoke. It may also raise the issue of social discrimination. I agree with this point and such a social issue is indeed a sticky issue to deal with. However, I believe that with the support of the family members of smokers, the probability of this happening can be lessened. For instance, family members can encourage smokers to quit smoking to gain social acceptance. This may take a very long time and there is a low success rate of success, but their attempts to quit smoking will be worthwhile and applaudable. Hence, in all, I find that we should completely ban smoking in restaurants because of the health risks involved. Although the tacky problem of social discrimination will arise, it can be lessened with the emotional support from the smokers' family members as well as the society. Hence it is to everyone's benefit that smoking is completely banned in all restaurants. 

I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants include people from all ages, from the young to the old, and they are places for people to eat and enjoy their meals. If smoking is allowed at restaurants, those smokers will pollute the surrounding air. Not only smoking is harmful to the individual himself, it also has an adverse effect on the people near them. In terms of health, innocent parties around those smokers, whom are called second hand smokers, may become prone to sickness. Furthermore, smoke particles will be left on the body of the first hand smokers and his surroundings. Thus, if the next person were to be in contact with these particles unknowingly, they became third hand smokers, which are in fact much more harmful for them. In this case, not just the smoker himself will suffer from chronic illnesses like lung cancer; the blameless parties around him will also be affected. Secondly, the smell from the smoke may be so overpowering that it covered the pleasant smell of the food. Especially in air conditioned areas, it takes a longer time for the smell of smoke to be dispersed from one place to another. This decreases the happiness level of the customers as they no longer are able to eat with full satisfaction. Lastly, it is to protect the businesses of the restaurants, which in turn helped in the growth of the economy. In the case of Singapore, most people choose to go to indoor restaurants without a smoking corner. In conclusion, for benefits in the long run, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. 

I think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants, as second hand smoke is very harmful to non smokers. This is because secondhand smoke contains chemicals such as nicotine that is cancerous. In addition, we have to take into consideration that it is highly likely that children would be dining at these restaurants too. If the restaurants were air conditioned, these restaurants would smell bad as well. If smoking were banned, it would create a healthier environment at the restaurants. As non smokers cannot avoid inhaling smoke, it would make more sense for smokers to avoid smoking at restaurants. On the other hand, it would make life more difficult for smokers. They have fewer options when they want to look for restaurants. Banning smoking from restaurants thus also affect families who has a smoker in their family. It is also difficult for heavy smokers to resist smoking in restaurants, as they are addicted to smoking. From the perspectives of restaurants owners, they may suffer from a decline in business when they ban smoking in restaurants. It is also difficult for them to enforce this rule, as smokers might be highly offended when they are asked to stop smoking. This is why most governments are reluctant to enforce a ban on smoking in all restaurants. To come up with win win situations, they have decided to separate the smokers from the non smokers by offering a dining section just for the smokers. Therefore, I think that it is not feasible to ban smoking and that we should continue to enforce the rule in which non smokers are separated from non smokers. 

 In Singapore, there are smoking areas and non smoking areas clearly mapped out in many public places, such as in coffee shops, clubs, and restaurants. This was part of the latest initiative pushed out by the government in order to curb smoking in Singapore. In this essay, I argue that smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in Singapore and I will be providing two main arguments to support my stand. Firstly, in banning smoking at all restaurants in Singapore, it can be seen that certain rights of these smokers are taken away from them. Although the adverse effects of smoking and second hand smoke had been fully advocated by the state, it would be unfair to these smokers to take away the space for them to smoke at certain places (i. e. restaurants). Another reason that I proposed is that if the state were to ban smoking at all restaurants in Singapore, this would quickly expand to all public places in Singapore. This would leave smokers with no place to go and law enforcement of such measures would also take a toll on the law enforcement officers. In conclusion, it would be infringement on the basic rights of smokers if such measures were enforced, and that the law enforcement would definitely lag behind such measures which in turns take a toll on law enforcement officers. 

Smoking itself has been portrayed to us as a negative externality, not just to the smoker himself but also to the people around him and his environment. Despite all the consequences, smoking is nonetheless present, and we have to acknowledge the presence of smokers. If that is so, why ban smoking in all the restaurants? Are we condemning their actions, or are we restricting them in some ways, although we might not have the rights to control them? In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This perspective is also supported by the government for they have since banned smoking in most public places, and having designated smoking areas for smokers. Although it is unfair for smokers to be restricted because no one has a right over them even if they are a minority, but the very fact that their actions causes harm not just to them but the people around them makes it more justified because then, their individual choice of smoking does not just affect themselves. However, we acknowledge the needs of smokers and often smokers include high profile professionals who have high disposable income. Smoking could be an avenue for them to de stress. Given that the target audience of restaurants include these people who are affluent, it would not be fair to ban smoking at restaurants because the venue might be for a social affair. Smoking amongst business executives and colleagues could also be a social affair. Hence, I feel that the decision to have designated smoking areas is prudent because it takes into account the concerns of both smokers and non smokers. 

I agree to the following statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country to a certain extent. In this century, I believe that human rights should be implace and humans ought to choose the way they want to live in. Hence, smoking should not be banned completely even though it is harmful as maybe what the government can do is to impose a yellow box or a smoking chamber in the restaurant premises itself, or to allocate a 10meter radius away from the non smoking population. Also, the government should encourage restaurants to state if they are a smoking or non smoking restaurant for consumers to choose whether they want to go to a smoking or non smoking one to consume their food. In other countries such as Malaysia, restaurants are opened air and they allowed smokers to smoke in the premises. However, seldom air conditioned restaurants will allow the smokers to smoke inside as it will definitely smoke the whole area up and the place will be very choky. Unless the restaurant's owner is willing to purchase some good exhaust fans to direct the smoke away from the area then it will be feasible. 

At first glance, banning smoking at all restaurants seem like a viable step to take. After all, why would a reduction in air pollution and second hand smoke intake for non smokers be a bad idea? Firstly, it's important to take into consideration that there are smokers who are heavily addicted to smoking. These individuals have to take consistent cigarette breaks to ensure that they do not suffer from the withdrawal symptoms, as theyou've been smoking for many years. Secondly, it would be possible to tweak the system, so as to allow smokers to smoke, while not affecting the rest of the population. There could be smoking rooms in the restaurant, or cordoned off areas located outside the dining area as designated smoking points, permitting the smokers to smoke there. This would resultantly cause minimal disturbance in air quality to the non smokers, as the harmful second hand smoke would be dissipated before it reaches them. Also, it would give the smokers an avenue to relax and enjoy their cigarettes, after eating. Completely banning smoking straightaway at all restaurants across the country would result in displeasure within the smoking community, from the sudden and drastic change in smoking policies. If it is pertinent to improve air quality conditions by a reduction in smoking habits of the people in the country, it has to be done gradually, easing the policies in, so that the people affected are able to adjust to the new regulations. 

I feel that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. The most important reason is that smoking is harmful and there is no advantage of smoking. Not only does smoking cause health problems, breathing in second hand smoke is much more harmful than the smoke originally from the cigarettes. Not only does smoking in restaurants affect the other patrons who are there to enjoy their meals, it may also cause their meals to be unpleasant. To non smokers, the smoke is smelly and may cause their clothes and personal items to absorb the smell of the smoke. I feel that having a meal at a restaurant should be an enjoyable one and it is an opportunity for people who are stressed to relax and have a good meal. By banning smoking at all restaurants in the country, it creates a pleasant place for people to enjoy their meals with their friends and family. The dining atmosphere could be severely affected if there is a patron who is seated behind you and smoking at the same time. In addition, if someone with medical history asthma inhales the smoke, it may cause an asthma attack and the consequences could be disastrous. Thus I feel that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country because it is harmful to breathe in second hand smoke and it creates an unpleasant dining experience at the restaurant. 

I agree totally with this statement, as I believe that the society will benefit from this movement if it is implemented. It has already been widely recognised that smoking, both direct and second hand, has dire effects on an individual's health. Such impacts will also result in high social cost for the society in general in the forms of lower productivity and less healthy populations with higher incidences of lungs related diseases, which will then warrant higher need and urgency to divert national budgets towards healthcare treatment from other equally important sectors like education and nation building. The urgency for its implementation is especially emphasized in the context of the restaurants, where family outings are usually conducted. Children are widely known to have a weaker immune system, and hence are more susceptible to the harmful effects of second hand smoking. Yet given the addictive nature of smoking, I do not deny the possibility that this movement might face some objections from the smokers themselves. However, I still opine that Singapore will only benefit from the banning of smoking in its ground in the long term as smoking is too much a negative externalities to its economy and society as large. Moreover, quitting smoking will also improve the lifestyles and health of its population which can then free up extra resources for other important sectors in Singapore that we would like to develop on. No doubt this will be a long term measure, but restaurants are a good starting point for this movement. 

Smoking cannot and should not be completely banned from all restaurants in the country. While many argue that smoking is harmful for one's health and the health of those around him or her, smoking has become a part of society and even culture for some. Keeping in mind that all restaurants include not just indoor, air conditioned units but also outdoor, alfresco style dining places, the ban of smoking in all restaurants would not be economically and socially unfavourable. Firstly, if smoking is banned in all restaurants, there will be an economic loss as smokers will be deterred from eating at the restaurants. In Singapore, it can be easily observed that a rather large portion of people, of different ages and sex, smoke and this will cause revenue to drop significantly. In addition, if the ban of smoke is due to the creation of a "greener" environment at restaurants, the ban may not prove to be very successful. The issue of smoking and pollution will still persist as smokers who do dine at the restaurants may simply head outside the restaurant to indulge in a stick or two, thus infringing on the benefits of creating smoke free restaurants. Secondly, the ban of smoking in restaurants may prove to be socially unappealing due to the large portion of smokers in Singapore. With the increasing number of smokers in Singapore and the prominence of cigarette sales in convenience stores, the penetration of smoking as a habit is rising. Although majority of the population in Singapore do not smoke, the smoking sector in Singapore is significant enough to cause many to frown upon the non smoking law. If the ban of smoking is to encourage people to quit smoking or to make the environment greener, I would suggest stepping up on education campaigns to curb smoking when young, and also public relations campaigns. 

Whilst the harmful effects of smoking on the health of both smokers and non smokers are widely recognised, a complete ban on smoking in all restaurants countrywide would be too extreme a measure. It is more appropriate to phase out smoking and help smokers to quit before banning smoking at all restaurants. Smoking is addictive and smokers can find it difficult to quit smoking even when it is banned. More help should be given to smokers such as recommending them to anti smoking centres and alternatives like nicotine patches or electronic cigarettes that help them resist the addiction. Public awareness should be raised and economic incentives to quit smoking should be put in place to create an overall environment that discourages smoking instead of outright banning it. A smoking ban is merely a piece of legislation that is a symptomatic measure and does not solve the real problem. Smoking has been banned in schools and air conditioned places, bus stops and lifts. However, many smokers still flout these regulations and even now, bus stops and lifts are still not smoke free. The authorities, however, do not have the manpower and resources to monitor the situation and this poor enforcement limits the effectiveness of smoking bans in these places. Similarly, a ban on smoking in restaurants may have limited effectiveness and instead, smoking should be discouraged through other measures that give actual support to smokers trying to quit. 

There is a common consensus that smoking is bad for health as it leads to many diseases such as lung or throat cancer. In addition, smoking also leads to second hand smoke that affects non smokers as well in the form of passive smoking which lead to similar health problems. As such, it may be understandable to ban smoking in all restaurants. However, this might cause a drop in customers for the restaurants as they might choose alternatives like hawker centres or taking out and eating in a place where they are allowed to smoke. Also, smoking is a lifestyle choice and people should be given the option to smoke or not, without so many legal restrictions. In my opinion, smoking should definitely be banned within the indoor seating of the restaurant as it causes the second hand smoke to diffuse and remain within the air circulation. As such, if the restaurant is able to maintain an outdoor smoking seating area, which is isolated in a manner that little or no second hand smoke can reach the indoor or outdoor non smoking areas, smoking need not be completely banned from all restaurants. This will give flexibility to customers who may be heavy or social smokers. 

I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants for the very fundamental argument that smoking involuntarily affects third parties (non smokers) and that third parties should not be forced to accept these negative health effects in a venue like a restaurant. It is important to draw a clear distinction before we delve deeper into the said argument. We are not advocating a ban on smoking completely     but a ban of smoking at all restaurants. This is a distinction that should be always kept in mind for detractors who advocate smoking. The purpose of a restaurant, arguably, is for consumption of food, and by extension, one may argue, deriving additional benefits on top of food, for instance, time spent with friends and family at a restaurant. That said, it is ludicrous for a smoker, to start lighting up his cigarette just because he "needs' it and affect other diners, especially non smokers. We do not even need to analysis the negative effects of smoking to make my argument valid. By smoking at a restaurant, it is indirectly imposing an obligation to the diners to be passive smokers. To further illustrate my point, I will use the example of talking and shouting loudly at a restaurant. Similar to smoking, it violates the "fundamental" purpose of being at a restaurant and by shouting loudly, it is causing a disturbance (in terms of noise level) to other diners. Like smoking, it imposes an obligation for other diners to tolerate this noise in the midst of a meal and family bonding time. 

Smoking has always known to be bad to health. In fact, there is no good arguments, nor acceptable arguments, for anyone to argue for smoking as a beneficial activity. Smoking is bad, and second hand smoking is even more harmful to our body. This is why I do agree strongly that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Although it is up to the individual to pick up smoking, and there can be no law enforced which forces smokers to quit smoking, smokers should be considerate to the non smokers. It is their choice to ruin their health, however, it is not right to aggravate the health of the innocent people who are around them when they are smoking. Especially in Singapore where restaurants are usually air conditioned and enclosed, smoking should all the more be banned to prevent the public from breathing in the toxic smoke. Moreover, restaurants, being a public area, should be a place that is comfortable for everyone to be in. Being completely banned might give rise to protests from smokers, and they may even resort to gathering outside the restaurant to take their smoke break. Nevertheless, this should not deter us from trying to enforce a comfortable and healthy dining environment for everyone. In addition, there is also a pertinent need to convey the importance of being considerate, as well as the harmful effects of smoking and second hand smoking, to the smokers. 

The ban imposed on smoking at certain locations in Singapore has been an issue of concern in recent years. Places such as public bus stops, train stations and various shopping centers do not allow smoking. The same goes for restaurants in Singapore, where smoking is banned to various extents. One reason why smoking should be banned at restaurants in the country is due to the polluting nature of the activity. The smoke produced by cigarettes is extremely harmful to one's health. This is especially true for second hand smoking, by which non smokers are exposed to smoking activities in restaurants and inhale the cigarette smoke while eating. Inhaling the cigarette smoke might even cause people who are enjoying their meals to choke due to the incoming smoke filled air. In order not to harm other people's health or affect them while they enjoy their meals, smoking should not be allowed inside restaurants. Smoking should also be banned at restaurants which are air conditioned. Such restaurants can be found almost everywhere in Singapore, including fast food restaurants such as McDonald's. This is because smoke sensors, which are extremely important as safety measures, might detect cigarette smoke and trigger the fire alarm unnecessarily. As such, some restaurants allow smoking but only at outdoor areas so as not to keep the smoke within the air conditioned restaurant. In conclusion, smoking should be banned at restaurants due to health reasons. To consider the needs of smokers, restaurants can allocate small outdoor areas for smoking. However, such smoking areas should not be available very easily if the government is trying to discourage smoking on a country level. 

It is of no doubts that smoking causes health problems and other social issues. Thus, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. The problems brought about by smoking far exceeds the economical or other benefits it brings to the country. Firstly, and most importantly, smoking not only harms the individual, but also harms the people around. As one might know, second hand smoke are more toxic than first hand smoke. Hence, the smoker bring harm to other people who are not smoking at all. This is definitely an inconsiderate act. Additionally, the harmful effects that smoking brings about is not just some simple seasonal flu or random coughs. Here, we are talking about lung cancers, nasal cancers and many other associated diseases associated with smoking. One might also know that the treatment cost for cancers are extremely high, and it can be a burden even to the people with middle high income group. Besides that, smoking usually cause cancers after many years, hence, when the individual is old, the amount of pain the individual is going to suffer will be greater as he or she will be more susceptible to other diseases due to smoking dampening his or her immune system. Besides that, restaurants are usually closed environment. Hence, the smoke which gets exhaled out from the smoker will be circulated in the restaurant for many cycles. This will lead to many serious health problems as mentioned. Consequently, the staff working in the restaurant will suffer the most. The consequences compounds when the restaurant staff is the breadwinner of the family or if he or she is a student. This will lead to social and health issues. Thus, it's evident that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. 

Smoking should indeed be banned at all restaurants across the country. There is not a single benefit from the habit that justifies the continuation of an act which endangers not just the smoker's health but also the people physically in close proximity. Smoking has been a social habit since the 18th century, and has undergone several evolutions before being marketed globally and becoming a lucrative business. Smoking is the number one cause for the high rates of lung cancers and other smoke related diseases. Nothing strange about that, if one looks closely at the components of a cigarette. Nicotine, tartar and other harmful chemicals are all packed into this little package which promises a momentary physical "paradise" for its users, and require frequent use if users want to relive this comfortable state. Most people are addicted to it not purely by choice, but by a physical addiction, which is triggered by psychological responses to the withdrawal symptoms if one attempts to quit smoking. People around smokers get what we call "second hand smoke", which researchers say are at least as dangerous as the "first hand smoke" smokers get. Thus, we can see the extended damage that smoking can cause. Smoking is a common tool of social bonding between smokers, which is not to be neglected since smokers form a considerable part of society. Given its large industry, tobacco and cigarette manufacturers are formidable establishments which can be detrimental to economies if they are to be closed down. These are the significant reasons why smoking still exists. We have seen why smoking still persists, even if obvious reasons justify their elimination. Still, advocates against smoking are commonly supported, and smoking is continually being eradicated across the world. Other than restaurants, other places are starting to ban smoking entirely, and this is a good first move towards a cleaner world for all. 

I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. However, I do think that smoking should be completely banned at indoor areas of all restaurants in the country. It can be allowed at alfresco dining areas. In a closed door environment, there is no ventilation and thus smoking in a restaurant severely impacts the health of second hand smokers. Many people dine in a restaurant to enjoy the service and comfort it provides, but the presence of smoke in the same room would mitigate the value proposition of a restaurant. Not only will people be bothered by the fact that they are now involuntary second hand smokers, inhaling the smoke smell while eating would disrupt one's supposed gastronomical delight. From the non smoker's point of view, it is thus very disruptive if smoking is allowed at all restaurants in Singapore. Smoking is still accepted as a vice in society today and thus it should be banned in closed door, communal environments. While the smoker may argue that it is one's right to smoke anywhere anyhow, he forgets that the act of smoking is done in a community and thus one has to give up one's private rights for the benefit of the collective community. This is how it is done in a rather collectivistic society like Singapore. Unless society is slowly moving towards the concept of smoking as a normalized activity without harming the collective, it should be banned at all air conditioned restaurants in Singapore. 

I can not agree more that smoking should be completely forbidden at all the restaurants in this country. First of all, smoking does not only harm the heath of smokers but also affects people around the smokers, especially for pregnant women, children and the elderly. Smoking has been causally linked to cancer, heart and respiratory diseases. Furthermore, passive smoking has been associated with lung cancers, allergies, eyes and skin diseases and so on. Restaurants usually have an enclosed environment where the air is not fresh; smoking will bring more damage to consumers' health. Secondly, smoking is usually considered as a potential cause for fire. Poorly placed cigarettes are very likely to start a fire in a restaurant where many of the furniture are inflammable. On the other hand, as most of the restaurants are equipped with fire alarms. Smoking will trigger fire alarms and will cause problems for the other consumers and the workers in a restaurant. Lastly, smoking are gradually considered as a bad habit and banned in most public places, such as airport, MRT and schools. Even though the restaurants are supposed to be places where people consume foods and get relaxed, there are non smokers than smokers and it would surely benefit the smokers a lot if smoking are banned in the restaurants. 

In Singapore, the act of smoking is generally frowned upon as it is detrimental to the smoker's health, as well as the people inhaling the smoke exhaled by the smoker. To enforce a ban on smoking at all restaurants in the country would probably result in cheers from the non smoking camp, while disapprovals from the smokers would probably be of a very strong nature. Smoking results in tar and other carcinogenic substances accumulating in the lungs of people, which could then lead to lung cancer, obesity and other health problems. Second hand smoke has been shown to be as harmful as first hand smoke, if not worse. By imposing a ban on smoking at all the restaurants countrywide, all the health conscious people would probably be very strong supporters of the ban. They would no longer have to worry about how much longer they have to live due to the smoke generated by the person smoking at the next table while eating. While smoking is detrimental to the smoker and the people around him, we should not totally disregard him under the fa?ade of sacrificing the minority for the greater good. Due to nicotine in the cigarette, smokers have a need to smoke in order to repress the urge caused by nicotine addiction. By banning smoking at all the restaurants, the smokers would have been overlooked and might cause them great discomfort by not being able to smoke during meal times. I believe that extremities should not exist and that there should always be compromise when two or more parties are involved. Instead of banning smoking in restaurants, limit the smoking area to a smoking room away from the dining area so that the smokers are able to fulfill their urges without inconveniencing the other dinners. 

I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, by banning smoking in restaurants, it will cause inconvenience to the smokes and deter them from dining in the restaurants. As such, it may influence them in a way such that they will consider the detriments of smoking in different aspects and attempt to abandon the bad habit of smoking. It provides an extra incentive for them to quit smoking. Secondly, smoking is bad for the health of smokers, but it creates a worse impact on the health of second hand smokers. Therefore, by banning smoking in the restaurants, it increases the welfare of the diners who are non smokers and allows them to dine in comfort without the risk of inhaling smoke. However, on the other hand, it may not be feasible to ban smoking in all restaurants as it will affect the businesses of the restaurants and may in turn, affect the economy growth. Also it may affect the sales of cigarettes, which is an important source of revenue for the government. To sum up, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it benefits the society in terms of welfare. Nevertheless, it is highly infeasible since it may cause an impact on the economy. 

There are many reasons as to why smoking should be banned in restaurants. From an economist perspective, smoking causes more harm to the society than to an individual because of the effect of second hand smoking. More often than not, smokers often cause collateral damage in a sense that when they smoke, others unintentionally inhale the smoke. Second hand smoking has been proven on many occasions through research to be more devastating to a person's health than actual smoking itself. This can more than substantiate the reason for banning smoking in public areas such as restaurants. On the other hand, banning smoking in restaurants can be harmful towards many restaurant businesses. Since restaurants are targeted at the more affluent crowd, who consists of a significant proportion of working class men who partake in smoking cigars as a social activity, banning smoking from restaurants might see a significant drop in customers. However, it can be argued that the extent of this effect is minimal. Of late, with aggressive campaigning against smoking in many countries, more people are quitting and less people are picking up this habit. Also, by banning smoking, it may attract more families to patronize such restaurants since they will be perceived as more family oriented because of the restaurants' smoke free policy. Thus, in conclusion the benefits of banning smoking in all countries far outweigh its disadvantages. 

Being an asthmatic, I have an inherent unsuitability in smoke filled environments and this has developed in me displeasure towards smokers in public. I sincerely believe that smoking should be disallowed in restaurants in Singapore because it only serves to pleasure the smoker himself at the expense of all other people in the area. Firstly, neighbouring tables and ultimately the entire restaurant will be engulfed in second hand smoke. Not only does this affect the health of fellow patrons as well as staff of the restaurant, it also dampens the atmosphere in the place. Just imagine going on a first date, thinking that all will be good with a nice setting, great food and great service. All is achieved, but you and your partner had to inhale nicotine and tar and their accompaniment of toxins. And you two leave the place with stinky hair and clothes, and an increased chance of contracting lung cancer. Not the best ending for a first date, is it? Secondly, because smoking affects one's taste buds, smoking in a restaurant prevents enjoyment of the dishes painstakingly prepared by the chef. Not only does the diner not taste the meal in its intended flavours, the act of smoking flushes all the chefs' efforts of experimenting and preparing down the drain. Not only does it not do the diner justice, it is being highly disrespectful to the chef as well. One may argue that smoking helps clinch deals in corporate meetings, but it is simply unfathomable to me that killing both parties slowly works better than healthy interaction. But of course, the human rights argument. The government may want to look into the creation of smoking chambers like at some international airports, which would allow smokers their moment of lung pollution without affecting their fellow human beings. 

I agree with this statement. Smoking in restaurants will definitely have an effect on the environment of that restaurant. This in turn can affect the restaurant's customer satisfaction, especially families with kids or non smokers. This is because second hand smoke can also be detrimental to health. Moreover, most coffee shops and bus stops in Singapore already banned smoking. This is to discourage smoking and also to help prevent non smokers from coming into contact with second hand smoke. If smoking is banned at all restaurants, it would help to achieve this aim even further. On the other hand, by banning smoking at all restaurants in the country may result in restaurants losing customers who smoke as they now would not have the freedom to smoke in the compound and may turn to coffee shops, that allow smoking, to dine instead. Currently in Singapore, there are an increasing proportion of non smokers relative to smokers thus the focus should be put on non smokers. Although banning smoking in restaurants will make them lose their smoking customers, this policy would be able to attract non smokers, which is a larger number in Singapore, to dine at restaurants. Banning smoking would do more good than harm as smoking causes more harm to the human body in the long term than the temporary mental enjoyment during smoking. Therefore in conclusion, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. 

 I disagree with the statement. I believe that everyone in Singapore has a right to do what they want, including smoking in restaurants. Such a phenomenon is uncommon in Singapore and it is a harsh statement. Smoking is harmful to one's health and the government has stepped up measures to curb the problem of inhaling in too much second hand smoke in public places. Furthermore, it would be difficult to enforce the rule of completely banning smoking at all restaurants. There would surely have those that will find ways and means to bend the rules. On the bright side, I observed that customers in the restaurant usually have the habit of going outside the restaurant to have a puff too. Thus the smell of the smoke is un noticeable in restaurants usually. It would be good if smoking can be banned in restaurants in Singapore, as it would mean a better dining environment for all of the customers in the restaurant itself, and everyone can have a meal with a piece of mind, without worrying about second hand smoke. If there is such a ban I believe that it would quite a long time for its full effects to completely materialise. 200 words 

While it is absolutely true that smoking is unhealthy for both the smoker himself and the surrounding people, we have no rights to stop people smoking if this action does not affect the welfare of the general public. Nevertheless, it is not realistic to ban smoking in all the restaurants because restaurants are important places for people to socialize and relax and smoking has become a common practice during family and business gathering in certain culture. Instead, restaurants should set up separate smoking area that will allow smokers to smoke. By doing so, both smokers and non smokers who dine at the restaurants will be satisfied. Although this seems to be the best way out for both groups of people, it does not mean that the society should encourage smoking. Smoking is not only unhealthy for the smokers, but will also bring negative externalities to the whole community. Allowing people smoking in designated area is perhaps the best way for the society to show respect and equality for each individual. Besides, to discourage people smoking in public areas, the restaurants could also choose to charge a higher price for smokers or offer cigarettes substitutes such as candies or drinks to smokers to help them inhibit their addiction temporarily. 

