It is not important for college student to have a part time job as it may not offer what is required for the students. Whether a not college students need the job is dependent on their financial needs and also their priorities. College life may have long breaks in between the semesters which serve as a very timely period for doing a part time job which can finance the students' expenses or luxurious spending such as getting a new smart phone or accessories. Students who have other priorities such as getting good grades or having a better portfolio would rather spend time doing an internship in a company or to prepare for the upcoming modules they have to take. For students who are financially burdened, a part time job is important for them to fulfil their daily needs. However, for those who are not, it can merely serve as a mean to fill their excess time and it also comes with monetary reward. Some may argue that working part time can help a college student manage their time more effectively, especially if the part time job is done regularly during semester period as there will be lesser time spare for the student to do their academic work. However, having a co curricular activity or taking up a leadership position in various groups can better enhance the students' college life. Therefore, I believe that the importance of having a part time job for students in college is not necessary unless by circumstances or by the needs that the students have to satisfy. 

Some people believe that as college students, we should not have part time jobs as that will leave us less time on our studies, which is what our primary responsibility is. However, I agree that it is beneficial for college students to have a part time job, if they have good time management. Firstly, getting a part time job is the first step to learning how to be independent, and university is the best time to do so. As university course choices and education is more self directed than in junior college or high school, most college students have much free time on their hands. Having a part time job is thus a good way of making use of their time wisely, and earning their own income at the same time. Secondly, a part time job can act as a bridge between college education and their careers in the future. This is especially so when their part time job coheres with what they hope to do in the future, for example, some students may choose to take up a part time job in healthcare institutions if their course of study is healthcare related such as nursing, medicine or pharmacy. Their part time jobs will allow them to get a better understanding of how the industry/organisation really works, and thus makes their learning more meaningful. Even if their part time jobs are different from their courses of study, students will still be able to learn universal skills like teamwork, communication skills and the importance of spending money wisely that will help them in their future. In conclusion, it is important for college students to have a part time job. 

I find it hard to make a generalisation on whether it's important or not for college students to have a part time job, because this seems like something very individual and highly dependent on the individual student and their circumstances. Jobs serve a few main functions: to earn money, to gain experience, to get a head start in a career, and to have something to do. Whether or not it's important for a given college student to have a part time job would thus be dependent on how important those various factors are for them. A poor student, for instance, would find a (paying) job beneficial or even necessary to meet their financial needs, and would find such a job to be more important for them than it would be for a rich student who does not have to worry about finances. Alternatively, a student might take up a job to gain experience and expand their horizons beyond the merely academic, and consider this an important pursuit. Another student might, however, find the time spent on a job to be better spent on their college work, studying and getting the best grades they can, so as to be able to (ideally) get a better job in future. Yet another student might wish to enjoy their last few years of freedom before entering the workforce, and find it more important to have free time to spend on leisure, rather than on a job. A final hypothetical student might meanwhile be already struggling with their college work (with or without additional commitments), and getting a job would further jeopardise their ability to cope. As such, while having a part time job would be important for some college students, this assertion cannot be universally applied to all of them. 

I agree to a limited extent that college students should have a part time job. Part time jobs that actively look into recruiting students usually belong to the service, food and beverage and retail industries. The jobs offered are usually on shift basis with a minimum number of working days and working hours, giving students a considerable amount of flexibility when planning their schedule for the week or the month. Having a part time job provide learning experiences for the student that they otherwise would not experience in school. Work commitment, managing relationships with colleagues, time management, stress management and learning new skills are some of the things a student can gain if they were to have a part time job. By joining the workforce earlier, the student may enjoy an easier transition from their role as a student to being part of the workforce upon graduation. In addition, working part time also encourages the student to be financially independent by earning their own allowance. However, having a part time job can be time consuming because of the weekly commitment. The time that could have been allocated to assignment research or exam revision could be significantly compromised because of the job requirements. In addition, the fatigue and lack of rest can lead to unproductivity when the student eventually settles down to finish their schoolwork. This may impact their results and harm their progress in their studies. To conclude, I would recommend students to only look for a part time job if they have limited income at home. Otherwise, students should fully immerse themselves in college life and enjoy the facilities while they have the luxury of time to do so. It is more important to enjoy their role as a student and to excel in it rather than to focus on getting a part time job. 

Having a part time job as a college student can both be a bear or a bull. It all depends on the students' willingness and openness in welcoming the job or not. It is never said that college students should be working part time and I can double confirm my both parents are very against the idea. In many ways, working part time is very time consuming. It will take off a large period of time off the students' already hectic life. Students would have to juggle between study and work which will definitely results in poor grades. Having to work part time during my holidays can prove my point that it is never easy to balance between work and play, what is more of studying? However partaking in a part time job to some is a two edge sword. To some, it is necessary. Poverty stricken kids need to work to pay college fees while others see it as an opportunity to get first hand experience on work life after graduation as an adult. Hence, I disagree that it is important for college students to hold a part time job while studying to a certain extent because students' job already is to study, unless there is a compelling reason to work such as exposing to a golden opportunity for learning. In contrast, I think that high school students should get a part time job instead because the amount of work loads they get is much lighter and no internships for them, which college students get to have. 

To claim that something is important, it means to say that the thing is a priority in the individual's life. However, I feel that the main responsibility of a college student is to study, and not to earn money. Hence, I would refrain from saying that having a part time job is necessarily important. Having a part time job is only important in some scenarios. As college tuition can be very expensive, some students find themselves having to work part time in order to pay for their college tuition. In this case, having a part time job would be a priority to the individual, as without the salary earned from the part time job, the individual would be unable to pay college tuition and attend college. However, while not important in most other cases, having a part time job can still be beneficial. The salary earned from part time jobs allows college students a certain amount of financial autonomy and teaches them independence. Besides, earning a little extra pocket money never hurts. College students who have to juggle both studies and part time work are also trained to have good time management. This is a useful skill to learn in life. In addition, the part time job contributes to the individual's work experience, and is a good chance for the individual to learn about workforce etiquette. In conclusion, having a part time job is only important in some situations, not all. But even if not important, the individual might still want to consider taking up part time work so long as one can cope with the demands of both studies and work due to the various benefits that one might stand to gain. 

I believe that it can be beneficial for college students to have a part time job, but its necessity depends very much on his/her circumstances. A part time job, foremost, can provide students with a source of income. This will reduce some of the financial burden that their educational fees and other miscellaneous spending place on their families. Working for their own income (or a portion thereof) also nurtures in them a responsibility for managing their personal spending and earning patterns. It is likely that experiencing the effort required to generate income will incentivise frugality and wiser spending decisions. Furthermore, part time jobs allow students to hone new or existing skills. A tutoring job, for example, not only allows the student to keep his/her mind active and constantly practise the subject, but also forces him/her to acquire a whole new trove of skills relating to teaching. An administrative job can prepare the student for administrative work     which exists in most regular jobs     required in future, as well as allow him/her to exercise organisational skills. On the other hand, a part time job may detract a student's attention from his/her studies. A significant amount of time and effort inevitably has to be dedicated to the job, and this comes at the opportunity cost of revision and other school work. Should the student not be able to cope with both simultaneously, it would definitely be better for him/her to focus on studies and perhaps take up temporary job opportunities during the holidays instead. Therefore, I feel that a part time job can be an important part in a college student's development, but need not necessarily be a priority. 

Having a part time job while one is a student can be beneficial to him or her. Firstly, he or she is able to earn some money using his or her own effort. Secondly, it does not take up too much responsibility nor time, and in ideal situations will not distract the too much from his or her main occupation as a student. Moreover, one is able to make friends in his or her working circle, and understand how to navigate the working world after graduation. Many students take up tuition assignments which are ad hoc and easy to manage around their time table, while others seek jobs during the week ends or at night, after their lessons. Part time jobs are usually popular with people who have other more serious commitments, but have some spare time in which they would like a change in environment, or earn some money. Personally, I have worked as a packer at a florist's packing hampers during the Chinese New Year holidays. Although I was required to work overtime and was given minimal wages, I look back on those days with fondness now remembering my friendly co workers and my pride in my first (albeit low) salary. I would highly encourage students to try out a variety of part time jobs, so as to be able to try out different experiences, rather than opting for higher paying, but boring jobs. 

College students are stuck in a strange period of their lives   they are expected to behave like adults in society, and yet do not the financial prowess of one. Mired in a busy schedule of academic work, the results of which will probably have a critical bearing on the rest of their lives, college students can sometimes barely find the time to enjoy an adequate social life, much less ensure a fixed income for their ever increasing appetite for spending and consuming. It is therefore exceptionally beneficial for students to partake in some form of temporary or part time job in the hours outside of class that is able to support their growing expenditure; less reliance on parents' allowance or the need to scrimp and save, more self sufficiency and growing pride in the ability to support themselves. While it is certainly good to be gain some financial independence, the trade off for such part time jobs would be time spent on studies, on making friends and networks that can only be gotten in college, and spending time on extra curricular activities that will develop into useful skills and interests for life. Moreover, part time jobs usually have meager pay, and the learning opportunities for a temporary staff member is small to say the least     the returns on such a job can far outweigh its costs, and thus students may be better off not having a part time job. It is thus sometimes far more important to make sure one is making full use of his or her college life   a once in a lifetime occurrence   rather than spend precious time slaving away for a little bit of money. 

In my opinion, the importance for college students to have a part time job varies from individual to individual. I agree that is it indeed important for college students to have a part time job if they are financially in need or are needed to financially support their family due to unfortunate circumstances. For example, it is important for a college student who is financially strained to have a part time job if he is able to cope with schoolwork and has time to commit himself to a part time job. The salary he obtained although minimal would definitely lessen the burden of his family or provides him an additional income for his expenses. Additionally, the part time job could also serve as a meaningful experience for the person. However, I disagree that it is important for college students to work part time if they are financially comfortable or if they are unable to cope with their schoolwork. In this case, the commitment to part time work would be an added burden and not a bonus for them. Alternatively, they should use their spare time catching up on their work or using it on their hobbies or leisure since time would no longer be a luxury after they graduated. So as a whole, the importance for college students to have a part time job really depends on the individual itself and there are not general rule to indicate whether having a job is crucial for that person or not. 

I disagree with the statement " It is important for college students to have a part time job. " because I believe college should be a time solely dedicated to learning and discovery, instead of having to worry about responsibilities. While certain students may be forced to take up part time jobs due to financial difficulties, those who can afford it should spend their time on other pursuits such as partaking in extra curricular activities. College is the last period in a young adult's life when he/she are able to absolve him/her from adult responsibilities, and be "selfish". They should maximise opportunities available in college to learn as much as they can about the world, and to do everything they have always wanted to, without worrying so much about the repercussions. College is the only time they can stay up to party all night ; dedicate themselves entirely to a worthwhile cause (e. g spending 3 months doing community service overseas) ; or travel around the world for as long as they like. In other words, college is the best time for them to fully live out their lives, before adult responsibilities set in and other priorities take precedent over their personal desires and needs. Therefore, college students should not have to bother themselves with working part time during college. 

It is not important for college students to have a part time job. First and foremost, it can be physically straining for the students should they take up a part time job. Having a part time job would mean that a student would have to travel to the workplace, work for a stipulated number of hours and then travel back home. On top of that, the student would have to travel to school and sit in lectures for long periods of time. Over time, the student would feel physically tired trying to balance out work and school. This could negatively influence their grades since the student is not in tip top condition to study effectively. Therefore, it is not advisable for college students to take up a part time job. Also, the time spent earning money while doing a part time job can be used for revision instead. With more time for revision, the student would be less likely to suffer from stress due to last minute cramming for the exams. Hence, it would be a better idea to dedicate the extra time that they have to their studies instead of working part time. Lastly, one may argue that a student can gain more pocket money or support the family through working part time. However, if the student is truly in need of finances, one can always apply for financial assistance to alleviate their financial strain. Thus, there is no need for one to take up a part time job while one is studying in college. In conclusion, the most important job for a student is to work hard in their studies so that they can excel and in future, they would be able to land a proper full time job. In conclusion, the most important job for a student is to work hard in their studies so that they can excel and in future, they would be able to land a proper full time job. 

 All students must first and foremost recognize that their studies are their full time jobs. The common trade off for such work is simple, the more you work, the greater the chance that your grades will decline, after all, you only have 24 hours in a day. Jobs during college won't make you rich, but they might help pay some bills and give you a little more leeway when it comes to entertainment options. Another benefit to taking these jobs is that they help you learn to face the real world. College is often a time when youths are sheltered; they lack the opportunities to experience genuine hardship, financial insecurity and job insecurity. Taking up a job, no doubt part time, will give them a glimpse of what all these feels like, without the worry that it is actually happening to you. By all means, if a youth is comes from a family that is struggling to make ends meet, he or she should go ahead and take up one or more part time work, but there must be a realization that if his or her studies do not make the grade, then the family will continue to struggle past his or her college years. Students will need to consider scheduling when applying for jobs. The last thing they want is to attend an 8am lecture after finishing a 12 hour night shift the previous day. Priorities are important and working part time will help students discover where their heart really lies. The job should schedule around their school timings and not the other way around. The question on whether to take part time or full time employment depends solely on the individual. Should he be someone who is acing all his modules, then go ahead and get full time employment, but if he or she has many other commitments, then perhaps part time is the way to go. 

Among the little experiences I had at various work stints, the one job I enjoyed tremendously was my time at a local primary school. It was a nerve wrecking experience during the first week, as I recall, because not is the school my alma mater, I did not have prior teaching credentials. But as the days grew longer and my command of the arsenal of tools that teachers had over their students expanded, I learnt to love my job and the children I taught. Some days, I could honestly say that corporate punishment deserves to stay in mainstream school in order to keep the teachers sane, but on others, I appreciated the youthful spirit and intellectual curiosity that these 10 year olds were displaying. It didn't matter that most were struggling with basic Math problems, since it was a neighborhood school, because you could see the equal passions in the teachers to help these students develop as best as they could. And then, there was Peter Tan. I taught him when he was in Primary 3 and the only thing I could remember initially was what a rascal he was. He sat behind a bunch of prudish girls, and he never failed to get them annoyed by the end of first period. It was partly annoying on my side because I had to get him to stop, and partly amusing because Peter was pulling off some of the funniest pranks on his classmates. Did I also mention that Peter was scoring a string of As in his examinations? Some pupils do have it all I suppose. Perhaps one day I shall take time off my own rollercoaster of life and revisit this old passion. 

Generally, it having a part time job would be beneficial to a college students as such jobs provide valuable experience, allow students to discover their passion and also instil a sense of responsibility. By having a part time job, college students will be able to gain valuable work experience and develop work related skills that cannot be honed through college education. Such skills include working within a hierachical organisation, where there are bosses to please, subordinates to control and colleagues to get along with. Also, for the college students who have yet to settle on their one true passion, having a part time job gives them a taste of what that particular career path constitutes. This exposure enables the student to better decide on future career options before even entering the work force, thus saving valuable time when the student actually enters the work force. Finally, a part time job instils in college student a sense of responsibility. More often than not, college is the final sprint in one's race towards intellectual fulfilment. Beyond college, what awaits the student is a working life filled with responsibilities. Instead of letting all these responsibilities come crumbling down onto the student upon graduation, it would be better for the student to develop such sense of responsibilities slowly throughout college education. 

In my opinion, it is not that important for students to have a part time job, provided that they have the financial capabilities to do so. The period spent at university is one's last chance of enjoying carefree youth without the responsibilities of being an adult. Being a student has its perks, and being free from selling one's labour is a part of it. After graduation we are plagued with so called adult responsibilities and are expected to take up these expectations by society. In a usual middle class setting, we are expected to work hard, pay off student loans and be responsible for our own finances, contributing to the family instead of leeching off our parents. With a whole life time ahead for work, work, and more work, I reckon that it would be good to devote all of our time to school     taking part in school activities, enjoying the learning process of a subject we enjoy and living up the last few years of reckless youth. Granted, I understand that some might not be so fortunate to enjoy schooling life. In that case, working part time for extra allowance would be useful and helpful for his / her family. I am sure that many university students are working for extra allowance, or taking a financial load of their families. 

In this day and age, there are many college students who take up part time jobs for their own various reasons. For some, it serves as an extra source of income, while others could be supporting themselves. Nonetheless, is it really that important for college students to have a part time job? I believe that it is good for students to take up part time jobs, however, having a part time job as a student means that one would have less time and energy to channel towards school and schoolwork. Students would have to manage their time well and if they do not succeed in doing so, chances are that their studies will probably suffer at the expense of the part time job. When their studies start suffering, the importance level of the part time job decreases. I feel that their energy should be focused on doing well in school, and if there is no need for the student to support his or herself, it is definitely not important for them to have a part time job. However, it is also good for college students to take up part time jobs, because it teaches them to be a little bit more independent and responsible. When they have part time jobs, they have to balance their time for work and school. This will teach them to maximize their time, and in addition, they will also earn a little bit of financial independence so they do not have to rely on their parents all the time. Overall, I feel that it is good if students can take up part time jobs, but it is not of such importance that it becomes a necessity. Sure, it teaches one to manage their time better and provides a little more spending money, but it is definitely not important unless one needs the money to survive. (300 words) 

The question argues whether or not it is necessary for college students to hold a part time job. I disagree that it is important for the students to be holding a part time job. A student's main goal should be to learn and study, in other words to seek education. In other words, those actions are what make a student a student. A part time job pushes the student out into the corporate world, where education is no longer the main aim; rather, he becomes an employee and is expected to help the company reap profits and prevent the incurring of losses. Therefore, holding a part time job conflicts the duties of the student, whereby a student should be expected to be learning about differentiating the right from wrong and identifying the grey areas, or further knowledge for human general knowledge and capacity; while the duties of the employee is simply to concentrate on earning money or profits. Furthermore, holding a part time job does not affect how good a student is in terms of extra curricular activities. A part time job encompasses the selfish needs of monetary gains and rewards, despite the increase in experience that may be useful for later applications for jobs. In other words, the act of holding a part time job only adds value to the person in the corporate identity, but does not add value to the identity of a student. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. While it may prove a viable income for some and potentially provide a wealth of experiences, I am of the belief that a college student's main objective is to expend himself in his academic pursuits. Throughout my years in college, I sought part time work as a private tutor. This lasted four years, during which time I accumulated much teaching experience and developed several skills, such as conflict resolution and time management. I was glad to have the opportunity to help weaker students and make an impact on their lives. At times, I found the work fulfilling and enjoyable. However, despite the benefit of extra pocket money, the job was an additional source of stress, and the responsibility regrettably compromised the quality of my schoolwork. Students who do not mind such a compromise should definitely try their hand at a part time job. Such extra curricular work is also ideal for those with a lot of free time, or for whom money is tight. However, it certainly is not important or necessary for every single college student to hold a part time job     it is instead something to be pursued at leisure. 

I agree strongly that it is important for college students to have a part time job because of the life skills and broadening of horizon benefits it brings. A part time job exposes a student to a different working world, not necessary like the one they would have when they graduate, but exposes to working culture and flow of work. For example, a part time job may be one in retailing which the student has to cater to customers' demand and provision of good customer. When the student graduate, he or she may find themselves in the job of sales, promoting financial products or other products to potential clients. The skill sets of communication are actually transferable in the case. Instead on learning on the job, the student already has the advantage of having related experience. On the financial aspect, it is good to earn money through a part time job because the student can experience a degree of financial freedom that empowers him or her. Psychologically speaking, the financial ability gives the student a sense of confidence. Moreover, taking into account the higher cost of education these days, having some money means an increased ability to spend on non academic commitments like social gathering, recreational activities, which build up his or her ability to build good social ties and build up other capabilities. 

I would agree to a certain extent with the statement that college students should have a part time job. Being a current college student myself, I find that it is important to acquire some life skills and experience having reached the age where adulthood is imminent. Personally, having worked part time at Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts, a renowned institution offering arts education to tertiary students, my experience has allowed me to handle different situations with different types of people. This is something where one cannot learn off from a textbook. However, the context of when which the college student is holding a part time job hold equal significance as well. The period of time when college students are having their holiday is actually a good time for students to hold part time jobs. However, it may not be as beneficial for the student during term period. In my opinion, the job of a college student should be to study first and foremost in order to be able to obtain good grades. However, the diversion caused by having a part time job may affect the attention that students are affording to their students. As such, I believe that having a part time job is necessary for the long term, provided that it is being carried out at the right time. 

It is common for many college students to have a part time job such as a tuition teacher during the course of their tertiary studies. Amidst the rigorous academic and social demands of college, many people have wondered whether it is necessary and important for students to have a part time job. This is because many feel that a part time job only adds unnecessary stress for students and reduces students' time for studying, participating in school activities and socialising, all of which are widely considered as important aspects of college life. However, I still feel that it is important for college students to have a part time job due to various reasons. Firstly, a part time job can provide additional financial support for students. College fees are expensive despite subsidy from the Ministry of Education, with more than $10, 000 needed for four years of study. Additionally, college expenditure is expensive, with a typical textbook costing at least $30. Participation fees are required for most activities in college also such as clubs and competitions. Secondly, a part time job can help in the personal development of students. A part time job can help students develop their character by learning how to take responsibility and manage their time properly. This is because students will need to manage their time properly in order to balance their college life and part  time job. In addition, students will need to take responsibility for any mistakes made during the part time job and not quit only after a short period of work. In conclusion, a part time job is important as it provides financial support for students and helps in their personal development. This is reflected in the observation that many students, despite their part time job, are indeed able to manage their college life and part time job properly. 

It depends. College students who take on part time job need to understand their objectives of doing certain things, before actually doing it. For many students, the main reason for the need to having a part time job is basically due to the need for money. School fees are expensive and with all the daily expenses which include transport fees, hostel fees as well as textbooks which are very expensive, it is hard not to earn some income for sustainability. However, this is only required if students have the determination and see the need to fulfil such requirements themselves, rather than relying on parents or other sources of income, if they come from rich families. Apart from the money generated from having part time job, it could be due to the need to gain working experience to better prepare students for the working society when they graduate in the near future. Working during the semester holidays has always been the norm for many students since they usually have nothing to do at home and will decide to just venture out to earn some income. I would not see having a part time job as being important for college students. Students without part time job can strive well too, in their academic areas as well as non academic commitments. However, I believe it is important for one to have a part time job, because it allows you to manage time really efficiently. And I personally take on 8 students for private tuition separately. This has, in many ways, allowed me to gain valuable experience. 

I disagree with the statement. It is not important for college students to have a part time job; in fact, it is important that they do not have a part time job. The whole purpose of going to college is to study, not to work. Some might argue that working part time will be good experience for the students to prepare for the working world, but would the experience be better gained through internships that are related to what the students are studying rather than working a part time job that doesn't help the student in future. In fact, internships would make a better portfolio than part time jobs. Through internships, students get to apply what they learnt, compared to working part time. Working part time also decreases the time the student have to study, which undermines that purpose of college. Although part timing provide the student with an early source of income, it would be better for the student focus more on studying and achieve a good grade so that he or she can secure a good job in today's meritocratic society. Therefore, I would not recommend part time working to students. But I have no objections against internship. Internships have no repercussions on the student's education in college and help them to learn more, therefore, it is a more viable alternative to part time working. 

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job as it entails many benefits. These benefits include vocational experience, financial independence, and practicing time management. Such benefits are useful immediately upon graduation and for the rest of their lives. Firstly, part time jobs bring about vocational experience to prepare college students for the workforce, where they will experience how it is like to work in different environments. They will also gain technical skills and experience for the particular vocation they are working at, which could be useful in their future employment or personal lives. Secondly, a part time job might allow college students to be financially independent to some extent, in which they support themselves through college using their earnings. Consequently, college students would also learn to manage their finances, as they would have to set aside money for their education, personal expenses, and savings. Even if their earnings are not enough to cover the cost of their education, it would allow them to repay their tuition loans earlier or offset more expenses. Thus, students need not be in debt after their education or being entirely reliant on financing. Lastly, part time jobs would necessarily help a college student pick up time management skills as they would have to juggle both their education and their job. This could be disruptive in the short term, but if the student is able to juggle both effectively, he or she would be much more productive, and less likely to be sidetracked by distractions common in college life. In conclusion, part time jobs would be beneficial to college students in a myriad of ways, allowing them to pick up soft skills while financing themselves for the later part of their lives. 

I disagree with this statement as I think that the ultimate objective of college education is to let students learn how to become independent learners who are capable of formulating and defending their original concepts and ideas. This is a long and tedious process which requires students to be focused and dedicated to learning their course of studies well. As college students approach their final year of college education, they also have to spend an increased amount of time on various projects and assignments which require them to conduct their own research on various topics with less help from their tutors or lecturers. I think that having a part time job while attending college significantly reduces the amount of time and energy that students can spend learning on their own, and doing their projects. Although having a part time job allows students to gain valuable working experience, and can also help students from lower income families to pay for their tuition fees or personal expenses, the energy and time that students spend on their part time job eventually detracts their focus from their studies. This may cause them to constantly find themselves in a fatigued state where they are unable to perform well in both their part time job and their studies. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. College students already lead very busy and hectic lifestyles, with schoolwork and co curricular activities etc. If they were to get additional part time jobs that required many hours of commitment especially, this may affect their studies and also their enjoyment level. Many say college is the last period where students get to enjoy a relatively carefree life before stepping into the real world where there are high levels of stress and things to worry about. As such, I feel that as a college student, one should place emphasis on enjoying their college life, rather than going out to work and building up their resume. On the other hand, there are views that support college students having a part time job. One main supporting view is that part time jobs prepare students for working life in future and also provides them with a comfortable source of pocket money, thus instilling independence in them where they do not have to ask their parents for pocket money. However, I feel that this is not the case as many students use these jobs as a source of additional pocket money and still take money from their parents. Furthermore, with this extra money, we find that there are many students who use this money irresponsibly and end up with the bad habit of being a spendthrift. Overall, I feel that it is more important for college students to focus on their studies rather than jobs as studying and getting a degree is after all their main purpose for going to college. 

I feel that having a part time job for college students can have both its benefits and disadvantages. For example, having a part time job trains the student to manage his or her time well, as well as to prioritise his or her duties. The student can also learn how to multi task, a skill which can be advantageous when he or she starts to work. In addition, the part time job may be relevant to the field of work that the student is interested in when he or she graduates. Internships will be an example. It allows the student to learn and apply his knowledge according to what has been taught in school. In addition, having a part time job also means that the student is able to earn extra allowance and learn how to appreciate money instead of depending on the allowance given by parents. There are drawbacks for college students to have a part time job as well. Firstly, the student may not be good in managing his or her time well. If the student cannot juggle between studies and the part time job at the same time, he or she will end up doing badly in both the job and school. It is important to note that not all college students are bad in managing their time. Perhaps, having a part time job will train the student to learn how to juggle his time well and this will not lead to an imbalance between studies and work. To conclude, I feel that having a part time job is not necessarily important for college students. It has its advantages and disadvantages but it all boils down to how the student is able to manage his or her time well. 

During their teenage years, students often find jobs to pass the time during the holidays or for some quick spending money. Others find jobs to supplement their allowance, according them financial freedom to buy into frivolous fads that define the teenage experience. However once college rolls around, I would argue that a part time job is not only important, it comes highly recommended as an induction into the working world, which they will soon find themselves having to contend with. At this point, I would like to make the distinction between the part time jobs of teenage hood and college part time jobs. While the former usually comprises waiting tables or manning a small store, the latter refers to an internship, part time, or freelance position related to the student's field of study. Perhaps the most critical take away from a college part time job is not the technical knowledge, but the character development comes with a first foray into their chosen industry. While college may provide ample room for idealism and creativity to blossom, it is the pressures of the working world that places students in difficult, uncomfortable or stressful situations. It is through these situations that students are forced to grow and mature rapidly, learning and adapting to a given situation with social skills that will be honed and sharpened as he learns to navigate the minefield of a real world working environment. When the student returns from a period in the field, his naivete will be tempered with realism; he will bring with him a greater appreciation for employers and subordinates alike. These are the lessons a college degree cannot teach, and they make a part time college job both crucial and worthwhile. 

In most modern colleges, academic pursuits and achievements alone do not meet the goal of a holistic education. Other than co curricular activities, internships and community involvements, the part time job seems to be one of the ways for college students to pick up or practice skills beyond the classroom. The part time job can be seen to be a sort of a school of hard knocks, where students get a taste of the working world by regularly embracing volatility and adapting to new situations. It also provides a side income to students. However, a part time job does not appear to be of such importance when we consider well off students who do not require the additional income. Students may also wish to focus on their studies in the school term, and only turn to short term jobs in their vacation instead of struggling to juggle both work and studies simultaneously. In other cases, students may find that the opportunity cost of taking up a part time job is too high, especially if the time can be spent on an internship that is of greater relevance and potential benefit to the mastery of his or her major. Some exceptions are however acknowledged. In times when a student faces financial distress and finds difficulty in covering college tuition fees and basic living expenses, this necessitates a source of income. It is financially wise to grow capacity before budgeting, and one of the ways for the college student to do so is to hold a part time job. In this situation, a part time job is a necessity, and its importance ranks equally high or even higher than other priorities of the student. 

I think it is good for college students to have full time jobs as they can learn on the job which may be relevant to their studies. It would also help them adjust to depending on themselves, rather than on their families for money. In addition, it would also make it easier for these students to find jobs in future as employers would appreciate employees with work experiences. However, students may not have the time to engage in part time jobs. Other than studies, some are involved in charitable activities, clubs and societies, or representing the school or nation in sports. These activities takes up a lot of time and it may not be wise for students to engage in part time jobs as they may tired themselves out. Some students believe that there would be ample time to experience working in the society and saving up money, and hence prefer to engage in school activities, which they may not have a chance to after graduating. Overall, I think it is a personal choice whether to engage in part time jobs or not. Personally, I have been involved in clubs and societies, as well as having various types of part time jobs, and each one gives me different perspective and experiences which I learnt from. 

Yes. It is important for college students to have a part time job. However, we should consider the merits of why they should hold such a job. The first reason is that, it provides them with some working experience so that they wouldn't be thrown out to the deep blue sea after graduation. By holding a part time job, they will be able to learn some skills which may be relevant for them once they start working such as responsibility and management. The second reason as to why it is important is that if them a sense of independence when it comes to managing their own finances. By earning their own money, they get a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction. They learn that money doesn't fall from the sky and that they can support their leisure activities. The third reason is that holding a part time job gives them something else to look forward to and diversify their lives. It will allow them to not have such a mundane life and also gives them a chance to do new things and meet new people. At the end of the day, we will have to consider time management when it comes to juggling school and work. 

I am of the opinion that while it may be financially beneficial for college students to hold a part time job, it is not of paramount importance that they should be employed. As a science student, my schedule is usually packed with lectures and tutorials during the semester. What little free time that is available to me will usually be spent with my family and my friends. Having started my final year project about three months ago, my leisure time has dwindled to a bare minimal, such that even a simple dinner with my family is now a luxury that I hardly get to enjoy. Given the demanding schedule of college students, or at least that of a final year science student, I feel that it would be difficult for college students to hold a part time job. A part time job requires a certain level of commitment and the lack of time is something that makes it extremely difficult for me to hold a part time job. While the additional income would no doubt come in handy, I feel that the job of a college student is to learn as much as he or she can during the course of study and to channel his or her energy mainly to the pursuit of a degree. This itself may be viewed as a form of commitment. From this perspective, part time jobs may be viewed as a form of distraction. 

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. College students often have schedules that afford them a few spare hours every day. Assuming a student has five hours of lessons every day, this leaves a large part of the late afternoon and evening free for them to work part time. By working, students enable themselves to earn an income to sustain themselves, so they do not have to depend on handouts from their parents. Apart from cultivating their independence, a part time job might possibly also allow students to have disposable income. If a student is prudent with the extra money that comes from a part time job, he or she can finance overseas trips or plough this sum of money into investments. Furthermore, students ensure that their time is nicely occupied. Working provides them with the impetus to take stock of their time properly. After all, when a student knows that he/she still has assignments to hand in and projects to complete after his/her work, there is less chance of him/her slacking off on his/her academic commitments. More importantly, part time work provides a student with life experience    something that is not easily attainable from merely reading books. The interactions that students glean from their work experience will stand them in good stead when it is time for them to enter the workforce as fulltime employees. While a part time job might lead to less personal time for a college student, this need not be a bad thing altogether. By managing their time wisely, having a part time job for college students need not be an onerous commitment. Indeed, many college students around the world can attest to the fact that part time work can have financial and socio emotional benefits. 

Part time jobs are invaluable in helping college students know what it is that they want to do later in life. In our current education system in Singapore, students just take the same subjects even if they don't really like it because that is the way it works to get to the university or Polytechnic. So the problem is that they are likely to get lost when choosing a course, and even after choosing a course to study, they are unlikely to be passionate about their future career because they have no idea what it is like to work in the industry unless they have taken internships or part time jobs. That said, part time jobs can be done during term time but few internships really can be done in term time. Part time jobs taken during term time complements internships done during holidays to give students a good look at how the working world runs and what they really want to do later on after they graduate. Another use of part time jobs is to learn skills. Some relevant skills are like time management and job specfic understanding and hands on administrative skill. These skills are actually what makes a person fit in well at work after he graduates from college. This leads people with part time work experience to feel more confident going to work in the industry and even helps in clearing interviews as the person is able to demonstrate that he or she has what it takes to succeed besides just academic knowledge. 

I agree with the assertion that having a part time job is important for college students. As college students enter into adulthood and lead independent lifestyles, it is only natural that their expenditures will increase. It would not be fair to burden one's parents and ask them to continue to provide pocket money for these expenditures, especially if they are nearing their retirement years. After all, our parents have taken good care of us since birth, and as mature college students, we have the onus to repay our parents by showing that we have indeed grown up to become smart and self sufficient young adults. College timetables enable students to have a certain amount of flexibility in working part time, and students can choose different types of jobs that fit their lifestyles. For instance, they can give tuition ad hoc, which may be less demanding than waitressing at a restaurant for 20 hours a week. Even though they may only earn a few hundred dollars, it can still enrich their family's income and take a burden off their parents, especially if the family still has younger schooling children. However, though I recognise the importance of college students having part time jobs, this is not always possible. In reality, many companies are reluctant to hire part time workers as they perceive them as non committal. Nonetheless, I still advocate for the value of part time jobs, as it enables college students to gain working experience and have a taste of working culture, which may benefit them in their future employment prospects. 

In this day and age when self sufficiency and independence are amongst some of the most sought after characteristics in a person, be it in University or in the workplace, it is no surprise that many college students have begun honing these traits with the means of a part time job. Amongst many other reasons, students can benefit from becoming self sufficient as they take on part time jobs and earn their own keep. Many students opt to take on part time tutoring assignments while schooling so as to have a steady stream of income apart from their monthly allowances. In fact, some feel they can derive greater satisfaction from spending income generated by themselves. Such occurrences are also common in low income families in order to ease the financial burden on their parents. Taking up a part time job while in college allows students a fresh glimpse, albeit limited, into the clockwork of the working society. It also prepares them for the next phase in their lives after graduation by smoothing the transition between studying and working. Having prior work experience ensures that students are not completely foreign to the working world and would be able to adjust better. Having a part time job while in college also ensures that students are able to gain important hands on experience which they could later use to differentiate themselves from other potential job candidates; it gives them an edge over those who have no prior experience as employment surveys have shown that employers prefer hiring people who know what they are doing. Despite the vast number of benefits that are attached to pursuing a part time job while in college, it can instead become a detriment if students cannot manage their time well. As such, a part time job is only beneficial if it does not compromise academic and social commitments. 

What exactly is part time work? Part time, to me, indicates that it should only take up a minor portion of a person's schedule. It should not be something you spend the majority of your time on. Work, I opine, is something you do for some form of monetary reward. I would therefore define part time work as something you do for a portion of your available time in exchange for some form of monetary payment in exchange. As the definition proposed suggests, there are two parts to part time work. Firstly, it must be "part time" and secondly, it must be "work". An example is students teaching tuition for some extra allowance. The definition is important as "part time work" has often been misused. Firstly, a manager preparing for a meeting at home is not doing "part time work". This is because in his occupation as a manager, it is within his job scope that he has to prepare for meeting! Simply put, meetings is part of his full time work. It is therefore, incorrect to label it as "part time" just because it was brought home to be done. Secondly, a person playing in his free time is not doing part time "work". Although it might be "part time" in this case, the key here is that playing basketball is for his leisure and he will receive no monetary reward for it. Of course, the issue of misusing "part time work" can be argued through the different definitions of "work". However, I would simply like to highlight on blatant and convenient misuse of the term "part time work". 

I strongly agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. In college, the tuition fees at this stage tend to be higher relative to other stages of academic learning, amounting to thousands every academic year. Unfortunately, not all are fortunate enough to get a scholarship to fund their education so that they will not have financial worries in college. These fees could thus prove to be a burden to the students' families. Assuming two breadwinners, an average middle income family will probably earn about $6000 $8000 monthly. One child in college will already take up a substantial amount of the family's income, potentially compromising on other necessities and welfare aspects for the family, including savings. As a college student, he would have reached a level of maturity of which he should make effort to contribute to the family instead of fully relying on his parents. Hence, working part time to lessen the financial burden of his family would be one way to do so. On the other hand, working part time could also be seen as an opportunity to learn time management and application of skills. His free time that could have been used for study or leisure purposes would be used to work instead but it is necessary to strike a balance among all aspects. In addition, for example in the case of a marketing student, working part time with a marketing firm will not only allow him to apply the concepts he has learnt in college, but he will also gain work experience which can make him a more attractive candidate for a permanent job in the future. 

As a college student myself, I do not have a part time job. It is not something that I regard as absolutely necessary or high on my priority list. College is a time for discovery and taking on new adventures. Going overseas during the summer breaks, getting acquainted with new people, as well as increasing my academic knowledge, are more important that having a part time job to me. Having a part time job is not only time consuming; it is also tiring and stressful. However, there are many reasons why many college students do partake in part time jobs. Firstly, it is for financial reasons. College fees are expensive and not every household is able to afford the high costs. Therefore, many college students are forced to have a part time job in order to pay their tuition fees. Another reason why many college students have part time jobs is because of the work experience. Similar to internships, taking up part time jobs give college students an insight into working life as well as an idea of the mechanics of the working world. This would be a truly valuable experience to the students when they seek employment in the future upon graduation. Not only would they have an edge in terms of their work experience, the many skills they have picked up along the way would also allow them to outperform peers who are entirely new to the working world. Therefore, although having a part time job may not be important to me, having a part time job is not a bad idea as it has its own advantages. 

Firstly, this allows them to gain invaluable experience in the working world. There are numerous things that a person can't learn from books alone and there is a need to go out there and experience it personally. For example, a student is learning about good service attitude. One does not learn it from books alone as it only teaches the aspects of it but for one to embrace good service attitude, he or she must try it out through working in the service industry perhaps McDonalds for example. Secondly, college students will learn that money is hard earned. The new generation is often known as the "strawberry generation" whereby they cannot take hardships. They often do not know the importance of money as parents provided abundance of it together with a good life for them. By having a part time job, it allows them to gain the insight that money is important and that it does not come easily. On top of it, they can get some extra pocket money to spend without asking their parents to fork them out. In conclusion, it is important for college students to have a part time job as it provides numerous benefits for them. 

Holding a part time job as a college student showcases two qualities of the student, independence and inertia to constantly upgrade his/her skillset. Thus, it is vital for college students to hold a part time job, specifically in the field of their interest. The purpose of college is to equip students with the literacy requirement of their field, however, practical knowledge is just as essential for one to fill in the position competently. Internships are encouraged for students to explore their future job scope and decide for themselves if they are suitable or satisfied with the working environment. Besides the need for experience, a part time job provides college student with a source of income that parallels the amount of allowance they receive from their parents. For low income households, the importance of the job is significantly higher. As college students, the remunerations of the part time may not be high, once again providing the economy a source of relatively competent source of labour for a low cost, this results in a potentially high profit margin. As the amount of college students are replenished yearly, the market will have an endless supply of manpower. While the economic benefits and the personal gratification are plentiful, we must always remember that ultimately, the job provides college students with social interaction. People from all walks of life will sculpt their personalities and attitude and the benefits are intangible. College education aims to provide textual knowledge but the impact on students "attitude is relatively insignificant compared to the gains of working part time. The importance is attributed to the tangibles and intangibles gains. 

I have held several part time jobs within a span of five years. The part time jobs that I have had so far ranges from administrative jobs all the way to the service industry in the form of waitressing. I feel that each and every job has its pros and cons; through each different job, I get to experience different working ethics and environments. Through the interactions with the people in the different sectors, I get to learn a lot, not just technical skills but also soft skills such as communication skills, leadership skills etc that would be impossible to gain from just reading a textbook. Other than the interesting experience, the part time jobs are also an avenue through which I can earn extra pocket money during my holidays, in addition to the rich working experience that such jobs provide. Through such part time jobs, I can have the opportunity to experience the working world and to prepare myself better in the future when I graduate from university. Also, such part time jobs allow me to build up my social network of colleagues and employers, thus it helps in my future prospects as well. Moreover, it is also a useful and meaningful way of passing through my holidays. Hence, I feel that part time jobs are a boon and all students should experience at least one part time job because it impresses upon the reality of working life. 

I disagree to the statement given in Topic A. College students have busy schedules that make it difficult for them to maintain a part time job while pursuing their education. Apart from attending daily lessons, students have to juggle between completing assignments within deadlines and preparing for frequent tests. Having a part time job will divert students' attention away from school work and reduces the time available for students to revise their work. Furthermore, students working part time will suffer from fatigue from their work. Since the main priority of students should be focused on excelling in school work, having a part time job is not important as it could adversely affect the academic performance of students in school. Nevertheless, some may argue that it is important for college students to have a part time job to become more independent and mature individuals through handling the high levels of stress arising from balancing commitment between the part time job and studies. However, one should note that college students can learn to be more independent and mature through their school commitments. Many students are actively involved in non academic work in school that provides opportunities for them to grow as an individual. For instance, many students participate in activities organised by student clubs and societies. This allows students to widen their social circles, manage work life balance and even assume leadership roles occasionally. Hence, it is not important for college students to have a part time job given the busy schedules of students and their ability to achieve well rounded development through other school activities. 

Agree or disagree? I would agree that part time jobs are encouraged for college students but definitely not something that is compulsory. Part time jobs are a way that college students can be exposed to the outside working work when they are still in their studying years. Contrasting to their studying life, the working environment demands more flexibility and critical thinking from the students that made them better students. Part time jobs help to develop students to be more resilient and independent individuals. College students are usually most attracted to the salary of the part time jobs at their age and this allows them to understand the reality of moneymaking. Reality always have a way in making people grow and this is not an exception to college students as they learn how to treasure and cherish what is already given to them and be more motivated to study harder, paving their way to a brighter future. Part time jobs also allow students to be exposed to different work fields and to be equipped with different skill sets that not only plays in "beautifying effect" in their portfolio or resume but also able to create students who have a holistic approach in their character development and learning attitudes. These experiences are very valuable to students as they may not have the chance to engage in such opportunities to learn and do such activities when they enter the work force. In conclusion, the main focus of a college student should be on studying. If this focus is being affected by the involvement in part time jobs, then the part time job should be discontinued for that individual. 

Regarding the argument on whether it is essential for college students to have part time jobs, my stand is it would depend on the student's circumstances. A specific set of circumstances the college student faced as described in this paragraph will demonstrate that it is essential for the college student to find a part time job. For example, if the student is facing financial difficulties or is coping well with his or her studies and has ample time, not knowing what to do with it, then a part time job will be essentially beneficial to the student. A benefit is the financially poor student will have an alternative source of income to offset the tuition costs during his study, so that the financial burden is not as heavy after graduation; this translates into less financial stress for the student when the student is on a full time employment. Another benefit is certain part time jobs, like desk receptionists and clerks, enable students to gain useful communication and working skills, which are essential in the working world and can not be taught in classes. Students with extra time should consider taking up such part time jobs to gain useful soft skills. With that said, another set of circumstances as described in this paragraph will argue that part time jobs are not essential for college students. For example, if the student is close to failing in his or her studies, it is better for the student to use the extra time to focus on passing his or her studies instead of seeking a part time job. Also, if the student is able to find better opportunities, like research or start up projects, that are more beneficial to his or her holistic development compared to part time jobs, then it will be wise to forgo part time jobs. 

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I would term a part time job to include flexible casual event based jobs as well as regular weekly paid activities. The two main benefits of having a part time job is earning money and learning life skills. I believe that having a part time job would help a student to be more independent, as he would not depend completely on his parents for allowance money. He would also learn to better appreciate the value of money and how one must put in effort to earn a living. With a part time job, the student will also learn about responsibility and management of time and activities. He will need to learn to prioritize his time and be diligent in his school work in order to keep up his grades while holding on to a job. However, though it is important and recommended for a college student to have a part time job for the moulding of character, it is not an absolute must for every student to do so, especially if he is unable to manage both school and his part time job. In this case he would be biting more off than he can chew and the end result would be disastrous, with the student achieving mediocre results in both aspects of his life. Ultimately a college student must fulfill the basic requirement of completing college. In sum, having a part time job would be encouraged if circumstances allow, as it would offer a holistic environment for the student to learn life skills that will help him transition better into an adult working life. The student however should be competent enough to juggle both activities and place school as a priority. 

Whether or not college students want to have a part time job or not should be purely up to their own discretion. Personally, I do not find it especially important whether or not college students to have a part time job. In college, there are a wide variety of clubs and societies available to the student population. These clubs and societies may in essence be the last of its kind that college students can join before they graduate and move on into the corporate world. I feel that by joining these club and societies, students will be able to enjoy a much more enriching University life as compared to if they were holding a part time job whilst studying. Everyone knows that University life is the last part of a person's education journey if they do not intend to pursue post graduate degrees. As such, instead of starting work a few years earlier, why not put on hold working thoughts to after graduation. There are certain things in life that cannot be compensated for. If you do not make full use of the opportunity to enrich your University life by engaging in University activities now, there will not be a second chance for you to do so in the future. This draws me back to my statement whereby it is purely up to one's own discretion whether or not to hold part time jobs in college because at the end of the day, it is a personal choice. 

With students in university only a few years away from graduation and finding work, as well as the need to start being financially independent from their parents, it is indeed important for college students to partake in a part time job whilst studying. It is known that a typical college student spends about two to five years in their university pursuing a degree before moving onto the workplace. As such, their time in the university may be the last opportunity for them to pick up some relevant skills which may be useful in their potential working environment. Such skills, such as the work place procedures or dynamics, are often not taught in educational institutes; hence some college students choose to take on a part time job or internship so as to immerse themselves in a working environment and learn more about their potential job scope at the same time. In fact, certain companies may even extend a full time job offer to those college students who work part time if the performance of the students had been impressive. In addition, the start of college somewhat indicates the imminent start of adulthood for many college students as well. Although it may be difficult for university students to be totally financially independent from their parents, many parents may start to gradually reduce the amount of pocket money they give to their child once they start college. As such, since expenses are not likely to reduce during college, in fact in may even increase, it is hence important for college students to work part time in order to earn some money and support themselves. In conclusion, it is clearly beneficial for college students to take on a part time job as they will eventually become working adults and experiences during part time jobs will better prepare them for the future. 

I agree with the statement to a certain extent, but I will focus on the analyzing the benefits. It could be said that the job of a student is too study, and he should work hard at it. Yet, this job is one that comes with no salary and furthermore is a job that one usually pays to do. Thus, especially with college students who pay high school fees, many students do indeed take up a part time job to earn their way through college or for some pocket money. There are indeed certain benefits in doing so. For example, the working student would experience first hand the working conditions of whatever job he is in, and perhaps have a clearer understanding of work. This is in comparison to the naive student who enters the workforce without prior work experience; he passed through his college education without a good understanding of the next stage of his life. Having a part time job, out of necessity or not, could be seen as a complement to a scholarly education. Friends I know have said that once you start work, you would understand the freedom you have while in college. On the other hand it seems that most college students cannot wait to start work. Working and studying at the same time would allow you to compare these 2 activities and allow one to come to a more mature understanding of his purposes in these activities. This I feel is a benefit of primary importance. 

I do not feel that college students should have a part time job. Firstly, studies should be the main focus in a college education. Students who are too preoccupied with their jobs will find it difficult to concentrate on doing well in school as working is bound to take up much of their energy and time. This is especially true for those working in food and neverage industry as well as sales. These jobs are both time consuming as well as physically and mentally tiring. Although it is useful to supplement their allowance, I feel that it is not worth it to sacrifice time to earning money. This is because as the old saying goes, "time is money". Of course, there are exceptions when students are in need of cash to pay back student loans and pay for school fees. In such cases, it is understandable that students will want to have a part time job to clear their debt. However, this is not the majority of students. Also, parents should bear some of the responsibility for their children's education. It is difficult to concentrate on both studies as well as financial responsibilities and hence I feel that the students should not bear the full brunt. Overall, students should be focussing on doing well and completing their degrees. Then, when they start working in future, they can pay back their loans and be filial to their parents. 

Prima facie, it may seem that it is important for college students to have a part time job but speaking from the standpoint of a college student, I personally find that the opportunity cost of having a part time job is too high. As a college student, we must first realise that our education is our top priority. While having a part time job may have its monetary perks, the benefits are gained at the expense of studying. The time spent working could have been allocated to the time spent understanding and internalising important concepts in our respective modules. Even if the schedule of a college student may be relatively flexible and is actually able to accommodate the commitments of having a part time job, we must be aware that it may impose on the student unnecessary stress that could possibly hinder one's studying process. Of course, this is not to completely ignore the benefits of having a part time job. A part time job will help prep the college student for his or her future career, through work experience that will equip the student with imperative work skills such as interpersonal skills and the ability to multi task under stressful environment. Thus, under the assumption that the college student are not experiencing any financial difficulties, I postulate the importance of a college student having a part time job in the holidays in order to negotiate between gaining benefits from both spheres of work. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, the university workload is very heavy and involves a lot of self learning. Most part time jobs require a commitment of 10 20 hours a week and may take up too much students' time. In addition, most students still take on additional extra curricula activities. It will be difficult to balance a part time job on top of school and participate in clubs and societies at the same time. Secondly, the main motivation for most students to take on part time jobs is to earn extra allowance for their own spending. Most students do not pick up important skills in their part time jobs, as many of the part time jobs that they do have no relation to what they are studying in university. Rather than doing part time jobs, students should consider doing a part time paid internship where they get to be in the field where they start their careers in the future, and pick up relevant skills for their future profession. This will give them a better exposure and experience than part time jobs. In conclusion, I believe that its personal preference whether to take up part time jobs, but students should weigh the pros and cons before considering it. 

I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. This is because having a part time job will enable a student to experience what real life is like, and not be molly coddled in the safe academic world. The point of going to college is to get an education, while academic knowledge is important, street smarts should not be neglected too. A part time job is a good way for students to be more sophisticated about how the world works. Part time jobs let the students earn pocket money too, which is a good way for students to learn about finance and also, lessen the financial burden on parents. Therefore, with the two main benefits explained above, gaining more experience about the world and earning pocket money at the same time, I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. However, the statement is not clear whether it is important for students to have a part time job at all times or just sometimes. The latter position makes more sense. While having a job will no doubt benefit a student in terms of expanding his or her horizons, the basic duty of a student is still to academics. Hence it is better if the student only works at a part time job during school holidays and the less busy time of school, but focus on studies during exams. 

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Personally, I hold a part time job as a private tutor, and having done so for the past semester, I feel that the benefits outweigh the costs. The benefits of holding a part time job are first of all     the obvious monetary reimbursements that allows one to fund his expenses, which brings upon the chance to practise financial planning and experience independence. In addition, if the student chooses to experiment with different part time jobs over his course of study, he can then be exposed to different career paths, which increases his awareness of the kinds of jobs he likes and dislikes. This is especially beneficial during the student's course of study, as he would be making many important decisions, such as what to specialize or major in, and understanding where his interests and passions lie would help him in deciding more wisely. Certainly, there are costs to working part time during college, such as the opportunity cost of time, which can be otherwise spent revising and working on assignments. One risks burning out over time if the part time job is of a time consuming or strenuous nature. Hence, it is also crucial that the student chooses his part time job with discretion and much consideration. 

As a student, part time jobs are a godsend for me. Even amidst the workload I have to cope with as a student, I choose to engage in part time jobs as they are the main source of my income. Many of my peers take on part time jobs for extra cash     I, however, do not receive regular pocket money and the income from part time jobs cover my daily expenses. When considering the type of part time job to take up, I looked at factors such as time, remuneration and job satisfaction. A popular choice amongst university students is to take up tuition assignments, which is a profitable and manageable workload especially if the tuition subject coincides with your subject major. Fortunately, the demand for undergraduate tutors is as high as the supply of cash seeking undergraduates, and the pay can range a satisfying 20 to 40 bucks per hour. I must say, however, as a friendly gesture of caution that one should not take up a waitressing job if one is not prepared to work long hours to receive a meager pay. While waitressing is indeed a brainless job that may be preferred by undergraduates who detest pedagogical tasks, the long hours and expectations of excellent customer service can take a tremendous toll in the physical and emotional well being of the student. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I believe that it would be quite beneficial for college students to work part time, but it is not that important. There are many reasons why having a part time job would be great. However, studies still come first. Tuition fees having been increasing over the years for college students. This financial burden can be lifted slightly with an income provided by a part time job. Students will then not have to grapple with paying back their student loans, or even risk getting into huge debts with the interests before they can even find a job after they graduate. In Singapore, with a booming tuition industry, most students should be able to find tuition jobs that can allow them to earn some spare cash as they study and lighten their financial burden. Also, in an ever more competitive world today, a part time job would allow those college students to differentiate themselves from those who do not have. Their resumes would be of more substance. They are able to write down more work experience or skills learnt or even opportunities that students without part time jobs are unable to obtain. These would allow that to stand out and separate themselves from the other graduates. Even with all these reasons, the main job of a college student is to study first. Without a good degree, everything else is useless. Hence, I would say that to find the right balance, to be able to manage your studies, that would be the important thing for a college student. 

From the perspective of a college student, I feel it is potentially distracting to be working in a part time job. Many college students engage themselves in a part time job to provide for their daily expenses or save up to pay for their college tuition fee. However I feel that having a job at this juncture distracts you from your main focus, which is to attain maximum absorption of the material taught in school. By working in a part time job   especially during college years   where studying is at its most intense and its truly a make or break moment for many students, I find that it saps away the energy of the students. This would result in them being less productive in classes and projects. Additionally, they would not be able to put 100% of their heart and soul into projects due to their commitments. Some may argue that having a part time job may be beneficial for students to learn about the importance of hard work and the preciousness of money. However, I beg to differ and feel that this learning experience can easily be had during the high school years. College is a place of rich diversity, where bright minds and ideas run amok. To make students tired unnecessarily from the part time jobs would be essentially robbing the of their chance to shine in academics! 

I feel that it may be important for college students to have a part time job. This is because it can provide them with a source of income. Many students are actually taking pocket money from their parents. Our parents have actually worked very hard to support us from young. I feel that it would be better if we could be more independent. Having a part time job would therefore be a legal and good method to solve this problem. Also, a part time job can allow you to learn skills which you cannot learn from your books. For example, a waiter would be able to pick up service skills which are essential skills in the working environment. This is one of the reasons why some schools make it compulsory for students to go for internships. However, different jobs would allow you to learn different skills hence I feel that part time jobs are important. However, college education is very stressful. There are huge amounts of projects, assignments and reports to be done, on top of the countless hours spent in lectures and tutorial. This is especially the case in Singapore, where the assessment component for colleges includes term papers, assignments, projects as well as the final examination. Admittedly, the stress and time factor makes it difficult for students to sieve out time to work. In conclusion, it is important for students to balance their school work well, such as completing their assignments well ahead of time. This might allow them to have sufficient time to take up a part time job to take care of their daily expenses while equipping them with skills 

I do not think that it is of vital importance for college students to have a part time job, but having one would be rather beneficial for them. I feel that in the tertiary education of our lives now, the priority we should take up is to focus on learning in our educational institutions. Surely, having a part time job would compel us to become better at managing our time as we would then have to plan our schedules properly, and the additional allowance we get from working gives us more purchasing power for things we would like to enjoy. For the more financially fortunate, their aim of having a part time job might be more for the experience, and through part time positions such as being a waitress, they are able to learn to interact with people and manage situations, picking up advantageous social skills. Yet, if one turns out to fail at successful time management, the consequences would be severe, as the cost of undergoing college education is pretty much exponentially more than the pay a college student would receive from a part time job. Also, if one sees the life in a tertiary education not merely fixated on studies but also enjoyment, by taking up a part time job the student loses a part of his or her experience in college, which will never be found again once the student graduates, converse to a work experience that the student will be able to go through again upon graduation. 

College students are given much more independence in learning, especially in Singapore with a rigid primary and secondary education system. As such, the time that college students have should be balanced between school work and extra curriculum activities. However, college fees are quite steep in most colleges, hence if a college student were to face financial difficulty, they have two options. One option would be to try and obtain a scholarship, bursary, grant or loan. However the success of obtaining these depends on a variety of factors from parents' income to the interview outcome. If a college student fails to receive any financial assistance from the college or external vendors, it is quite a good thing to work part time in order to meet the school fee amount every semester. Parents of these students might insist on doing this  earning extra cash to support their child's education, while their child focuses on only school. However if these college students decide to personally improve their financial burdens, many lessons and life skills could be imparted to them in the process. Examples of lessons learnt by having a part time job are the idea that money comes by working hard and also, these college students will pick up work ethics that will help them excel in their future field of work when they work professionally. These lessons can also be learnt by financially stable college students as well, however I feel that a student under financial strain would find these lessons more potent and invaluable. Therefore, I feel that it is important for college students to have a part time job so that they can pick up life skills that are rarely taught in the classroom. But I feel that this is especially important for financially strained students. 

I agree to the statement, but only to a small extent. Firstly, holding a part time job allows for some sort of financial independence, and the student can learn how to manage his own finances from the allowance earned. Furthermore, it exposes students to the working life and teaches them some skills that could not be taught in school. For instance, people relations and dealing with your superior is one aspect that I believe will come only through a working experience. However, we have to recognize that the core responsibility of a student is to study. Taking on a part time job might unnecessarily strain the ability of the student to concentrate on his studies. This might worsen especially if the student gets his priority wrong and puts in more effort and/time in his part time job than his studies. It is true that part time jobs does bring about a few benefits as mentioned above, but it might turn into a disaster should the student be stressed out trying to juggle both sides. The same skill sets could be learnt from an internship, or a vacation attachment, albeit for a shorter period of time. This enables the student to give his best in either his studies or his internship, with no disruption from the other commitment. Finally, I would like to conclude that it may be beneficial to the student to take on a part time job, but only if he is capable of juggling the workload. Otherwise, it is recommended that he take on a vacation job/internship instead. 

Although finding full time employment in Singapore may be a relatively difficult task due to the fact that Singaporeans are generally more affluent and educated today than they were before, part time jobs are still readily available. What really matters is whether people are willing to take up these jobs or not. Part time jobs are usually routine tasks that can be easily and quickly completed. As such, students, housewives or even retired personnel are more than willing to take up part time work. Not only can they earn an extra source of income through part time work, they can also occupy the spare time that they have by doing something meaningful, albeit the possibility of having to carry out repetitive tasks. A particularly popular part time job among students is to work as a salesperson at retail outlets. Retail outlets usually have long operating hours and they will require salespersons to provide service to customers at every point in time. Therefore, they frequently hire part time sales staff for that purpose. Consequently, most retail outlets offer their part time staff flexible working hours. This is a definitely a draw to students who are looking for work that will not affect their attendance in school. Moreover, students can definitely make do with the extra cash for the latest model of hand phone that have practically been salivating over for the past months. Ultimately, I think that earning a little extra pocket money through part time work is fine. However, it is imperative to bear in mind that while some time may have been set aside for work, some too has to be set aside for studies. After all, shouldn't studies be the primary concern and responsibility of students? 

 I agree that a college student should have a part time job to a large extent. College students should be exposed to real world situations and experience working life before they graduate. The practical experience will teach students new knowledge and interpersonal skills when they meet different people. Personally, I have worked at Starhub Telecommunications Company as a telemarketer. It was not an easy job but it taught it how to handle rejections and resolve conflicts. In addition, college students should learn to be financially independent by earning their own allowances. This will allow them to learn about the value of money and also help them in their future financial planning. Furthermore, a part time job will be particularly useful for students who are from less well to do families as they can contribute a small amount to support the family as well. However, a part time job might not be advisable for a student who participates in numerous school activities. If too much time is committed towards the part time job, a student may neglect his studies and perform badly. This will be undesirable for his future employment opportunities. Conversely, a student can actually gain from a part time job if he can balance both school and work well. 

The benefits of juggling work with studies are numerous. First benefit lies in improving one's time management and organisation. As most part time jobs are time consuming, students are forced to plan their timetable well in order to excel in both work and school. Second benefit is the gaining of independence from having a part time job. Working for money gives the students a sense of satisfaction and freedom from being able to take care of themselves, without depending on their parents financially. This journey to adulthood strengthens them physically and mentally as well. Most part time jobs are demanding and experiencing this harshness of the reality of the working world broadens the students' minds. Understanding how the ways of the bigger world work while they are still young is very beneficial for students to cope with future work. Physical work like waitressing tests on students' ability to think on their feet as well as the capability to handle the physical manual labour involved in the job. Some may argue that there is no point in entering the workforce at such a young age. They base this on the reason that students should focus on school while they are schooling as education is far more important than work at that stage. Their mind sets are at fault here as they feel that education is the most important accreditation to one's portfolio in going far in life. In conclusion, I beg to differ and feel that having a part time is important for college students. 

Having a part time job is a useful way for college students to get a taste of working life aside from the school life that occupies much of their life. Keeping the context of this discussion to Singaporean students since the author, I am of that origin and can best speak for them with full comprehension, having experienced that stage myself. It is often touted that school education prepares and equips us with the knowledge and skills necessary for the "real" world, in this sense the working world. However, it can be argued that an academic education is unable to fully prepare us for the working world since a successful future career cannot be directly measured by one's academic capacity. Hence, by taking a part time job in an industry that one is preferably interested in is a good way taking a first hand look at the intrinsic characteristics of working in such an industry. Possibly, one can figure out his/her own suitability or discover his/her forte in this industry. For reasons other than life planning purposes, one could also take on a part time job just for the fun of it. Perhaps there are certain jobs that you are curious to undertake but are not within your realistic expectations for the future in considering its monetary remuneration and career prospects. Furthermore, taking on a part time job also teaches us one of the harsh realities of the "real" world: that money is hard earned. Given the different family backgrounds and upbringing of all college students, this hard inevitable truth may not be reinforced enough. In considerations of these reasons, it is not really mandatory but is encouraged that college students to take on a part time job as they should also kick back and relax during the vacation period for the future endeavours ahead. 

