I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Being a college student requires a certain level of commitment towards academia and the decision to be enrolled in a college already somewhat sets some kind of priority that education should be more important above anything else such as having a part time job. A reason why someone would attend college is so that they can attain a degree in order to secure better future job prospects. Having a part time job is not only time consuming but usually requires effort too and would be physically tiring. This would affect the student's concentration and focus in school when both college and part time job workload takes its toll on the student. Also, there's a lack of time for the student to sufficiently study and revise what is taught. Thus, students should focus on the long term goal of obtaining a good degree rather than be lured by extra pocket money offered by part time jobs. Of course, there is the argument that some college students are good at time management and can juggle school and their part time job well. Although this might be the case for a select number of students, I still feel that having a part time job is not important. I feel that the only exception whereby part time jobs can be seen as important for college students is that if the part time job they take up is for work experience or research purposes that are related to what they are pursuing in college. Hence, a part time job may be important only if it is for internship purposes. Otherwise, a part time job should not be a priority or seen as important for college students. 

I agree with the statement to a large extent. Having a part time job exposes college students to things they have not learned or will never learn in school. This is increasingly important as the working world now demands more than just academic understanding. Firstly, real life experiences play an equally important, if not more important role than academic studies. Having a part time job allows college students to interact with people of different age as them, different profession and goals. As compared to interacting with their schoolmates, this is a newer form of interaction that requires a different set of skills. Secondly, while working on the job, they will face difficulties that they have not encountered before and hence they will be pressed to come up with solutions. This is an opportunity for them to apply what they have learned as well as to think out of the box and solve problems with novel solutions. Thirdly, students of this generation have led a relatively comfortable and pampered life. With a part time job, they will understand the hardships of working and be more appreciative of their parents. Furthermore, they can learn to be more independent by earning money for their own needs and wants. However, part time jobs should be carefully selected. Not all part time jobs give the same benefits. Jobs that are illegal or dangerous should not be considered as it will produce net harm. In conclusion, if college students take on suitable part time jobs, it can be a start to the journey of self discovery and becoming more sensible. 

I agree that it is important for college students to get a part time job because it is inevitable because of today's society. Abandon the traditional mindset, many college students actually took up a part time job to earn additional income, thus taking off a huge load from their parents' shoulders and saving for their own future such as school fees for overseas university, which should end up being a significant contribution to the college tuition. Even though academic are the main focus, students also realized the importance of having work experience. Society nowadays expects students to have working experience therefore part time job are started as early as in college life and internship is included in school modules for students to gain practical experiences off campus and gain nourishment from outer world. Students also understand the benefits of that it would help to foster values, better communication skills, honed time management skills and picking up relevant skills through the working environment thus, it helps to aspire chances with a killer cover letter and resume, standing out and impressed their future employer. In conclusion, taking up part time job could provide one with endless benefits, enhancing in both academic and social skills and such skills help students to stay ahead before entering into the working world. 

Personally I feel that it is good for students to have part time jobs, especially when they are studying in a polytechnic or university where the students have long breaks. For poly students like me, we have many breaks in a year. For example, we have these 6 weeks in around August for us to go out to work and earn money for us to buy our textbooks and to pay for our expenses. This way, we do not have to rely on our parents to give up all the pocket money. Having this part time job can also allow us to learn how to be independent and know the difficulty of earning money so that we will not squander our parents' money away by spending on things that are not necessary. By having a part time job, students are also able to learn social skills and how to interact with other people and try out the different kinds of job until we find one that is suitable for them. We can also know what are our forte and what field should we work in when we graduate from our tertiary education. Therefore, overall, I agree that students should have a part time job. Even a not so time consuming part time job is suffice. 

I agree with the statement. College students are mostly in their 20s and are adults with a social life that requires money, such as going out for dinners or shopping for clothes. Therefore, having an income (even a small one) will be useful for college students in ensuring that their social life is not compromised during the school term. Moreover, having to rely on parents for additional income can be a little embarrassing and may put a strain on their financial resource. Therefore, I feel that it will be better for college students to have their own income. While it can sometimes be tough to manage one's time, especially with assignments and other school commitments, one still has the opportunity to be flexible with his/her part time job, by taking less shifts or quitting it since there are not obliged to continue in the long term (as a last resort). Part time jobs that enable flexibility are providing tuition or working on an ad hoc basis such as modeling or screen writing. I therefore conclude that it is imperative that college students have a part time job in order to keep up with their social lifestyles and not burden their parents, some of whom may already be retired. 

I worked as a part time tutor after finishing national service. At first I had trouble getting back into the hang of academic subjects, as I had basically spent two years in my camouflage uniform and looking at guns all day. I also felt a little frustrated, as I had already mastered these two subjects, namely Mathematics and Chemistry, back in my junior college years, and I could not understand why all my knowledge had basically disappeared in the short span of two years. So in addition to my monetary income, I had another reason to pick up my lost skills again, as I had to prove to myself that I did have the concepts contained in those two subjects within my reach. In addition, I had the chance to reinforce those concepts in the process, as by teaching my student verbally, I was rehearsing my knowledge of the subject matter and solidifying my grasp of said concepts. Altogether I had a very enriching experience being a private tutor, as I loved learning and academia in general, and in the process I developed important interpersonal communication skills, for example being articulate and patient. Of course, having a stable source of income did not hurt either. 

My part time jobs have been very unique and different from the norm. I do not go to companies to work as a admin stuff during my weekend, but instead I have been working as a tuition teacher, and a kinder gymnastics trainer. I enjoy both of my jobs very much as not only does it pay well; it also is really fun and interesting to interact with the children. Their ages for the kinder gymnastic classes ranges from pre nursery to k2s. the kids are extremely cute when they recognizes you and try to be close to you. The small talks with them have also been very interesting. They are simply hilarious. The tuition children that I teach ranges from primary five to primary six. I would find this job more tiring but nevertheless, they are still interesting people. I remember feeling extremely lazy to go and teach tuition after a long day in school. However, I still had to be responsible enough to go. Also, many a times I wanted to skip tuition as I had a test/exam the following day; however, it seems as if their exams were more important than mine. In the end, I still had to go and teach them. However, it was satisfying when you see improvements in their grades. 

A lot of students hold part time jobs, even when they are not on their school holidays. Sure, part time jobs give us extra money to spend because as youths, we seem to always want more things than we can afford. We do not want to burden our parents further by giving us more money, so we get jobs. However, some students get too obsessed with the idea of making money that they sometimes forget that their top priority as a student should be to concentrate on their academics. They take up more shifts, sacrificing valuable and limited time that they should ideally be using for their schoolwork or to study. If the need to make money is so strong because they need to buy so many things, then perhaps it is time to let go of a materialistic lifestyle and learn to be happy with what they already have instead. Part time jobs teach us responsibility, but it should not be the case that it affects our performance in school. In the future, we will have the rest of their lives to work. By then, we will regret that we did not spend the time we had busying ourselves with school instead. 

I disagree that having a part time job is important to a college student. The average Singaporean college student would be bombarded with huge amount of work. Where in the world would a student find the time to take up a part time job? It requires a lot of time and effort for such a commitment. A college student without much skill would be left to do manual labour and paid low wages. Time is very precious to a college student (in contrast to a secondary school student), and the amount of time and effort is simply not worth a few bucks per hour. However, should the student have spare time on his or her hands, it would be good to get a part time job. Having a part time job allows the student to get a taste of the working world and it could be useful in the future when applying for a job. Also, additional income wouldn't hurt anyone. A part time job would be more suitable if it's during the school vacation. Having a job during school term might cause burn out. The student might go to class feeling tired or a lower concentration, affecting his/her studies. It's more important to focus on studies so that we are able to carve our own careers in the future. 

Yes it is important to have a part time job. A lot of people think that working while one is studying is tough work, that one's studies necessarily suffers. However, in my opinion I feel that having a part time job enriches one's life, not just in material terms, but in non material terms. One takes away life's lessons, such as diligence, patience, team work and social skills. This benefits the person for the entirety of his life, and so it is always better to start early. College students are at the point of their lives where they are the most malleable in terms of their psychological outlook, so having them undergo some life lessons will definitely allow them to benefit for the rest of their life. The students also receive monetary benefits, which is always welcome, because tuition fees are always escalating, as with the cost of living and one's financial responsibility to support his/her aging parents. Therefore it is imperative that students, wherever possible and physically able bodied, be able to contribute to the household income by working part time. One can also learn more skills on the job, and gain valuable contacts that can put him/her in good stead in future job hirings. In my opinion, some are born with a silver spoon, and will never work part time. These are people who will never gain an appreciation for life. 

I argue that it is not important for college students to have a part time job. This is in the context of a student who has sufficient financial resources for his studies. First, a student who works while studying may suffer poorer grades, due to less study time. Second, he would have lesser time to engage in extra curricular activities, which are vital for his future job prospects. Employers often look at such activities when deciding hiring decisions. Hence, he may lose out on a high paying job just because his time was spent on working in lowly paid part time work. Some may argue that work experience is important for students. I would counter by saying that work experience can be gotten during summer holidays, in internship programs. These can be pursued on a full time basis, particularly in the industry of choice. In contrast, part time work usually involves low skilled tasks on an ad hoc basis. There is little momentum and learning involved, that can be applicable to future use. Third, family time may be sacrificed by working on a part time job. Human beings are social creatures. We crave emotional ties and familial bonds. Thus, time spent on family bonding and interaction would present significantly higher utility than part time work. In sum, I argue it is not important for college students to have a part time job. 

Part time work is undertaken by a wide variety of people. Students during holidays frequently do part time work to get extra pocket money. Many are motivated to purchase something for themselves like a new game or gadget while others do so because their parents do not give them pocket money during the holidays. Adults or students who are studying full or part time may also work part time to get enough money to pay the tuition fees or other living expenses. There are also adults, the elderly especially, who work part time to pass the time. A full time job requires too much commitment for these folks so a part time job is ideal. These individuals are not very motivated by the money earned as most would have enough savings. Part time work may also be applicable to graduates who are unable to find a desired full time work because of a bad job market. During bad times, there would be graduates from polytechnics or universities who are qualified for and desire a full time job but are unable to find one. Part time work would be a good option for them as firstly it would help to pay the bills. Moreover, it would make his or her CV look better compared to it having a long period of time where the individual is unemployed. 

To, a large extent, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part  time job. Part time jobs are job that are done for a short period of time. It may not be the person true interest but nevertheless, there are several reason for having a part time job during school holiday. Firstly, college students would learn important skills that are not taught in school. School taught us important academic knowledge that is needed to survive in the workforce. However, it does not teach us the essential survival skills in the workforce. Some of the essential skills are soft skill like communication and building rapport with colleagues. Secondly, part time job can act as a form of internship for the students' curriculum. Students would be able to apply the knowledge imparted in school to real life application. More often, it would have positive effect towards students learning process as they would be able to understand the concept better through real life situation. Thirdly, the students are more prepared for the workforce by doing part time job. This is because they would know what the required skill is and how people survive in their job. They would be prepared mentally for the future challenge by taking up part time and understanding the nature of the job. Some job would require some form of sacrifice like time and weekend. Therefore, students would be able to know whether they are suitable for the jobs by taking part time to gain exposure. In a nutshell, part time has more beneficial than harm and all students should try to do part time job instead of being a couch potato during school holiday. 

Part time jobs are jobs that people do just for quick cash within a short period of time. People who go for part time jobs are usually students who are on holidays, they look for part time jobs to gain some experience before they step into the society. Part time jobs allow students to not only have gain experience in the working environment, but also allow us to know the hardship of earning a living. It is also a good avenue for us to pass time, and not just hang out with our friends during our holidays. Through these jobs, we can not only make friends, but also form alliance with people in the company. This way, should we be interested in working for the company again, it would be easier for us to get in. However part time jobs have its disadvantages as well, companies offer us a lower pay due to our lack of experience, even though our work capacity is on par with the experienced workers. This is unfair to students, as jobs should be paid based on capability and merits, and not experience. I say so because, even though an experienced worker has many years of experience, it is us the newer generations who are better with things like technology. 

Yes. I agree that college student should have a part time job. As a student, they need to study to get good grades, but at the same time, they also need to be exposed to the outside world meaning that they should take up job be it part time or full time. This will give them some working experience in terms of how they interact with people professionally and how to solve critical problem in a short period of time when they encounter with problems during their work. Firstly taking up a part time job during school holiday can help the student to spend their time quickly and meaningfully instead of doing nothing at home or hanging out with bad company. Secondly, it will help the student relieve stress, as I believe that most college students study day to night. Thirdly, the students can earn some incomes from taking up this part time job, and can spend their own money freely at will, instead of asking from their parents which I believe some parents will control their children expenditure to prevent them from spending money wildly. It will also help those students whose families are financially instable. Lastly it will allow students to realize that earning money wasn't easy as they think this may make them develop a habit of saving and being thrifty. 

I largely agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. As many of us may know, studying in a college or a university is very costly if without any scholarships or financial support. If college students does not get a job, this means that they can only get the money from their parents or get a loan. Some may argue that students should just focus on studying and not be obsessed about earning money at this point in time. I beg to differ. College students should get a part time job as they can learn to be independent especially when they are of a young adult age. By getting a part time job not only expands one's social circle, it also prepares them for whats coming after university, which is working life. Only by experiencing the difficulties and challenges of a work life, they can then understand the money they have earned was not so easy afterall and spend it thriftly. By just asking parents for money, they may not even know how hard it is to strive in a working life, until they experience it themselves. Thus, in conclusion, i find that it is important for college students to get a part time job, however, if they are already struggling with balancing both studies and working, they should better manage their time and reduce a little on the working hours. 

Although there are merits of having a part time job while schooling at a college level, I believe that the focus of students should primarily be their studies. Working a part time job can be very beneficial as youngsters learn various skills like responsibility, hard work, team work and perseverance. It also gives them a sense of accomplishment and self worth because they would be earning money entirely by themselves. This makes them independent because they would no longer require to merely rely passively on their parents for allowance to meet their daily expenses. Working a part time job would also enable young people to understand the value of money and learn to appreciate it. This cultivates a good habit of thrift which would be useful for them in the future when they are accountable for their own financial matters. Working also helps students to not take things for granted especially since they would experience first hand how it feels to work for money. However despite these benefits, I strongly believe that students should ultimately divert a significant amount of attention to their academic endeavours simply because it is only pragmatic to do so. Especially in a meritocratic country like Singapore, hard work in school translates to qualifications that would render one more successful in their careers in the future. Financial stability should take precedence and therefore, students should not waste their precious revision time on being employed while they are schooling. 

There is no need for college students to have part time jobs because it would more often than not be a distraction from their studies. Furthermore, there is no need for students to stress themselves over part time jobs unless they have monetary issues, or unless they are working during their holidays. Even if they do have monetary issues, most schools should have aid for students to relief them of certain school fees and waiver costs of required items to ease the toll on parents. However, if it is the case that the student really has to work for his/her pocket money or to help with household expenditures, would it then be acceptable that s/he works part time. Working during the school holidays would also be acceptable as long as it does not interfere with their school curriculum. As this would promote independence and help the student prepare for his or her future. Other than these two reasons, college students should not let part time work be of distraction to their studies. The amount of school related stress from work and compulsory co curricular activities is more than enough for a student to handle, which does not include study time as well as a student's own personal time. Even if a student admits to being able to juggle school work as well as a job, s/he should still not opt to work part time as studies would be more important as compared to a part time job. 

I believe that it is not important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, emphasizing on the importance for college students to have a part time job will only add an extra burden on the students' shoulders. When it is said having a part time job is important, due to the competitiveness of Singaporean students to be the best, it would seem critical for them to obtain a part time job. However, the average Singaporean college student is barely coping with the workload that college gives them. Thereby, giving the students one more burden to carry and cope with. Also, this will detract the government's aim to improve the work life balance of Singaporeans. Thus, instead of having quality family bonding during their free time, they will be spending their time doing their part time job. This may put a strain on their family relations, creating unhappiness in their household. Therefore, it is not important for college students to have a part time job due to the repercussions the society will have. Lastly, though having a part time job will enhance the college student's resume and will develop their character and maturity, the main job of the college student is to study. With the cost of college education high, their education should be their priority over a part time job. If the individual is able to do well academically, then he may choose to enrich their resume and college experience with a part time job. This will beef up their employer prospects in the future. However, not having a part time job in college will not hinder him from getting a job in the future. With a good attitude and the capability to learn and be taught, he can easily find a job in the future. Therefore, it's not important to have a part time job in college. 

It is absolutely critical for college students to take on a part time job. To be better prepared for the working society, students should be encouraged to work during their free time. However, it isn't an easy task for them to study and work concurrently so time management is the key to success. First, students should consider jobs which they had passion and interest in. I believe one will excel only if he is motivated in doing his job. Hence, an art student could probably work as a guide in the Singapore Art Museum while a hospitality student works in the front office department of Ritz Carlton hotel. Such valuable working experience allows students to learn of what is expected of them. Moreover, they will be able to acquire new skills and knowledge which is highly applicable in their work in future. Prior to graduation, I had worked at Fairmont Singapore in the Banquet department, Singapore Cruise Centre as an usher and Resort World Sentosa as a customer service agent. As a hospitality student, these working experience are priceless. Lastly, grades are never a true reflection of one's ability. A diversified working experience defines one's self and one's worth. Therefore, I will encourage all students to work part time. 

How important it is for college students to have a part time job depends very much on the circumstance he is in. If the student requires the job to support himself and even his family, it would likely be important for him to hold a part time job. If on the other hand, the student has no need to work to support himself financially, a part time job is optional and not of great importance. The notion of financial independence is dependent on the individual's own values. If the student deems it important for him to earn his own money, a part time job would naturally be important for him. Vice versa, it is unimportant for one who does not see meaning in having a job to work. It is arguable that it is important for college students to have a part time job to inculcate the value of independence. However, independence need not necessarily be gained from a job; the student would also be likely to gain financial independence after graduation when he works. Financial gains, however, is not the only merit to a job. The worth of a part time job can be judged by the lessons and experiences one would learn through it. In this respect, it is actually worth encouraging college students to work, especially if the nature of the job is related to his area of study and intended career. However, a part time job is not essential, nor of great importance to a college student. 

Money to spend is a concern for many college students nowadays. This situation has been around since the start of my college life, moreover it has been a shared issue among my peers. There are reasons for college students, just like my friends and I, who are worrying about the money problems. Majority of us felt that are our entertainment lifestyle is the most influential factors to the reason why we need part time job. There had been many marketing news out in the society to lure students like us buying goods and services. For example, college student getting the latest phone, such as Samsung note, LTE in the market would make you the most "fashionable" guy around. In fact, there are many more things to keep us entertained during our free time. For instance, watching movies and going to places like shopping district and theme park to enjoy various attractions. All of these activities have its cost and it is rather not that cheap to sustain. Therefore, our lifestyles would determine how much money we need and this translated to securing a part time job to earn that spending power ability. Nevertheless, it is important for college students who have higher demand for quality entertainment lifestyle to have a stable income. And this could means having our parents to support us or taking up part time job to sustain our desires. Every collage students has to manage their spending, if there is insufficient money for their lifestyle, and then the needs for part  time job to earn that extra money will be inevitable for them to take. 

It seems more and more Singaporean students would like to have a part time job during their college life. Most of the students think it's good because they can earn extra pocket money, and to a lesser extent because the jobs would enrich their college life, and broaden their horizons on how a working class would be like. However, many parents are worrying that by working part time will sometimes affect their children's academic performance, as they often come home late from working place and do not have enough time for lessons and homework. I think a part time job is advantageous for the students who can adequately arrange the time and those who can make sure the job itself won't distract them from the education. The student should put their school tasks as the priority, and only when the academic performance is satisfied, can they seek for part time jobs. And, the best time is to take part time jobs is in school holidays. Secondly, part time jobs are usually lowly paid works. I think the students could take a try on it but should never think they can rely on it to earn a lot of money. It is good to gain some working experience before going to the real society, but there's always chance even after graduation, such as gap years or internships. Therefore, part time jobs are good for students who can handle their leisure time well and knows what is most important at their stage of life. 

According to the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job, I do not personally agree with it. As a student, your primary job role is to study hard and get good results, this is what your parents send you to school for. However, if the students tends to get a part time job, they might be distracted by the short term monetary benefits and therefore neglecting their studies and hence, their results plunged rocket down. Also, many students tends to learn rebellious while being in college and giving them a part time job, letting them think that they are young adults might make things worse as they will have the mindset that they are mature enough to handle what adults can handle and do wrong things they will make them regret for life. Some may also think that they can work the part time job for life and neglecting their studies is no big deal for them since they already have a job and they will not starve. Sadly, little do they know that the wages is barely enough to feed their future family if they tend to get married and have kids of their own. 

It is important for college students to get a part time job because besides knowledge gained from books, practical experience is very important. Practical experience allows ones to gain knowledge that ones could never obtain through books such as the ability to handle different types of customers. There are always unpredictability while working which will not be entirely written in the books. Furthermore while ones graduated from college, they will either to continue to further their studies or join the workforce. If junior college students decided to join the workforce, they will be at a disadvantage when they are set side by side with those students who have a diploma. Diploma students are equipped with practical knowledge and undergoes internship while junior college students are only equipped with theory based knowledge. Moreover when ones join a company, they will be taught new things which varies across organizations. Thus, theory based knowledge will be at more of a disadvantaged. Also, practical experience will allow ones to understand how the society works which cannot be gained from books. They allows ones to know more about power relations, train ones' interpersonal skills, as well as ability to react to different situations. Hence, it is important for college students to get a part time job. 

All across the nation, you will find many students getting part time job during heir long school holidays, regardless of age. It is a common sight to see many students at the front of service line; in fast food restaurants, book store or even as part time teachers! Many engage in part time jobs to "make end meets". allowing them to earn some pocket money to indulge in the more extravagant sides of life. However, for a college students, it is important for them to get a part time job not only to gain experience in life but also to prepare for their out of school life in the coming months. Taking up a part time job is no longer child's play, for their own personal satisfaction. The purpose of schooling is to equip the younger generations with the necessary skills before they join the workforce. College students are at the end of their studying journey and should be thoroughly prepared once they step into the workforce, and to do so, it would be important for them to get a part time job to learn things outside of the textbook. By getting a part time job, they get a more in depth understanding of the nature of the job and not just the theories they learn in classes. Many young graduates hop from industries to industries due to the lack of concrete knowledge and experience in the field. Hence, it would be useful if college students engage in part time jobs which they presumed they were interested in, to minimise the time they take to find the right job. 

Before we begin on the topic of discussion, it is crucial to first identify the scope of the discussion topic, which will be limited to Singapore in order to facilitate the discussion to a more effective level that is familiar to me. In this case, a college student is assumed to be one that is currently studying in a junior college in Singapore, and based on my personal experiences and the experiences shared by my friends, I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job, with reasons laying around how they will eventually affect the student from achieving their full potential. Although college students can be argued to be able to pick up valuable life experiences in working from their part time job, it is not crucial for them to work because they are not mature enough to handle situations at work which they may be exposed to. Also, having a part time job can be argued to have detrimental effect on college students' grades should they not manage their time well. In fact, since a junior college is an express path that leads them to a university, it is crucial that they perform well enough to enter a university and a course of their choice that will ultimately decide their future career, so it is not essential for college students to get a part time job but to perform their role as a student well. 

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, when you graduate from a university, work experience could be your competitive advantage when applying for a job. Secondly, it's additional income. For some trying to make meet ends, this extra income could make or break your university life. Some parents are not able to afford the rising cost of living and their child's education and any form of additional income will be significant. However, for the majority of us fortunate students, this extra money can allow us to indulge ourselves in buying the things we want or setting it aside to generate even more income. They say that you're the richest when you're young because you have all the years to generate income. Lastly, having a part time job builds an individual's character and accumulates life skills that are unattainable from the lessons in school. For example, being in the service industry, people develop a higher tolerance of others or better communicative skills. These skills have to be experienced and not just verbally taught. However, the average college student faces a high amount of workload from school   the time they have to spend in school, on their assignments and to prepare for their next class. Not to mention, the extra hours required to prepare for the next important test. One might feel exhausted just by tackling school alone and would like some time to rest and enjoy life with the remaining time instead of taking up a part time job. In conclusion, it's not necessary to have a part time job, but it would be beneficial. The priority should be on studies. 

Before I start my argument, I will like to clarify that "working" and "interning" are different terms. We work with the sole intention of earning our keep, but we intern because we want to broaden our horizons. I do not agree that it is important for college students to work, even if it is just a part time job. Being college students, I believe that our primary job is to study well. Our parents send us to school with the hope that we will focus on what we have on hand, so that we will not be distracted by what is not something we have to worry about at moment. Besides, today's employers look for candidates with experience and credible degrees, not simply a determination that screams. Working will simply take our minds off studying. A healthy lifestyle at our age (as tertiary students) dictates us to study and play hard  we hardly have time to stress over work. In addition, Singapore's education is heavily subsidized, and there are many loan schemes that we can take up to lighten our parents' burden. All these initiatives gear towards putting our minds off monetary issues. I believe that the only way we can lighten our parents' load  is to simply work hard, excel in what we do to pave a bright future for ourselves. That being said, we should open ourselves to internships, because it complements our education and gives us a glimpse of an adult's working world. If what we do helps us to make new discoveries, then it is justified, because that is what "Education" is all about. If we are just working for the sake of earning money, then why not we focus on our studies now, do better in school so that we can earn more in future? 

I agree to a large extent that it is important for college students to have a part time job. For one, college students are at the age where they should start to gain financial freedom. While most parents will still be providing an allowance, college students should take the initiative to earn money to support their own needs. This will teach them to manage their finances and not take money for granted. In addition, part time jobs can train them to be more independent. College students will be able to experience a taste of the real world, which is useful especially for those who are accustomed to cushioned and privileged lifestyles. Having working experience also helps increase students' maturity and imparts useful life skills, such as the ability to work collaboratively. Besides, the timetables in college are relatively flexible, making it easier for students to plan their time. They will have to be more disciplined with themselves. It is important that these students can plan their time and manage this asset. Having said so, juggling a part time job may not be feasible for college students who need more time to concentrate on their studies or are actively involved in co curricular activities. The priority for college students remains their education and if their grades would suffer, they probably should not commit to a part time job and should focus on their studies instead. Therefore, it is important for college students to work part time as they will learn important skills and having an income helps alleviate the financial burdens of their parents. However, the importance of having part time jobs pales in comparison to the importance of the students' grades. 

A part time job is needed at different parts of our lives. It also consists of many different types of jobs, which may be suitable for certain age group and not for others. As for college students, I believe that it is imperative that they have a part time job for various reasons. First, having a part time job would supplement their income and allowance. At college, there would be a lot of necessary payments needed for books, projects etc. Sometimes, students may be embarrassed to ask their parents for additional allowance as they are more understanding towards their family situations, or they feel that they have already grown up and there is little need for them to bother their parents. At the same time, having additional income will also allow them to have more freedom to buy things that they want, without their parents knowing. For example, they want to give a better present to their parents that is out of their means; they want to pamper their other half with extravagant presents and asking their parents for money would make it unreasonable. Secondly, having a part time job would allow college students' resume to look better in the eyes of the employer. It is needed for them to gain experience before they plunge into the working world after their graduation. By trying out different part time jobs, they would also gain first hand experience about the lives in the working world, and give them more opportunities to try out possible industries they want to work int. This would also greatly assist them in selecting a course for further study or a career that they want to pursue. For example, if one does not enjoy a part time job in sales/retail, they would probably not want to venture into sales marketing. 

In this day and age, the situation in Singapore calls for a high level of dedication to studies for students. Especially in the case of higher level academic pursuits, students will have little or not extra time to even give themselves a break from schoolwork, much less a part time job. Hence in this aspect, I find that college student will be unlikely to juggle a part time job in Singapore. However, circumstances may call for the need and importance for a part time job. For instance, family financial situation may require students to head out to earn some part time income for the family. For such students, it is imperative to work part time for the extra income, which his/her family may depend on. Another circumstance is the case of on the job learning. This is an important issue because Singapore should head on to focus on hands on learning instead of classroom learning. Many argue that the student will learn more actually doing things himself then to be force fed with information and more information. Such work learning are termed as internships. For this reason, I also believe that college students could head out to the workforce early. Therefore, it depends on the circumstances if college students should or should not get a part time job. 

It is not important for college students to have a part time job. However, it is recommended for them to do so that they can gain the experiences that come with having a job. It also helps the college students to prepare themselves for the working world, to show them that that the working world is not a rosy place. They can also learn how to interact with people of different levels, their supervisors, colleagues and customers, etc. Sometimes, the college kids can be exposed to instances where they find themselves being interested in their jobs and therefore make the choice to continue serving in that line after graduating from college or universities. Also, not to forget the friendships forged among colleagues that might last a lifetime and also serve as a helpline in the future when they need to find any job opportunities by word of mouth. However, the college students must make sure that they are able to concentrate on their studies as well as the same time and not focus all their energy and time at work. The college students should also be guided by their parents in such a way that they do not misuse their salary earned by using it on distasteful matters such as smoking or getting themselves wasted. 

One reason it can be important for college students to have a part time job is to be able to find the work life balance that will inevitably be encountered once they graduate. College students should eventually be able to cope with the stress of managing assignments and tasks from school as well as their jobs. Furthermore, the remuneration from the part time job can reduce the financial burden of paying for college fees. On the other hand, college students should also stay committed to completing their assignments and projects from school in order to achieve the desired grades for graduation. Having a part time job may take some of the precious time away that could have been well spent on revision or completing assignments with better quality. Students who are unable to perform up to standard as a result of not being able to have enough time to complete their assignments may see themselves struggling to keep up with the progress. Nevertheless, there should always been a good balance of managing time well for school work as well as part time job work. Ultimately college students should always strive to gain work experience apart from the skills learnt in academia, in order to be well prepared for endeavours beyond graduation. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. A part time job will distract students from their studies and college is an important period where students focus on their studies so that they would be able to get a better certificate and secure a good job in the future. A part time job will be mentally and physically draining for students and they might not be able to cope with the stress from both school and the part time job. Academics at college can be rather demanding and taking up a part time job will be too time consuming for students. A job might be a distractor for students and caused them to be overly engaged and distracted. Even though it is true that a part time job will help to train students to become more independent individuals and allow them to gain real working experience, students will have to weigh the pros and cons carefully before getting a job. They will have to consider the academic demands of their courses as well as the requirements of the job before making a decision. It depends on the individuals if they are able to cope with overwhelming stress and anxiety from school and work but it is definitely not important for college students to have a part time job. 

As college students, most of them will not have any independent financial support. The better ones will have sponsorship from the school or from the local companies. Few will be able to support themselves with business such as blogshops and play stock market to get their financial needs. Most of the students will still be taking money from their parents in order to meet their financial needs. In order to be financially independent, college students can get close to it by working part time. It is a good way to earn extra income as a student's time table will not be as packed as those who work full time and are flexible in planning their time. Part time job also do not need any specialise skill which allow anyone who are willing to learn to master the required skills. For some, part time is just a way to get some experience in the major that they study and allow them to know if they had chosen the correct course. Part time job is not a must for all college students but it is a good ways to gain financial independent, make new friends, experience how it feels like to make their own money. It is only important to those people who have an objective in working part time. Therefore, it all depend on individual whether part time job is important to them. 

From my point of view, college students should be concentrating on their studies and should not be holding a part time job during school term. This is based on the assumption that the financial situations of the family allows the student to fully concentrate on his or her studies. Unless the family is not able to support the student financially, every college student should not hold a part time job. In my opinion, the main aim of studying in a college is to gain new knowledge and to find out the student's real interest in order for him or her to proceed to a higher level of education in their field of interest. Hence, with the heavy workload in college, students should spend their time revising their school work and participating in school activities since it will be a part of memory that they could hardly achieve again in future. Part time jobs do provide the students with more work experiences, however, I believe these job experiences can be obtained after completing their studies. It may be recommended if the students hold a part time job during the school vacations, but during school term, it should not be recommended, unless necessary. 

Being a college student nowadays does not comprise only of burying oneself underneath all those books. Rather, I see the period of college life as a golden opportunity for the building of one's character and exploring what it is like beyond academic matters. Moreover, it is during college that one has a very flexible schedule, thus enabling college students to efficiently plan and fit in part time jobs so conveniently. Hence, I agree that part time jobs are something which college students should have a chance to be exposed to. Speaking from my own experiences (having attended college for about four years now) as well as the testimonies from my seniors, when one tries to remember college life, it is the poignant learning experiences which make a difference rather than the convoluted theories of classic writers or other kinds of social scientists. It would truly be a pity if one's memories of his or her college life were merely the struggles and sleepless nights caused by the stress felt with the thought of the next presentation or essays. Having a part time job, however, would take the boredom out of the highly ritualised life of studies. For one, it would be a good break from hitting the books. Secondly, research has also shown that many hours of cramming information inside one's head is not an efficient study solution. Rather, studying efficiently within a certain amount of time set apart solely for the cause of studying would be a better solution. People who would critic the taking up of part time jobs should thus not worry about part time jobs taking away precious time from studying and pursuing academic success. Yet, while I advocate the use college students to take up a part time job, I also emphasise on the need to balance one's time well. It would not be wise to devote too much time to work at the expense of one's studies. 

Yes, I agree. Part time jobs give college students exposure to the working world, and the experience they get from it is something they cannot get in school. For one, they learn that it is indeed very tough to earn money. This may cause them to be more cautious of their spending and thus be able to better manage their finances. For two, they learn how to deal and manage situations. Of course, this varies on the job they take up. For example, if they enter the service industry as a part time service crew member, they would learn how to handle customers and how to handle public relations. Also, they would learn practical skills such as serving food and drink. However, if they take up an administrative job, they would be more proficient in using the computer, for example, with Microsoft Word. Some may not be in favour of the idea, for it entails forgoing their free time with friends. However, I am in total support of the idea, because I believe it prepares one for the working world and also, is a break in the monotony of school. Of course, I would recommend taking a fun filled job, because it is something that most would not do as a long term career, and this gives a wide variety of exposure, to the individual. 

Being in the industry is important for everyone heading to adult hood, A part itme job can bring good on the job experience to the one who is doing, He may learn new skills not taught in school but are important to one's future in the workforce. However, one should take note that grades affect one's future. A Student should strive his best and aceive good grades. A part time job may hinder his studies as jobs are usually in shifts and can affect a student's life by making them sleeping in classes and thus affecting the time spent for exams. A student may have other ambitions and that a good grade is important for one to go futher up. On the other hand, one may be doing the part time job to earn extra income so as to help the family or get the item he or she wanted for along time, term breaks are long and lazing the couch is not a good way of spending the holidays and why not get a part time job and get both body and mind to work and earn that extra pocket money to spend at the movies. In Conclusion, a part time job may be beneficial to a student, but careful time management is important to ensure that nothing drastic happens and affects the whole being of the student. 

I feel that having a part time job is advantageous in many ways and college students should be advised to take up one. Part time work can potentially equip students with many skills which books cannot give us. However, I do not feel that part time work is for everyone, especially students who are struggling with school work. Firstly, part time jobs teaches one to manage time better. As one is required to put in a certain number of hours at work, the amount of time left for other things are reduced. To be able to manage work and studies well would be a challenge. By taking up a job, one would be forced to learn good time management skills. Secondly, a part time job allows one to better appreciate the things we have. Many have criticized today's youths for taking many things for granted. By taking up paid work, one could better understand the hard work behind every cent earned. In addition, one may even learn how to manage one's finances. Since a set amount of money is paid after working, one can learn how to spend wisely and save up for a rainy day. Having said that, it does not mean that part time work is suitable for everyone. As students, the priority should always be to do well in studies. Those who are struggling with passing examinations should spend more time to revise instead of taking up a part time job as working can be quite exhausting. In conclusion, I feel that part time work should be encouraged, but not at the expense of school work. As students, we should always ensure that studies come first. For those who are coping well with their studies, it may not be a bad idea to consider taking up a part time job as it would be very beneficial. 

I think that it is not important for college students to have a part time job. Going through college, or university, is a time of learning and the student should be whole heartedly focused on the acquisition of knowledge and of gaining relevant skills for the working world. However, this does not have to be achieved through students taking up part time jobs outside of curriculum time in university. Universities offer students many opportunities such as internships, courses and workshops, directly and indirectly, for them to have a glimpse of the working world and to gain skills about how best to carry themselves in the working world. Hence, a part time job would not be as important in this context as the students would not require a part time job to gain experience about the working world. Some may argue that a part time job is important for students to earn some pocket money during their university or college years so they will be less of a burden to their parents who have to help pay for their education. I believe that this is true, and that college students should try their best to help lessen the burden on their parents. However, there are ways that this can be done without compromising the student's education on a part time job. For example, the student can earn a decent amount of money during internships. This can help to pay for their daily expenses, lessening their parents' burden, and students will also learn a great deal during the internships, more than when they are just taking up a job, as internships require students to work closely with the employers, and also allows them to create networks that would serve important in future. 

I disagree. Doing part time work do have its benefits which are earning extra pocket money thus to lessen parent's financial burden and also able to gain experience which school does not provide. But it is quite time and energy consuming. As a college student, the amount of school work is really large. Some say if one has time management, he or she could manage both school work and part time work. But I really do question it. Even if time was manage well, however they do not have the energy to do it, could they really manage the school work and part time work? Personally, I do not think so. In the end, they might do poorly in both aspects. For student, the main priority would be study. By focusing on study and getting good grade, it helps to increase the chances of getting a good job after graduates. Also by studying, it helps one to gain more new knowledge. With the new knowledge, perhaps in the future, the student could develop something that benefits the world. Also by comparing the money earn via doing part time work (few hundred dollars) and the future value of money ( few thousand dollars) when one earn after he or she manage to graduate with good grades, definitely the later will be better. Thus, part time work is not really important for college student. 

In my opinion, the importance of having part time job varies among individual college students. However, I believe that most college students have a part time job is because to earn extra money. It can be extra money for leisure purpose or it can be money to pay school tuition fees. My reason of having a part time job is as the reason that I mentioned earlier. Hence, I agree that having a part time job is important. Having a part time job will definitely help to shoulder some of the debt responsibility that a college student has to bear after he or she graduates. Having in mind of the future monetary liability that one may have, makes a part time job important. Besides for the reason of earning extra money, I think that the part time provides each individual a unique experience. It prepares one in some way or another in advancing into the work life when one graduates. It can be the social skill that one learnt in his or her part time job or the social circle that one manages to create. They are all important skills and experience in life. Furthermore, a part time job does not hold much risk that one has to face as compared to a real job. This shows the importance for college students to have a part time job. 

I disagree to a certain extent. At this age, studying is more important than having a part time job. Working is a life long process but studying is not. Students should make full use of this golden opportunity to focus on their studies and achieve good grades for their future. This may enable them to apply for scholarships to further studies or work in reputable companies. They may be able to earn more and buy the things that they desire to compensate for their hard work over the years. When students have a part time job, they may get distracted from their studies as they want to focus on earning more money to buy the things that they desire. This may cause them to neglect their studies and their grades may be affected badly which will be reflected on their transcripts. Upon graduation, they may not be able to enroll in good schools for further studies or work in good companies. However, some students may need to have a part time job as their families are unable to provide for their school fees. They may work as long as their studies are not affected. For example, I had to work part time during my polytechnic days as my parents were unable to afford my school fees. I ensured that the part time job would not affect my studies. I would only work on the weekends during school days but I would work almost every day during semester holidays. I quitted my part time job eventually as my studies were affected. 

The idea of taking up a part time job is something that has crossed the minds of many a college student. Being a time where these young adults eagerly explore future career options, it might seem that doing so would be beneficial to these students. It is my opinion, however, that taking up a part time job should be put on hold, and that these students foremost priority should be their studies. This is because doing so will allow them to concentrate better on their course material, as well as develop other aspects of their life such as making friends with their university mates. While it may be argued that part time jobs give college students first hand working experience, it is my contention that these students should place a greater emphasis on grasping the key concepts of their course material well. This would enable them to transit more smoothly into their future careers, especially in occupations that require the use of skills learnt in college. Moreover, many colleges give students ample opportunities via industrial attachments to ease these students' transition from the university into the working world. Furthermore, college is perceivably a time for these young adults to forge strong friendships and connections with their school mates who share similar interests. These bonds can be formed between classmates or friends who participate in the same extra curricular activities. College provides a platform for students to mingle around and learn essential social and life skills, which are essential to the students' effective functioning in the corporate world where these soft skills will be put to the test. College can be seen as a preparatory programme to a long journey in the working world, and students will benefit best by making the best out of their college years instead of entering the working world pre maturely. 

In my opinion, holding a part time job also the student to gain experience in the working world, as well as using the money obtained to use as extra pocket money to use, save or pay off tuition debts. I think that working while studying is an invaluable experience because first, a certain amount of working experience may translate into an added advantage when it comes to looking for jobs after graduation. This is because some employers will prefer to employ students who already have prior job experience. Also, working while studying allows the student to use his spare time to make extra money. The money earned can be used for many purposes. Especially in Singapore, where most students studying in university are paying school fees via loans, working now allows them to save up some money before they graduate, and the money can be used to repay the schools fees before the interest starts to snowball. However, working alongside studying requires very good time management, which not many students may be able to handle. Having a part time job effectively means an additional commitment, one that cannot be ignored at whim. Coupled with the extra curricular activities in school and schoolwork, the burden may be too heavy to bear for the student. Also, the time consumed by working means that the student now has less time for other activities, be it studying or socializing. For many, university is the last phase of education, and it may seem pointless to work while in school since working is going to be an integral part of life after graduation. Weighing the pros and cons of working part time, I believe that ultimately, if one is able manage his time properly, the detriments can be easily mitigated. 

I think it is not important for college students to have part time jobs. College is a good platform for the students to make sure that they enjoy the perks of being in school purely for the sake of studies and also extra curricular activities. The subjects in school are more relevant to what is going to be taught in university and hence it is important to find out what interests them and also to build a good foundation and understanding once they find out what they like. As for extra curricular activities, it helps the students build up their character, teamwork with other students and also most importantly to take up leadership positions as much as possible to train them to become stronger and more mature in terms of thought. This is also in line with the Singaporean education system that advocates for excellence in both academic and non academic aspects. There would a lot of opportunities for the student to exhibit this new found leadership ability and sense of responsibility in the university and hence, it would be rather important for the student in college to make sure that the essential and basic skills are honed in an environment that is still much guided by the teachers. There is still chance for the student to receive feedback for his attempts to lead and guide his peers. Hence the student in college should not take up part time jobs so as to ensure the maximal amount of time to venture into these aspects of development. 

A part time job is great for students still studying in high schools or even college, as this reduces their dependence on their parents as well as achieving financial independence. This also has the benefit of reducing the financial burden of the parents, or even help supplement the family income. By working part time, students can also feel financial freedom, and even learn how to budget early on in life. However, some people may recklessly spend their new found income, and continue to do so in increasing amounts later on in life. This may lead to debt when the person starts overspending or taking on credit loans. Besides earning extra income, a part time job is also useful to gain working experience. This will allow the student gain an upper hand when looking for a full time, permanent job. Another positive side effect of working part time could be the new social connections one could make whilst working. By networking this early in life, many opportunities could arise for the part timer, and sometimes even go on to open up a career path for him or her. However, there are also downsides to working part time. Working part time greatly decreases the amount of spare time one could have for relaxation and play. If overworked, one could neglect their other important parts of their lives like bonding with their friends and family. Over time, this could lead to the person not having a fulfilling, balanced life, causing depression in severe cases. All in all, I still believe that every student should get part time jobs, so as to broaden their horizons and also to make extra cash for future needs or even for indulgence. However, one should also not neglect their social life while working. 

I believe in the importance of college students having a part time job, because it will enrich their lives in more ways than one. Firstly, a part time job will help to cultivate financial independence. This is especially important as college is the preliminary stage before one embarks on his or her set career path. With a part time job, college students do not have to rely on their parents to provide allowance for them, and they will effectively learn how to manage their finances well; thereby preparing them for the future. Furthermore, a part time job during college time will also reflect well on students' portfolios. Essentially, college serves to prepare students for their future careers. In college, the exposure that students get to working life is minimal. Rather than merely undergoing internships during the holidays, students can actually make use of part time jobs to gain the sufficient exposure they need to equip them with relevant important skills for working full time in future. Such experiences will help them to gain better interpersonal skills, learn to submit to higher authority, etc. Another notable point is that a part time job will add diversity and color to a college student's life. It can be admitted that the workload of a college student is rather heavy, and much time has to be devoted to studying so that students can adequately understand and apply concepts learnt. Hence, many actually find themselves spending the bulk of their time studying and not participating in other activities. This could then adversely impact their social lives, among other things. A part time job will ensure that there is a balance in students' lives such that they do not'burn out' from excessive studying. Of course, they must also know how to efficiently allocate their time such that working will negatively impact their studies. 

Having a part time job allows the student to earn his own allowance. This will lessen the burden of their parents who already have to support them in their expensive tertiary level education. The amount earned from a part time job may not be much but it will offset a student's spending to an extent. Moreover, having a part time job instils discipline in the student to manage his time between work and studies. With a part time job, the time left to study is very much lessened. This may push the student to better manage his time in order to have sufficient time left to study. With less time to study, the student has to ensure that whatever remaining time he has left is spent fruitfully. In addition, a part time job may teach his valuable lessons for the future work life. For example, communication skills between colleagues can be learnt at his part time job, be it an office or retail job and responsibility to complete a given task. Lastly, a part time job while studying serves as a prelude to the work life that will come. This may better prepare the student from transition from studying to work and possibly help in a smoother transition. 

 I agree to this statement to a small extent. The main purpose of tertiary education is to provide college students with the knowledge and ability to be productive in the workforce after the completion of their studies. Therefore it is not as important to get a part time job as compared to focusing on completing the studies first. There are instances in which part time jobs are beneficial and important to college students. Those aspiring to join certain organisations would be inclined to look for job opportunities which expose them to similar job scope. For example, a college student studying accounting would be more inclined to look for an account's assistant position in order to understand the requirements of being an accountant. On the other hand, a college student's priority is to study instead of working and studying simultaneously. That has to be a clear objective for the student and he should be focused on completing his studies before stepping into the working world. Besides, college students should be involved in school activities and engaging the community instead of getting a part time job. For example, a college student could participate in overseas community involvement programmes to gain insight into a different environment from what he experience locally. Some of these experiences are what he may not be able go through if he had taken a part time job. 

I agree with this statement to a certain extent. Usually by the time students get to college, their daily allowances given by parents may not be sufficient. This is because there are not as many restrictions for college students as compared to being at a younger age, so they can hang out longer and more often with friends and therefore increasing their expenditures. They are also easily influenced on their wants over needs which may result in overspending. Not all parents are willing to hand out extra cash to their children to satisfy their wants instead of needs. Getting a part time job helps to sustain their lifestyles and enables them to spend whatever they earn, or there are also others who want to save can save more compared to relying only on their allowances. Some students may also think that they are old enough to take care of themselves and not rely on their parents all the time so they will earn their own allowances by getting a part time job. Although most students tend to get part time jobs, there are also those who do not need a job at all because their families have higher incomes and are willing to support and maintain their children's lifestyles. The parents can just give them whatever money they ask for and buy them whatever they want. 

I do not agree with this statement. Firstly, the main role of students is to study. The most important thing for them is to do well in their academics and graduate with a good degree. It is not exactly necessary for them to have part time jobs because this will only add burden to the students' workloads and might affect their academics. Of course, it might be good to have a part time job to gain some working experience before stepping into the workplace. Nonetheless, this is not deemed to be extremely important or necessary. Secondly, I believe it is more important to develop themselves through CCAs and other extracurricular activities rather than part time jobs. While the main point of a university education is to obtain a degree, it is not merely that. It is also important to explore new areas of interests and to participate in all sorts of activities because these are the last few years of being a student and opportunities to have fun will be sorely limited once we graduate. If students are not in desperate financial situation such that they have to find a part time job to pay off their school fees, then I believe it would be better to enrich themselves via CCAs rather than part time jobs. All in all, I feel that while a part time job might be good to have, it is not extremely necessary or important. 

The general notion is that college students should take up a part time job. A part time job will help college students to gain exposure into the working environment. Not only will they gain valuable experience, they would also be able to sustain themselves with some form of allowance. Most students might be slightly clueless on what their future entails. By taking a part time job, they gain insight and slowly discover if that line of work is indeed suited for them. Furthermore, the skillsets that are learnt from these jobs can be hardwired and useful in future applications. Moreover, rather wasting time during long vacations, a job is both productive and beneficial to the individual as well society in general. For students, which are slightly more ambitious, a part time job can help to spruce up their portfolios and resumes. However, on the flip side, some may argue that part time jobs are not necessary. Life is short and the vacations should be spent pursing hobbies and interests to further one's knowledge while young. Staying stuck in the same environment for a lengthened period maybe detrimental to personal development. College students should instead travel to places and see the world, pick up a new skill or even pursue personal projects. The working life can wait because you only live once. In conclusion, a good balance might be needed as all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. The converse may be true as well. It also depends on the individuals needs and wants from life as well. This questions proves to be a smaller scale of how do we achieve a good life balance? It also raises the possibility of actually mixing work and play together. 

I disagree with the above statement. It is not important for college students to have a part time job, but it is just an added bonus. Having a part time job, especially if it is related to the student's course, will enable to student to gain real life, first hand working experience in the industry he or she might enter in future. This will be beneficial to the student as what he or she learns on the job is something that cannot be taught in school. For example, the student may learn how to react with others professionally and learn to use industry specific databases. Employers often view this sort of experience as a plus point when considering candidates for recruitment, so a part time job may be important with respect to this. Even if the part   time job is unrelated to the student's course of study, it can be a source of income for him or her. This working experience will allow the student to understand the realities of working life, as well as learn better time management as he or she will have to juggle work and studies, while maintaining a social life. In this case, having a part time job can be an added benefit to the student, but it is not absolutely important if the student feels that focusing on his or her studies is more important as a college student, or if the student's parents are able to support him or her. Thus, we can see that having a part time job does benefit the student in several ways, but it cannot be considered something important during the course of study in college. 

In the present age, it is common for people from all walks of life to have a job. While the reason that drove them to attain a job may differ, this phenomenon is one that would stay. The issue of whether it is crucial for college students     young persons within the age of 18 to 25 years old who are pursuing an education career in a tertiary institute     to be employed to work for a relatively short period of time is indeed contentious. This essay shall attempt to illustrate that while working part time benefits the student by allowing one to gain experience and become financially independent, it is not without its limitations, where is saps one's free time. It is important for college students to attain a part time job. Through a part time job, the student would inculcate valuable hard and soft skills. For instance, there would be enhanced communications between the student and one's employer and client that helps one improve on one's interpersonal skills. Technical skills specific to the job could also be quickly picked up by the student, equipping one with more knowledge that could create an all rounded individual. Furthermore, one would be able to become financially independent and learn to manage one's finances at a younger age. Hence, attaining a part time job is important as it provides one with a range of skills that mere studying cannot achieve. Nonetheless, dissidents may argue that working is not important as the main focus of a college student is to study. Instead, critics may feel that working deprives one of leisure time, and in some cases, may even result in one being too busy, resulting in one's inability to concentrate on one's academics. This would be detrimental to the college student. 

To ascertain if it is important for college students to be employed part time, we need to consider various factors. Also, college students in different countries have different living standards and hence difference requirements. Here, I will talk about students living in Singapore. In Singapore, most college students either live at home or on campus. Either way, the country is rather small and hence students do not need to spend too much money. As a result, they may not need to have part time jobs to supplement themselves. Furthermore, studying in Singapore is extremely competitive and students may not be able to afford the time to work part time while juggling studies. However, considering students of less able economic backgrounds; yes, as college students, some may argue that their schedules are more flexible. If planned well, students can find time to take on jobs to earn money so as to contribute to their family's income. Also, with part time jobs, students are exposed to the real world and can learn practical skills that may not be taught in college. In conclusion, to say whether it is important or not, depends on each student's circumstances. It is not possible to fit every college student into one mould. 

In this essay, college students will be defined as full time students studying in Singapore; this will narrow the scope of our discussion and will hence make for a more fruitful one. As students, participating in a job     be it part time or full time     will allow for exposure to the workforce. By taking on a job, students learn responsibilities and practical skills. They also are able to reap what they sow and see the fruit of their labour when their efforts result in the form of salaries at the end of the month. Perhaps, students will be able to appreciate more finely the importance of financial management and hence spend their money more wisely. Furthermore, by giving up some of their leisure time for work, students will also learn the importance of time management     since time is scarcer a commodity now. However, opponents of the argument that students should have part time jobs put forth the fact that students are indeed, students first. They should harvest their energies on studying and enjoying school instead of going headfirst into the workforce. Should they have spare time, they could spend it on extra curricular activities or project work. Personally, I feel that having a part time job is beneficial to students, as it brings about a head start into working life. Despite this, students should place more emphasis on their school work and life. 

A part time job is defined as a job outside the curriculum time of the college student. I agree that it is important for college students to have part time jobs. However, the supporting reasons are subjected to the assumption that the student can manage his academic demands before taking up a job. Having a part time job will allow a student to be more financially independent and learn to manage his finance, which is an essential skill to have. With the extensive expenditure of a college student, it would relief the burden off their parents or other sources of finance if they were able to find a part time job. Moreover, students can learn interpersonal skills through working, which would benefit them in their future career. Students can also benefit others through their work by providing part time work only when required by their employers, which is a cheaper and more efficient alternative for the employers. It would be a fruitful way of using his knowledge and spending his time. However, there is a limit to the job of a student as his primary aim is to ensure that he does well academic wise. He should not sacrifice his academic work for his part time job. 

It is not important for college students to have part time jobs. (Is "it is important for college students to have a part time job" grammatically suspect?) Many tout the advantages, or neccessity, of getting part time jobs while in college, for students need to learn the difficulty of earning their keep, or how to deal with workplace stresses and relationships, or how to become functional at a job in future. Students should get off their lazy arses and learn about the "Real world", one may say. Yet, by simply imploring students to take a part time job, more often than not, these students do not need them. Kids who need part time jobs just to pay their tuition or other life's neccessities will take part time work; kids who need to be told to get them, and how important they are to their personal development, really do not need to take these jobs. After all, the part time work offered to college students are often mind numbing, soul crushing work that adds very little except perhaps financially. Bussing, or waiting, or washing up and all these other menial work are simply jobs that are given to people who are unable to take up jobs elsewhere and need to pay the bills nonetheless. You learn very little except to feel bitter and tired. Kids who have the privilege to do without them should do without them. Instead, volunteer somewhere, or work at a craft, and really learn something. No one should feel it is important to take up part time work just to feel the burn. Feel the burn in your stomach to build yourself up to do something cool and life changing out of college instead. 

It is important for college students to have a part time job because they have higher spending's then when they are in secondary school. Not only that, parents are not able to support them for their high expenses like having more expensive food, going out more often, and buy more expensive clothes, etcetera. Since most college students will be working once they graduate, by getting a part time will give them some experience what working life is like. Many students who have not worked before and start working full time once they graduate they will have some trouble blending into the working life, plus they are working full time, meaning that their upper in charge will expect more from them compared to a part timer. Many a time students like to get out of the study life, maybe learn to drive or catch movies. And especially when they gets a boyfriend or girlfriend, they tend to spend even more. They need a lot of money and most parents would not give them too much allowance money. Hence the best solution is to work part time and enjoy what they earned. Working part time has no negative outcome because they can choose their working schedule so they can choose to work more or less. They also can experience what working life is like before working full time into the working industry. And the best part is that they can enjoy what they earned! 

In the context of Singapore, it is a good experience for college students to have a part time job, but it is not important   unless, the student happens to be from a lower income family with difficulties paying for school fees. Engaging in a part time job will give one more exposure of the industry. Students interested to pursue a career in a particular industry can hold a part time job in that particular industry to gain more experience and apply what he/she is learning in school to work. It can help the student figure out whether he/she really wants to pursue a career in that industry after graduation. However, in the context of Singapore, most universities degree makes internships compulsory. Students will be exposed to the industry during the academic life sooner or later. To have a part time job in the specific industry is therefore, not important. Yet, one's family and financial background needs to be considered. Not everyone can afford school fees and sometimes government subsidies are still not enough. For students from lower income family who might require to take a bank loan to pay for school fees, securing a part time job would be important, to help the family cope with living expenses. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job, because I believe that it is more efficient to concentrate on studies solely and upon completion of studies, get a proper and well paying job than to study and work at the same time. Firstly, college students' main job is to learn. This refers to gaining knowledge and skills that we assume to be useful and relevant to their work in future. Optimal learning can occur only if students pay attention and participate actively in class. Often, students holding part time jobs do not ample time for both work and study. As a result, they end up tired or lethargic in both. Since few can manage their time so well so as there is still ample time for study, it is more important for students to focus on studying, their main priority in college. If the reason for students working is to gain work experience so as to boost their resumes, I think it might be better if they join co curricular activities that can develop their interests and skills, or go on overseas exchange trips to broaden their perspectives and become more independent and adaptive adults. After all, quality is more important than quantity when it comes to resumes. Lastly, most students work for practical financial reasons to support themselves or help decrease their parents' financial burden. Although it seems like the right thing to do, it is ultimately unnecessary, unless they are extremely financially disadvantaged. The onus is thus upon the government to ensure that these students are entitled to studying without having to worry about money. 

It is important for college students to have part  time job because it allows college students to gain working experience prior to entering the real working society upon graduation. Depending on the nature of part time jobs, administrative jobs can expose students to certain commercial software including the SAP, and also to hone his proficiency in other software like the Microsoft excel which useful in data crunching. Jobs in the customer service industries can provide a very good platform to improve on individual's soft skills, including communication, inter personnel relations, crisis  handling, and also boosting individual's confidence in facing the public. Besides gaining experience and improving skills, it allows student to spend time wisely instead of lazing around at home during the holidays. It provides additional income for college students who may need to spend more due to the increased activities at that stage of life. On the national level as a whole, part time workers constitute to an important segment of the overall workforce. There are many situations where manpower is needed to cope with emergencies for example sudden surge of diners during Chinese New Year, or surge of tourists during the holidays. Other examples include temporal shortage of manpower due to resignation of staff and maternity leave. As such, college students can be capitalised to fill these manpower gaps to maintain the overall productivity of various industries. However, it is important not to neglect studies as a result of working. Proper time management is required as a pre requisite to part time working during school term. It is therefore encouraged to work during school holidays which can be as long as 3 months during the summer break. 

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time jobs college requires them to spend a lot of money on books, camps, and adventure stuffs hosted by the school. by having part time jobs, they can also increase their own allowance as they have the extra income by the part time job. students will then put less burden on their parents. results wise, i personally think that if the student puts effort in organizing his or her own time well, he or she would not have any problems dealing with the busy schedule of working and schooling at the same time. As college students have part time job, they will also realize that money is hard to earn and their parents are working very hard just to get them to go to school and pay the expensive school fees. The students will then realize that savings are very important in their lives and hence they will start to be more spendtrift. As they have a part time job they also learn to be more independent and they will learn new life skills that they can use in the future. With that, I conclude that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. 

During my summer vacation, I worked as a retail assistant selling clothes and branded goods. It was a difficult time for me as a part timer since I had to wake up early in the morning and worked till wee hours at night. However, the pay was meager and we had to put up with a boss that could not be bothered with our welfare. The staff was generally unhappy as well due to the massive workload we had. On top of that, we were dealing with customers that belonged to a bunch of rich ladies that were impatient and could not tolerate a single glitch during their shopping experience. Overall, work as a retail assistant was disastrous but a good learning experience since it reminded that me that I should never step in the retail industry upon graduation. Therefore, it is important that college students should have a part time job before entering the work force. This is because it allows them to have an exposure on what kind of industries they are suitable for upon graduation. In addition, it adds to their learning experience in terms of giving them an idea of how the working world is like before they graduate. As a business administration student, I am interested in specializing in human resource management. Therefore, during one of my part time jobs, I worked in a human resource management department and this increased my liking for the specialization as I realized that the work scope was in line with my passion and interests. Therefore, having a part time job would be good to determine what is suitable as your own career path. 

Given the increase in workload and commitment for college students, the question arises as to whether students should take up a part time job during their free time. While some students may have college scholarships and think that studies should be their priority given the workload that they are facing, I believe that having a part time job is important as it allows one to be able to gain the necessary work experience and earn money to support themselves through college. With students being more inclined towards academics, more college scholarships are being awarded each year. Students understand that studies should be their priority and given the workload that they are facing, in the form of Co Curricular Activities and other volunteering activities, taking a part time job is being seen as of decreased importance. However, even if students may be awarded college scholarships, I believe that the importance of a part time job should not be neglected. Students need to understand that even if a college degree is obtained, sufficient work experience is equally seen as important to obtain a good job. For example, attaining an accountant job also requires at least 2 years of related work experience. Even more so, for students who do not have scholarships, a part time job would be necessary for them to support themselves through college, in terms of paying for the necessary school fees and providing for their own daily expenditure without needing to add an extra burden on their parents. This inculcates independence and enables students to be able to appreciate their parents' efforts to educate them and support them all the way till where they are now. In conclusion, because of the reasons stated above, I believe it is important for college students to have a part time job. (292 words) 

A college student is someone who is undergoing tertiary education. This means that besides from the school fees that the college student and his family have to pay, there are still other expenses like stationary fees, clothes, textbooks and laptops. There will also be other expenses incurred when the student decided to join events like the Overseas Community Involvement Program (OCIP). Therefore, it is important that college students have a part time job. Having a part time job can also help the students to learn more about effective communication with other people. For example, if the student is working part time at Macdonalds, he will learn how to treat the customers with respect and how to carry out proper customer services. This will benefit the student if he was to work in the service sector after he has graduated. Working part time during school days will also help the student to gain an edge as compared to his counter parts during job interviews next time. Employers are more likely to hire people with prior working experiences rather than just a fresh graduate who knows nothing about the society and how to serve people. Part time jobs can help the students to learn how to be street smart and deal with issues like customers complain. However, having a part time job will means that the weekends and maybe weekdays of the student will be taken up. This will results in the student being unable to have time for himself and his friends, as well as to catch up on schoolwork. His studies will then be affected. 

There were numerous benefits for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, college students will be able to gain an extra source of income. This will help them financially. If the student came from a poor family background, this income will help to reduce the burden on the family. Thus this will enable them to become more independent financially. They will have a certain budget that they have to spend within. Thus they will have a clearer idea on how to handle money. Secondly, through the job experience, they will understand the hard work that has to be put in to earn the income. They will then be able to better appreciate what their family has provided them since young. Furthermore, this job experience will help to shape their character. They will be able to gain a different exposure to life; hard work reaps result. Lastly, having a part time job will enable them to enlarge their social circle. They will be able to make more friends other than students. The part time job will enable them to meet people from all walks of life. This will enable them to improve on their communication skills which will prove vital when they go out to work in the future. 

I believe that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are many benefits to having one. It not only acts as a source for extra pocket money but also helps students to better manage time. In addition, the student will be exposed to many new experiences that can only be achieved by working that particular job. For example, the student could get a job as a customer service officer and learn how to effectively deal with angry customers or discover their passion for this occupation. The latter would be extremely useful for college students who are unclear about their future career. Moreover, a part time job would be useful for college students as they build up networks or forge new friendships. For instance, working in an events job, where most of them consists of mainly students, allows for one to know more people from different backgrounds or schools. However, a college student should also take note not to over work and neglect their studies as being a student should be considered their full time job. Lastly, if college students feel that they are easily stress and are definitely not able to commit to both studies and working at the same time are better off without a part time job as well. 

It is important for college students to have a part time job as it will inculcate in them the value of balancing their time. This is a skill that will prove to be essential in the "real world" (as if the world students live in isn't real enough). In essence, what the "real world" refers to is the working world and its context. Learning to balance and organize one's time efficiently and smartly will be a skill that's much vaunted as we move along. However, as much as it may be important for college students to have a part time job, one must ensure that it doesn't adversely affect their results. At the point of time where they are studying, the priority of the student is to ensure they graduate with good grades while learning as much as they can in the process. If the job they hold, even if it is only part time, affects this intended outcome, then it is something that is not beneficial for the student. Instead it will only end up harming the student. Hence, while it might be important for college students to hold a part time job while they are studying, this must be done without affecting or impacting their studies in a bad way or it will only end up defeating the very purpose of the entire exercise in the first place. 

Personally, I do not think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The importance must be compared relative to something. Why is it important? Is it important because the student needs it to support himself and his family? Or is it important because the student needs to buy the upcoming Chanel bag? If it is the former, it will be considered important. Also, the student must also be able to make sure that he/she is able to deal with the amount of school work and have good time management before he/she decides to commit to a part time job. For example, I had a part time job when I was in NUS year 1. I realized that my grades actually suffered for the first semester because I was too preoccupied with my part time job. Although it was a job at a bookstore and I enjoyed working there and interacting with my colleagues, I had to make a decision to quit the job. It was a job that was important to me because I do not receive any allowances from my parents, hence I had to make money on my own in order to purchase school books, afford transportation and daily expenses. Fortunately, I was eligible to apply for bursaries so my life is much easier. I can't wait to graduate so I can get a full time job and support my family! 

I have never had a part time job in my life, but I have had a full time job after I completed my A level examinations last year. My full time job was in a private hospital in Singapore, and I had to assist the doctor and register patients coming into the clinic. I was based in the Women's Centre, and it as definitely an eye opening experience, especially when I was allowed to shadow the doctors in their consultation rooms. What fascinated me most were the pregnant ladies who came for their regular consultations with their gynaecologists. These women and their husbands seemed so happy looking at their unborn children using the ultrasound apparatus. Unknowingly, I felt happy for them too. However, the doctors had to be the bearer of bad news sometimes, such as telling the mothers that they had miscarried. This broke my heart, and my heart went out to the women who had to undergo such mental trauma. I saw many of them breaking down immediately, while there were others who tried to remain strong despite the pain they were feeling. Some of the doctors were very good at comforting their patients, while others were remained ignorant of their patients' feelings. Seeing such scenes almost on a daily basis inspired me even more to become a doctor. Since I was young, I have always wanted to be a paediatrician, but this full time job over 6 months has got me thinking about going into the O&G line, and be able to share the joys of giving birth with the new mothers. 

I do not think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Students' main responsibility is to study, and honestly, the academic load in college is not by any means light. Having a part time job will take time away from studying and might therefore adversely affect one's grades. I think that having a part time job would be important if the student really needs the income to support his daily needs. However, more often than not, students do not really need the money, but choose to have a part time job to support their extravagant lifestyles. It is therefore not a valid reason for students to have a part time job, since students can just better manage their finances. On the other hand, having a part time job would be beneficial as it provides students with working experience that one can't get from the books. Having said that, instead of having a part time job during the school semester, one can take up a job during school holiday, either part time or full time, so that it does not affect his academics. When done right, however, working part time during the semester can potentially train the student to better manage his time and commitments. In conclusion, working part time does bring some benefits to college students, but I do not think that it is important for them to do it. 

I agree to a large extent that it is important for college students to have a part time job. This is because a part time job will provide invaluable experience for college students to learn from. Personally, I have taken up several part time jobs in the Food & Beverage industry and it has helped mold my character. Through real life work experience, one is able to learn how to interact with others as well as practical skills. For me, I learnt about good customer service and how to effectively handle difficult customers. I can apply this experience in conflict management in school as well as other situations. Also, by earning a small salary, a college student will be able to finance him or herself to a certain extent. This will allow them to be more independent and learn how to control their finances. By having control over personal finances, the student will be able to plan better for his or her future. However, it is important the part time job does not interfere with the student's studies. This poses another learning point whereby a college student can learn to juggle a job and work at the same time. One will be able to learn how to prioritize his or her time. If one is able to have work study balance, it will be surely useful to take up a part time job. 

Part time jobs are work which has flexible hours with generally less commitment required as compared to full time jobs. As such, they are enticing to people who can only afford at most a few hours a day for work including housewives and retirees. College students are no different. To students, taking up part time jobs has many benefits. It enforces better time management skills and lessens the time available for students to idle, possibly lowering chances of delinquency. At the same time, earning extra money would aid in decreasing the financial burden on their families. Moreover, it imparts life experiences on the working life and also in handling various boss subordinate and colleague relationships. These experiences are enticing to prospective employers, encouraging better job prospects in future. However, there is a caveat in that part time jobs should not be taken up with the wrong intentions, for example, materialism. Also, if taking up part time job affects student's studies negatively, then it would not be advisable for part time jobs. Hence, it is no doubt important for college students to have part time jobs with the potential benefits, but ultimately, whether students should take up the jobs hinges on their own maturity to handle the responsibility that comes along with the jobs. 

I feel that college students should not get a part time job unless necessary. It is often argued that getting a part time job would not only allow one to support his oneself and earn some extra pocket money, but it would also provide other externalities such as teach one about time management and gain additional experience. Yet I feel these benefits far outweigh the costs. College students already have a very full plate with all their academic commitments. With the additional load of a part time job, students would have less time to do their revision. Even if they do manage to strike a balance, it is unlikely that he would have any time to pursue his own hobbies. In fact, in our Asian society, parents too would often argue that whatever free time available should be spent studying to improve one's grades, so as to position oneself better in the future. Instead, I feel if one were to advocate that students do more than study, they should instead be encouraged to enrol in extracurricular activities, perhaps in school. These activities, while not helping them financially, would instead be more beneficial as it would allow them to have a more holistic college life, as well as possibly providing access to social capital in school due to the additional contacts being made. Perhaps the only reason why they should get a side job would be if they households are facing financial difficulties and a job would therefore go some distance in alleviating the situation. Yet this argument has holes in it since scholarships and bursaries are widely available to cushion the financial burden of education. As such, I feel that college students should be just that, college students who are focused on their academic commitments rather than working part time. 

College students are also known as University Students in the context of Asia. Due to certain societal cultures, these students may live alone or they may still live with their parents. Paying school fees is a huge worry for both college students and their family as a lack of money to afford these hefty fees could hinder advancement in education for the students. To finance this, some students opt to take a bank loan or they may choose to find a part time job to pay the fees. Depending on the financial situation of the student, the way he copes with this burden is different. Therefore, it is not important for students to have a part time job. For students who have the ability to afford university education, such as those born with a silver spoon, definitely university fees are not much of a big deal. For example, film director Eric Khoo who was born into one of the richest families in Singapore, probably did not have a problem affording university in the United Kingdom and further education. Also, part time jobs may be additional stress to students. Students in university level are piled with projects and assignments with tons of deadlines to meet and having part time jobs eats away time that could have been spent revising and completing their homework. To juggle with the demands, students end up sacrificing sleep. Constant sleep deprivation may affect performance and health of the student. In this viscous cycle, students who fail to cope may end up dropping out of competitive society in university. Therefore, students should only take up part time jobs if they really cannot afford to pay their school fees and material wants or if they are able to cope with both the demands of working and homework. (294 words) 

I think I should have a part time job. By the way, I am a college student, so this essay is on topic. Just in case you are wondering. This is important to me because I can get money. Money is generally important to a person because with money you can buy many good things, like food, clothes, houses, can go on holidays, and most importantly can find a wife. With a part time job, you can get experience in the working life, which is always important because experience is important in finding future part time jobs. This is circular logic. And therefore it is illogical. I realise that I just made a grammatical error there as I started a sentence with the word and. "And" cannot be used to start a sentence unless the sentence starts like this one, where and is not used in its usual sense. The correct use of the word "and" is used this way, in that part time job and jobs are both types of work. That is a correct use of the word. When I grow up, I want to get a part time job as a English tutor so that I can teach young kids grammar such as whatever I wrote above. I hope this essay is humourous and that you laugh. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The main priority of college students should be to study and study well, and having a part time job might impede that priority. College students should maximize the school time to gain knowledge in order to excel in their studies and have the knowledge on hand to be applied when they work, make friends and network, and take part in activities to hone their leadership skills and teamwork capabilities. However, having said that, it is important for college students to have internships or vacation jobs experiences so that they can have a feel of the working environment before they graduate, and can assimilate more easily into the corporate world. Part time job, vacation job, or internship helps college students to better understand and appreciate the value of money. For those students who can manage their time properly, having a part time job during the school term is a good learning experience for them as well. I personally do not hold part time job during the school term so that I can focus on my studies, spend time with friends, and engage in activities. But I do take the vacation to hold full time job or internship to gain experience and contribute to the financials of my family. 

Going to college ushers in a new phase of life for the teenager or young adult. For many, college is a time for exploration and adventure, and a time for learning and growth. With it, one is offered new and more varied choices. Taking up a part time job is just one of the many options that one could choose from, and in my opinion, is not important in the life of a college student. Of course, there are many advantages of having a part time job     for example, monetary incentives, opportunity to learn useful skills, and a simulation of the working world. However, there are many other activities that one could get involved in that offer similar benefits, and would allow one to enjoy a fulfilling college life. These include, but are not limited to, co curricular activities, volunteering programmes, and innovative opportunities to break new ground and make change. Given that most college students will end up working for the next forty years after graduation, there is no harm in indulging in enriching, non work activities during the college years. Unless one really requires the extra source of income, I suggest that it is not really crucial for college students to have a part time job. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job because of one main reason     the lack of time. Firstly, as a college student, there are various events both in and out of the school in which the student can participate in. For instance, there are inter faculty games, ambassadors for incoming exchange students and special visitors from other countries, and other organisational and co curricular activities. Taking up a part time job would inevitably imply less time for these, which in my opinion, is a crucial part in the student life. Furthermore, future employers will more likely look at the student's leadership posts and other achievements in non academic events, rather than to look at a part time job experience at perhaps McDonald's, Cheers, or some other uneventful job. Next, as a college student, and especially in the competitive environment in Singapore, it is vital for students to achieve good grades. Furthermore, some companies explicitly state that only those with at least a 2nd upper Honours need apply for their job vacancies. As a result, the loss of good grades will affect the student's job prospects and career options. Thus, time is precious to students, and for some, simply focusing on academic progress would already take up almost all his/her time. However, in some cases, such as poor financial background, the student might opt for a part time job to reduce the financial burden on his/her family. Although this is commendable, I feel that this would affect his/her future income, and it is a trade off between reduced current financial burden and reduced future financial burden. Thus, I strongly believe that it is not important for college students to have a part time job. 

I disagree with the statement. As students, our main priority should be on studying. Taking up a part time job could adversely affect our school work. A part time job would mean lesser time to study. Not forgetting that students would also have lesser time to sleep, having a part time job would also weaken the cognitive ability of the brain, further affecting our concentration in school and hence possibly taking a toll on our results. In addition, our bodies would be strained with the additional workload. School on its own is already a large burden, committing to a part time job would further add to this burden with regards to lesser sleeping time and recreational time. Despite my argument against college students having a part time job, I feel that there are some exceptions. For instance, there are clearly students among us who find their course load easy to cope with and are looking for more challenges out of school to test their practical understanding of their classroom knowledge. In such a case and provided that the job in question would have some practical usage for the student's future career path, I would agree that the student should go for the job. Of course, the student should ensure that his/her school work would be in no way affected by this additional commitment. 

Stereotypically, the identity of college students is usually separate from that of a job holder. Yet, in today's increasingly multi faceted society, the distinction between the two identities have gradually blurred. While it is not uncommon these days for college students to simultaneously hold jobs, and vice versa, it does not necessarily equate to importance. If that had been the case, almost all college students, being of supposedly higher intellectual abilities, would be holding part time jobs. Nevertheless, it can be somewhat considered important depending on individuals' needs, and those holding a part time job do it for many reasons. Some do it for the money. Not every student has the intellectual capability to be offered scholarships or the financial capacity to pay for college fees and still be able to provide for their daily needs. Therefore, a part time job will help bridge this gap and it may be essential to this group. Others do it for the experience. In Singapore's highly competitive environment, many college students feel that by taking on part time jobs, they have an added advantage of understanding the corporate world better or even have an extra edge in their curriculum vitae. However, it is more of an optional choice rather than necessity. 

Personally I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The reason behind is because college students are mature enough to earn their own pocket money for their own expenses. By earning this tiny little bit of pocket money, it is able to lessen the burden of the parents or they might get things that they like on their own without depending on their parents. Besides being able to get something that they like by themselves, they are also able to gain experience. Experience is something that is a value added element to a fresh graduate! Academically good is a very normal phenomenal in this century, when you walk down the road 9 out of 10 are graduated from university. So what's the thing that can make you outstanding from the rest? "Experience" is the key to differentiate you from the others! With "Experience" you are able to do things more efficiently and faster compared to those who are new and they need time to pick up certain skills or knowledge about the job. Experience also help you in making important decision in your life as these tiny little experience you gather it might be able to make a very big different in your life. 

 I disagree with this point. It is not really important to have a part time job. It depends on individual. Some people are financially weak and therefore they need to work to earn money as their daily allowances. Many things need money such as paying school fees, buying food all these and many others. Due to high cost of living, everything needs money. Money is one of the important factors to survive and therefore college students work to earn money. One of my friends works part time at Macdonald after school at night and during weekends as well. Some students whose family financially good and able to them therefore there isn't any necessary to work to earn money. And sometimes working as a part time worker may not be a good idea because working can take up a lot of time. With that, there will be lesser time to study and do your own things. Academic grades could drop if the working students do not manage their time wisely and effectively. Lack of sleeps will result in productive learning in class as students would be sleeping in class instead of paying attention in class. In conclusion, it is not important for college students to work. 

I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I feel that while it is not important for students to have a part time job, having one is beneficial. The main aim a college student has is to study well. He should cherish the opportunity given to him to gain new knowledge and spend the precious few years learning as much as he can before entering the workforce. Having a part time job will drain the student of his time and energy which may affect his studies at school. The student may not have enough time to study for exams due to his work schedule. Worse, he may be too tired from work to be able to concentrate in school. In addition, work related problems may affect his concentration in school. These problems, as a result of having a part time job, will affect the student's performance in school which defeats the aim of having an education. On the other hand, a part time job may be beneficial to the student. Having one allows him to know the hardships of earning money and appreciate the care given to us by our parents. This may teach him to spend money wisely and treasure the roof over our heads, the food we have and the extra comfort items we can afford to buy. 

I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, the college students should have spent more time and concentrate on what they should be doing right now which is studying. College students might get too distracted when they are engaged into a part time job as they need to spend some of their time doing work and result in lesser time in doing their assignments, projects and tutorials. This is undesirable as they are not fulfilling their job as a student. Furthermore, some students might feel tired after working and the next day morning they might not have the energy to attend lectures and tutorials. Some might even use their part time job as an excuse to skip classes if they don't want to go school. However, college students can gain working experiences from part time job and this cannot be learned from studies. Some students might even apply what they had learned in school to their part time job. And this allows students to experience what exactly they had learned and put in to real use. Hence, college students getting a part time job is not important however, there are benefits of it to be considered. 

Part time jobs are indeed the best learning experience before one enters the workforce. It is the time where one is often forgiven for mistakes made and given the opportunity to learn from them. One will also be given much guidance throughout their work, which is rather unheard of when one really enters the workforce. These varied expectations create a rare opportunity for part timers to gain essential skills as well as hone their interpersonal skills amongst many other soft skills. It is also the perfect opportunity for one to expand one's network and get to know many people in the field which can be essential in their job searches in the future. These connections are exceptionally important, be it for job recommendations, or even to the basic level of receiving advice from former colleagues and superiors. On another note, part time jobs also give part timers firsthand experience to decide if an industry or a job is suitable for them and that they truly enjoy what they are doing. After all, it would be torturous to have a job where one dreads going to work every day and only looks forward to weekends and knock off hours. Hence, I strongly urge everyone, be it students or people who wish to change careers to take on part time jobs. 

A college student may take on part time jobs for different reasons and generally, I do not think that it is good, but not important for college students to have a part time job. For some of my peers who come from more economically disadvantaged backgrounds and who are not on scholarships, they most often will choose to take on part time jobs while in college to support themselves. For others, they may want to take on part time jobs to supplement their incomes even though they can get by comfortably without it. For another group of students, taking on a part time job during college, or during the summer break, is a good way to gather work experience and explore their interests. This stint will help them tremendously in their career planning and it is in this context I believe college students should take on part time jobs, albeit not during the normal semester time as this might have an adverse impact on their studies. Having said all that, the nature of the part time job is also an important consideration to take into account when debating if taking on part time jobs is important for college students. It would certainly be a waste of talent and time if a college student were to take on jobs like waitressing, but would definitely be extremely helpful if he or she were to take on a banking job and the like where they can apply what they have learnt in college and value add to the organization. While taking on a part time job during the holidays is desirable, I also believe strongly that students can gain relevant soft skills and experience which will help them in their future careers by taking up leadership roles in the various co curricular activities offered in college. 

Yes, it is important for college students to have part time jobs as extra income would be beneficial for the student as part of allowance or payment of school fees. In addition, at college, it is good that the student learns to become more independent and start to step out into the society to have a feel of what it is like to work in the society in future. Besides, the timetables of college students are planned and organised by them and they are able to plan and manage when they have the capacity and time to work. Also, college students have a long break before the start of each academic year, such a time would be wise to work and get extra income. However, if the student requires more attention at school, it is best that the student focuses at college as after all, the completion of a college degree holds an even higher importance than the part time job. Also, if the college student is well to do and does not require extra income or allowance, he or she may choose not to do it. In addition, using the free time that they have at work, he or she may not be able to have their social interaction time with their family and friends which could be detrimental as family and contacts are both important. Then again, I still believe that having a part time job is a good idea as there is no harm in acquiring more experience in life. 

 Taking up a part time job is more than merely about earning money. It is also about being accountable for one's expenses and managing one's finances properly. Moreover, having a part time job prepares them for their work life in the future. Therefore, in my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job. One can assert that having a part time job is not important for college students who come from a rich family. Their parents give their children an allowance that can last for some time. When this amount runs out, these college students could tactfully convince their parents to give them more money. As a result, these college students would naturally regard and rely on their parents as a stable financial source for their daily expenses. Hence, there seems to be real need of this group of college students to take up a part time job. Nevertheless, excessive reliance on their parents for money could be a real call for concern as it is difficult for them to appreciate how one can and why one needs to manage one's finances properly. When a college student decides to take up a part time job, one would find a job that can cover his monthly expenses. Furthermore, one would most likely consider saving an amount for emergency or future use. All these considerations that are taken into account when finding a part time job are exactly the ingredients of managing finances in a sensible manner. Hence, these college students take charge their own finances and thus it is important for college students to have a part time job. Clearly, besides the monetary aspects of a part time job, college students could also take away precious life lessons while being accountable for their own finances. Hence, in my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job. 

I do not agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job as it should be an option for these students to take up any. It is undeniable that taking up a part time job could bring a range of benefits, yet it is not important, like any priority, for college students to have one. For instance, in light of the rising tuition fees that students have to afford for continuing education, having a part time job provides a source of income that could help relieve financial difficulties. Furthermore, it could also expose one to the working society and gain some working experience prior to a permanent career. If one commits to his part time work long enough, he or she may even include it in his or her resume records, which could put him at an advantage in searching for a permanent career in the future. On the other hand, a part time job could mean a hindrance to academic study instead. With an additional commitment to a part time job, less time would be dedicated to academic work, which may likely be translated into poorer academic grades. Hence it would not be advisable for students who are unable to balance academic and part time work to take up a temporary job. Nevertheless, if a student is able to manage his time well for his different priorities, then there is no harm for the student to take up a part time job. In conclusion, a part time job has its pros and cons. It can be advantageous to have one, but it is not important and necessary to have one. 

Yes, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. These part time jobs could include giving tuitions, working at food and beverages outlets or working in an office as an admin worker. College students may choose to have a part time job during holidays or even during school term. There are many advantages in having a part time job when the students are in college the following paragraphs we discuss on these benefits further. The first benefit would be work experiences for these young students who will be joining the work force in three to five years' time. The work experiences would be very valuable for them when they start working. The working experiences will help grow their ability to work as a team member and to be able to communicate well with others. They would also be able to learn life skills that would help them not only in their work but also in their relationship with friends and family. The second benefit would be that the student would have a stable income. This income could help to take off some burden on their family. The students would also learn to manage their own money which would be an important life skill to have. In conclusion I feel that it is very important for students to have a part time job during their college days. It would help them greatly in life and their work in the future. 

Having a part time job is definitely not important, albeit useful, for college students. College life is not quite like what it used to be in the past, when it marked a period of serious learning and fun. However, in today's context, college life appears to be a lot more hectic and less fun. Since most students hope to acquire a "good"job after graduating from college, it seems only prudent that they devote their attention solely to their studies and leave money matters to a later date. This way, they would (supposedly) be able to better focus on their studies and get the desired grades. Yet I opine that having a part time job would be useful for college students. The things taught in school are ultimately ideas and theories. It is perhaps only in the working society that students would be able to really put their knowledge into good use. In addition, the working environment provides opportunities for them to learn things beyond what is taught in school. Cliche as this statement sounds, I believe it holds true, given that I am working part time whilst attending college as I am writing this essay. Work also allows students to not think about school and academic matters all the time, and offers an avenue for both money making and stress relief (depending on the job, though). 

College students are often seen having part time jobs aside from their academic commitments, but mostly because they need the extra pocket money. These teenagers are often in transition to their early adulthood and would have a more acute awareness of their finances, coupled with a high spending propensity on needs and wants. However, there are other part time jobs college students could hold for non financial gratification. Thus, on this level, it is important for college students to have part time jobs to support themselves and also for experience. Most importantly, it could be a headstart to their working life upon graduation, should they invest their time and effort in a job they are passionate in. However, they must not allow their primary role as a student to be relegated due to this new commitment. The importance of college students having part time jobs is made striking when they realise the working society differs from their school life by a huge measure. Often, their first foray into the economic realm is both exciting and daunting, depending on their choice of work. Should there be significant and substantial learning points in their course of work, these students would have added value to their college lives and also, advantageously illuminated their resume with their newly created wealth of experience. 

What does part time job means to you? While to me, it means earning extra cash on top of my daily allowance from parents, to support my heavy shopping habits. I believed to most Singapore teenager age ranging from 15 to 19 years old, it means the same to them. However, on the minority side, some who are less fortunate than most of us actually see it as an important part of their life. To them, it means daily meals, school fees, and basic necessities, which may not seem to be a problem in our life nor does it even, came across our mind not until I experienced/ see it myself. 2 years ago, I had the chance to meet and interact with people that took up several part time jobs a day to make meet ends through my voluntary work. I took quite sometimes to actually believe what I had seen and heard from them, I always thought that such scenario only appear on television/dramas (this is how ignorant I am in the past) but they do exist in a small corner of Singapore, ignored and forgotten by us. There is actually a deep meaning behind part time job that we had over see. Thus, such experiences make me appreciate more the money I earned from my part time jobs. 

I do not agree that is it important for college students to have a part time job. This question somehow implies that it is necessary for university students to obtain a part time job. Firstly, I would like to point out that this question is rather subjective and perspectives may differ upon context. For college students, getting a part time job is a great way to supplement allowances and gain working experiences during term breaks. However, a student should not feel pressurized to get a job if they have other activities that they would like to pursue within or outside college. For instance, students may find more personal fulfillment in joining student committees or participating in social work and see that as a better use of their student life as compared to getting a part time job. That said, there are also students who work in school as a part timer to coordinate ad hoc events for the faculty. While it is self explanatory that students experiencing financial constraints would find it important to secure a part time job during school time such as providing tuition services; or working during the term breaks, it is noteworthy that college faculties do provide financial aid for students to alleviate their financial difficulties. As a college student, I believe the time we have in college is extremely short. Personally, I believe in doing activities that encourage self discovery and personal development. If a student finds fulfillment in his or her part time job, there is no reason why reason he or she should not invest his or her time in working outside of school. 

It is of utmost importance for college students to hold part time jobs since it is advantageous for both the student and their family in various aspects. The student would be able to pick up precious values and skills like tolerance, patience, responsibility, working in a team, reaching to compromises etc and hence, gain experiences that are outside of the classroom. Other than picking up valuable skills, students would be able to experience the hardships of trying to earn an income of their own, rather than relying on their parents for monthly expenses. Also, they could use a portion of their earnings to fund their college fees and their daily expenses so as to reduce their parents' financial burden as well. Additionally, students are able to pick up prior work experience if they do not have much exposure in the job market. They would learn and understand the skills of the trade and would be capable of applying them in their future careers. Trying to juggle both college (which includes academics and extra curricular activities) and a part time job isn't an easy feat as it requires extensive and careful management of one's own schedule. Thus, by attempting to balance one's work and academics, the student could prepare himself for the demands of his future career when he balances his full time job and social life. 

I agree that college students should have a part time job. Firstly, college should venture out into the workforce to gain some work experience. The events in the school compound differ from those in the workforce. Hence, it is important for the college students to pick up necessary skills to prepare them for the future. For those working in the frontline areas such as promoting items or the service counter, we learn to interact with customers and pick up effective relation skills. Moreover, for those working in the backroom, we are able to see how a company functions and also are given opportunities to participate in some project tasks. Secondly, taking a part time job translates to more income for the college students. We realise that money is hard earned and hence learn to save up for rainy days and spend our money wisely. Not only that, the college students realise that there is no free lunch and so they are motivated to work harder in their studies. It can also act as extra finance if the college students want to further their studies in the future. Thus, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. 

College. That wonderful period of your life bridging the increased freedoms of adulthood with the energy and ignorance of teenagehood. This is the time for exploration and self discovery with ones' newly found independence without the crippling responsibilities that adulthood entails. A part time job could very well provide such an opportunity for self discovery and independence and should be encouraged for all. A part time job prepares one for the rigours and grind of daily working life. One of the greatest prices of adulthood is the need to do things which you do not necessarily want to do. A part time job prepares one for this, especially since the normal college life generally does not sufficiently emphasize the consequences of ones' actions. While one can skip lessons with impunity, the same could not be said for work commitments. The entry level work that part time jobs often entail also help to ensure that students remain grounded even after they begin working, never forgetting those who are less fortunate than they are. Furthermore, a part time job also allows one to take responsibility for ones' own spending. This allows students to understand the value of money better and to be able to better prepare themselves for the vicissitudes of adult life. 

I agree to a certain extent that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I believe that it is an invaluable experience to have a part time job as it provides good exposure to the student. Being able to earn one's keep allows one to understand the true value of money. Furthermore, students will learn to be independent. In addition, being a student means having the flexibility to experiment with different jobs and to have fun while working. Thus, I believe that it is good for students to have a part time job before they start working, i. e. graduate. However, a student's primary objective is to study and studies should be prioritized over all else. Having a part time job might affect one's studies should the commitment be too heavy. This distraction could pose negative consequences on one's results if his or her schedule is not properly managed as not all people possess good time management skills. Hence, I argue that college students should have a part time job only during the holidays when they do not have deadlines, projects or exams to study for. If even the holidays are filled with commitments, then perhaps they should wait till these commitments are over. 

College is a time before one goes out to work. It is also a time between youth and adulthood. Often, this would mean a time that one is exploring one's identity as well as learning to be independent. As a result, in college, it is not uncommon to find someone taking up a part time job. Why then is it important for someone to take on a part time job? Firstly, it trains up independence. Without a part time job, it would be reasonable to assume that one would be still living off the allowance given by one's parents. At this age, students are often around the age of 21 which constitutes adulthood in most societies. With adulthood come the expectations of being more mature and being able to provide for oneself. However, college is also a time when people are generally busy and training up to take on a better future job. It would be reasonable to assume that if a part time job takes up too much time, then one should not take it up as it would be not beneficial if one gets a lower grade and subsequently a lower paying job in future. Yet at the same time it is important to realize that most students take on at least a part time job taking tuition and seem to be able to cope well with it. With some level of time management, it is very possible for one to sacrifice some free time to go about the part time job and remain independent. 

 I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It provides them with opportunities to venture into society and acquire life skills which can only be picked up from experience. For example, we see college students working as frontline part time salespersons attending to customers when they need help. Through this, they learn to communicate with their customers. When they meet with different situations, such as difficult customers, they learn to deal with it effectively too. These skills will be crucial when they enter the workforce in the future. Not only that, some college students find that their parents are not giving them enough allowance and so, I feel that the best way for them to finance themselves will be to have a part time job. Rather than asking their parents for more cash, it will be more appropriate for them to take up a part time job to earn money. This way, they will become independent persons and learn to treasure what they have. In essence, it is important for college students to have a part time job. However, I feel that it is also necessary for them to be able to multitask and be responsible for their own studies too. 

 Recently, we see many college students taking up part time jobs after school or during holidays. They work at common places like fast food restaurants or help out at shops to promote items. Is it necessary for these students to have a part time job while they are still in school? In my point of view, I agree that it is important for college students to take up such roles. It enables them to understand and experience how work life is like. When we apply for jobs in the future, it may contribute to our resumes because we will need to indicate our work experiences prior to applying for the current job. Moreover, the government has been strongly promoting the middle aged people to undergo training to upgrade them. Hence, college students can take this opportunity to learn and gain experiences before they step into the working society. Hopefully, by acquiring these skills, it will be an advantage to them. Furthermore, some college students shy away from others in school. They do not dare to speak up and remain quiet. By taking up a part time job and through interactions with people, it builds their relations with others and boosts their self confidence. 

Nowadays, it is becoming more and more common to see college students taking up part time jobs while juggling with their school work and other activities. Recently, several fast food restaurants like McDonalds have also posted job offers to students. Why is this trend becoming more prevalent in society and is it important for college students to have a part time job? Personally, I agree that it is essential for college students to have a part time job some time in their schooling life. Firstly, it provides them with an experience before they step into the working society after graduate. By participating in such jobs, they are able to gain insights to the working world and can pick up skills which will be applicable in the future. Furthermore, they can expect what future jobs may be like and hence, may motivate them to study harder and achieve better. Secondly, it teaches them proper time management. By taking up a part time job, they will learn to prioritize their events and thus learn to be responsible and independent individuals. These moral values cannot be learnt from textbooks, but experienced from work and interactions. Hence, college students are able to benefit if they were to take up a part time job. 

In my opinion, it is very important to get a part time job for college students. There are several reasons as to why I agree to that statement Firstly, a student having a part time job while schooling gives the student an opportunity to learn how to handle multiple things at the same time. This is an essential skill which is very useful in the future when he graduates. Secondly, that student can earn extra income by himself. This will enable the student to learn to manage his own finances. He will start to think about his daily expenses and how he should spend them wisely. Thirdly, he can learn how the outside world operates; school is actually a protected environment. In order not to receive such a rude shock when coming out of the shell, students are best to undergo part time job or internships. Of course, the opposition would argue that the student might not be able to handle such stress at a young age, and may affect his studies during the part time job employment. Hence the saying goes, it is never too early or too late to start learning something new. One should always be prepared with the future. 

Personally, I find it important for students to have part time job. This is because the lessons learnt when working which are not taught under school curriculum. In addition to earning more money that can act as a valuable source of income to fund their hefty school fees so as to lessen the families' financial burden, they get to learn life long skills. For instance, in schools, the students are only taught theories and less of applications. Hence they do not understand how to apply all these theories to real life. This is contradictory given that the aim of schooling should be to equip students with the necessary skills to enter workface after graduation. Thus it is only during working that students gain exposure to the real world and apply all these theories. Upon application, they can understand the mechanisms of the real world, thereby enhancing their learning skills. This brings learning to a whole new level. Apart from this, students also get to build up their interpersonal relations. This is vital because upon graduation, students will need to work with other people in the company. Having good interpersonal relations will enable them to cooperate and work efficiently with others, not only benefitting the company, but also enhance the image of them being portrayed to others. In all, it is important for college students to have a job because it teaches them real life working skills which cannot be taught under the school curriculum. It complements nicely with the school curriculum by enhancing learning so that students can understand how all these theories fit into place in the real world, bringing learning to a whole new level. 

I define "college" as students studying in junior colleges, whereby "part time job" as a job taken up during the period of studying. In my opinion, I feel that it is rather important for these students to have a part time job. This is because they should try to gain as much work experiences as they could. As they are exposed to more opportunities outside the world, other than having pure working experiences, they can also gain other knowledge such as ways to handle various kinds of people. This is the main thing college students lack of, as compared to polytechnic or Institute of Technical Education (ITE) students. In junior colleges, they are protected in a "shell"; all they have to do is to study textbooks related stuffs, which is somewhat useless to them in the future. They lack compulsory job attachments during school holidays. In fact, working life is far from the contents they study. Hence, when junior college students enter universities, the rest of the people out street smart them in terms of Emotional Quotient (EQ). In addition, having a part time job allowed them to earn extra income, moving them a step closer to independence. However, life in junior colleges is extremely tough; handling Co curriculum Activities (CCAs) in addition to the endless work load is stressful enough. It is nearly impossible to cope with additional stress from a part time job. Also, they may not be able to focus in school and during work, thus not showing enough efforts in both aspects. Worst of all, their studies and health may also be affected. In conclusion, if the curriculum hours in school were to be shorter, I would suggest students to have a part time job in college as it helped to groom them in the long run. 

Having a part time job assists students to pick up on life skills and supplement their personal income. For example, working as a part time waiter or waitress allows them to understand the value of patience. This is because the people working in the service sector has to be patient when they are dealing with the customers. When they work at the restaurant, they will be able to earn more money to supplement their personal income. In addition, having a part time job teaches students not to spend money in a frivolous manner. When they work as a waiter or waitress, they have to spend a long amount of time standing on their feet. It is very tiring and this may teach them to spend money wisely as they understand that earning money is not an easy task. Thus, it is vital for students to have a part time job. On the other hand, having a part time job can also lead to less time for students to spend on their studies. This is because they will spend the time to work and earn money rather than spending on studying. Due to work, they may get too tired to concentrate in class. In addition, students may also think that earning their own income entitles them to spend more on unnecessary stuff. Thus, I argued that it is not important for students to get a part time job unless their parents are unable to support them. This is because values of being thrifty and patience can also be inculcated in other ways besides having a part time job. 

There had been many initiatives spearheaded by various colleges to encourage their students to take on part time jobs, and these initiatives highlight an important message, that it is important for college students to have a part time job. In this essay, I will be specifically using National University of Singapore (NUS) as the main college of study. Firstly, it is imperative to note that when students reach university level, they are treated as being responsible adults and thus it would seem ironic if they are still receiving pocket money from their parents. Hence, I argue that college students, as responsible adults, should take on a part time job in order to finance their personal spending. In addition, when college students take on part time job, they learn how to manage their time more effectively and that these part time jobs allow them to learn certain skills that might be helpful for them in their future job search. In particular, work culture and school culture differs to a large extent, whereby in schools, students are age segregated and students learn to work with people of similar backgrounds and age. In contrast, students are expected to mingle with people of diverse backgrounds and age in the workplace, hence this highlights another important positive element of having college students to take on part time jobs. In conclusion, I have argued that it is important for college students to have a part time job due to two main reasons, in order to finance their personal spending with their own efforts and also enhancing themselves with respect to certain skill sets. 

As college students, our primary role is to complete our course in the institution, for purpose of education and for purpose of the certificate. These are essential for us to move on to the later stage of life which entails living and working. If we consider our ultimate goal from college to be to get the qualifications for a future job, there are two perspectives to explore the questions. One, we have to excel in what we do and be focused in our role of learning, so that we can get the qualifications required and know it well. That is to say, we should not have a part time job while studying for it might distract us from our goal. However, on the other hand, having a part time job would give us work experience and this is something that are not taught in the textbooks or lectures. Hence, the part time job is as essential as the learnings from class in preparing us for our goal. Of course, there are no hard and fast rules about the question, and surely there are its pros and cons. If a student has excellent time management, and a part time job would be beneficial to him, why not? If he is cash strapped and has to hold a part time job to finance his study, it is also reasonable to have the part time job. For some students, they may not have the need to do part time jobs, because they put other priorities like sports, or school commitments and if their family financial ability allows, it might be better to spend their time on other activities, because the benefits they derive might be more than what they get from working. Hence it varies across individuals and it depends on their needs and wants. 

In the 21st century, modern parents are always spoiling their kids and even as they grow older, they will always be a kid from their parent's point of view. I certainly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. As we are older, we should learn to be more independent and not too often rely on our parents for money nor protection. It is all part and puzzle of growing up that we will have to work sooner or later, thus why not get an experience out of it earlier? There is this phrase whereby "not everything can be learnt in the classroom", hence to learn more things, one should experience it themselves and therefore, working part time job might not be a bad idea after all. Furthermore, college students should learn how to manage their time, stress, studies and work well to be a better manager of themselves. This will encourage them to be young adults and taking up responsible and not running away from hardship so they will be well groomed in the future and not being afraid of hardship and also better understanding of their parents slogging out for their child's future. In conclusion, I agree to the statement. 

Taking up part time jobs seem to be a norm for many college students, and it seems to be widely encouraged by the older generation. They seem to believe that it promotes a sense of maturity, venturing out into the working world, and an indication of the beginning financial independence, given that they are finally earning their keep. But I do not believe that it's imperative for college students to have a part time job, but it's dependent on the unique circumstance of each individual. For starters, the basic responsibility of a student would be to study. That's the fundamental requirement that the college student attending classes would be expected to fulfill, to keep up with school work, diligently finish assignments promptly, and better yet, read ahead of lessons. This duty might be compromised with the introduction of a part time job, given the task of juggling between both school work and job requirements. The college student would probably not have enough time to produce the same quality work as he could have, if he were not working. Already compromising his education, performance at his part time job would also be lower than expected, as there would be minimal amounts of rest time available for the student to rest. On the flip side, there are students who require the financial assistance to tide through college and tuition fees, to fund their education. These individuals usually come from not so well to do backgrounds, have no option but to take on the additional part time jobs to supplement their family income and try to reduce the impact of costs of college education has on their family finances. 

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job because it provides them with the relevant working experience they would need when they start working in the future. College students would be able to gain working experience and skills which are things that school is unable to teach them. Also, with the lack of experience, students are more likely to engage to part time job which start from lower levels. I feel that it is essential to start from the lower levels as this allows students to understand what are some of the problems faced as the lower levels when these students move up higher levels in the future. Part time job allows students to interact with more people of different background and ages, the people that these students usually interact with are probably their family members and their friends. By taking up a part time job, they get to interact with the supervisor, co workers as well as customers who probably come from all works of life. Personally, after college, I took up several part time jobs and I interacted with people of different ages and backgrounds. What I learnt was that everyone has a story to share and it is always interesting to learn something new because these people are able to provide you with an additional opinion which you may need when making decisions in the future. Part time jobs allow students to step out of their comfort zone because there is really much to learn out there. In this modern day and age, many students are definitely more privileged than students in the past and hence they may not be able to be as empathetic. Thus, it is important for college students to have a part time job because there is much to learn. 

I agree with this statement in that these college students can benefit tremendously from their working experience in the part time jobs. One direct benefit would be a better resume that would be more appealing to their prospective employers and hence heightening their chances of landing a job ultimately upon graduation. Also, it has also been increasingly recognised that one requires one than just academic excellence to survive the stiff competition in the job market, and having some working experience would surely set one apart from the competitors. Similarly, the experience and soft skills that one can get from these jobs first hand is not something that they can easily acquire in a classroom setting. All these benefits that one can get from a part time job all the more explains why having more working experience should be encouraged among these college students. Despite all these undisputable advantages and learning experiences one can gain from his or her part time job, I believe that we should ultimately leave it to the individuals to decide for themselves. For instance, if one is not as confident in multi tasking, he or she might prefer to have a part time job only in the vacation period so as to not jeopardise his or her studies. Similarly, a student who excels in time management could possibly afford to work part time during the semester. 

I agree with the view that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, I feel that while education does provide individuals with skills and knowledge of different theories, it is more important to get hands on experience through part time jobs. Part time jobs expose students to the world of employment, without the necessary commitment and responsibility needed, as compared to full time jobs. Secondly, while part time jobs may cause the students to feel very tired due to the division of time for work and studies, it serves as a constant reminder of the real world in a students' world of books and studies. Thirdly, part time jobs allow college students to earn their own share of allowance. College students are typically between the age of 19 24 and that is the age for the coming of independence, thus emphasizing the importance for them to take up part time jobs and learning to be economically self sufficient. However, some may argue against a part time job, alleging that college life is meant to be the final stage of academia and hence financial freedom before one steps into the real world and that a part time job would not only restrict their personal life but infringe on the full experience of a college life. In view of this, I feel that as long as one can efficiently mange his or her time, a part time jobs would not be a problem to the college life, and can even serve to bring the individual many different channels of benefit. 

It is important for college students to hold a part time job as the extra income can supplement the high tuition fees students have to pay. While some may lament that part time jobs take up valuable study time, these job experiences can benefit and enrich students' learning in other ways. Students can learn life skills such as management, communication and people skills while as well as get a sense of the working environment and life. Working broadens students' social circle and provides important networking opportunities. Part time jobs also boost student portfolios and can provide onsite learning experiences relevant to the student's course of study. In this sense, part time jobs can provide work opportunities similar to that in internships. These jobs allow students to understand the work opportunities available for their course of study following their graduation. By understanding their work scope, students can make better informed decisions when choosing their major or specialisations. Moreover, working with a certain organisation will allow students to understand the inner workings of the firm better and help them in future job seeking decisions. It also allows students to apply the theoretical concepts they have learned in lectures or classrooms to real life situations at work. Similarly, information gleaned by working with particular organisations can be applied in college projects. Hence, part time jobs can confer both immediate and long term benefits to college students. 

I think part time jobs can be beneficial to students to understand the importance of saving and money. This is because people only realize the true nature of money when it is self earned. They are more protective and stingy with money that they have spent effort and time to attain. This will help in personal financing, teaching them to be independent and managing their time. In addition, these part time jobs provide learning experiences that instill soft skills in people which is useful for future careers such as interaction with others and communication. However, this is only true if the student is able to maintain their balance with their studies. Part time jobs often take up a lot of time and require students to exhibit excellent time management. Without this, the students would lose out because ultimately, college provides the degree for them to succeed and progress in the future. Compromising studying for a part time job would not be worth the potential career options that one might receive. In this case, it is more beneficial for the students to completely dedicate their time to college studies. Therefore, it is important for college students to prioritize their college studies over their part time jobs which they should only take up if they are able to have a good work college balance. 

I am of the opinion that while it is valuable for college students to have a part time job, it is not necessarily important as it may bring about detrimental effects such as distraction from studies. Part time jobs essentially provide a means of income for college students     who are very often not receiving any income (and living allowance from parents for many), yet burdened by the debts of tuition fees and rising cost of living. A part time job in this case would provide monetary and financial assistance to the student and is legitimate because the student earns whatever he has worked for. Using private tutoring as an example, a student is able to flexibly slot in tuition assignments into his personalised timetable. The amount of money earned is proportionate to the effort (number of assignments he takes up). Secondly, on a similar note on savings and financial prudence, having a prt time job allows college students to understand the hardships of working and will allow them to cherish money more, and spend their money wisely. However, a very important drawback of the aforementioned benefits of having a part time job is that it distracts students, and inevitably affects his academic work detrimentally. Having a part time job would mean lesser time devoted to revising and studying. Although it can be argued that with proper planning, revision can still be completed regularly, I am inclined to think the physical and mental draining of a part time job will outweigh proper planning and even with proper planning, one is still inevitably affected in terms of fatigue and time lost. 

Many students these days take up a part time job in order to earn some extra pocket money for themselves. Youngsters these days have extremely high expenditure, and a part time job would allow them to support their high cost of living. This is especially common during the long school holidays. Secondary school students would resort to being waitresses at restaurants, or even help out at IT fairs. Junior College students and undergraduates, on the other hand, are more commonly known to take up tuition assignments. For some undergraduates, taking up a part time job even becomes a necessity, as the tuition fees for universities are extremely costly. However, it would be less of a necessity for college students as the school fees are still heavily subsidized by the government. There are pros and cons of taking up a part time job. For instance, taking up tuition assignments is a good source of income with a flexible timing, however, this would also mean having to give up the time that could otherwise be spent on studying or doing projects. Students should weigh the pros and cons of taking up a part time job. Earning extra income to support their expenses would indeed lessen their parents' burden, however, this should not come at the expense of their grades and studies. Afterall, students being students should still put their studies as top priority. Therefore, it is good that college students take up a part time job, but it is definitely not as important as the focus they should place on their studies. 

College students should have a part time job as they can gain valuable job experiences, which can be extremely useful for their future. Not only do they have excess time out of their school curriculum, college students also tend to have the suitable level of maturity to cope with schoolwork and job commitments. Moreover, if students are able enjoy their jobs, it can be an avenue for them to take a break from school and have fun while working. It is also important for college students to have a part time job as it serves as a source of income. University fees are known to be difficult for some families to afford. Having a part time job would mean that students can relieve possible financial burdens faced by their family members. However, some may argue that it is not important for college students to have a part time job as they should focus on their studies. Students might not have the ability to cope with schoolwork and job duties at the same time. Spending too much time on job commitments might interfere with their studies, causing them to lose focus and not do well in school. In conclusion, students are encouraged to have a part time job if they feel that they can cope with the demands of both school and work. However, a part time job should not override the importance of studies. 

Yes, I agree that college students should participate in part time jobs, mainly because part time jobs allow students to learn practical experience, earn money, manage their time better and make more new friends. Getting involved in part time jobs, firstly, allow students to experience how the real world works. This, they may never ever learn in the college. College revolves around teaching and learning mainly theories, which can never mimic the real working league. Things such as emotional quotient (EQ) or how to handle or react to others are not what can be taught or learnt in college. However, the experience each individual gets depends on the nature of the job, administrative jobs usually allow students to acquire soft skills, while manual jobs such as waiter allow students to hone their EQ and resilience. Secondly, part time jobs allow students to earn some quick money for their own purpose on top of their allowance. The need for additional money could be due to the cost of transport. College students are paying adult fair, even though they can choose to purchase concession passes. Furthermore, textbooks are not as cheap as those in middle or high schools. Additionally, money is required by some to satisfy their wants, and usually parents do not sponsor students their wants. Hence, the need for part time jobs. Other reasons include management of time because students have to juggle between work and studies. Students may take the opportunity to manage their time better to strive for the best of both ends. Next, making friends from work might help students to expand their social network, and this friendship might come in handy in the future. Therefore, I agree that college students should participate in part time jobs. 

There is no one off answer to that statement, it all depends on what the individual seeks in life. Like a part time job, being a college student is just another tool for the student to better or improve him or herself. If the student weighs the part time job more than the educational degree attained at the end, the student might as well disrupt his or her studies or even terminate it. This trend is getting more and more common nowadays, especially so given the increasing abundance of degree holders entering the job market each year around the world. Having a degree does not mean as much compared to yesteryears. That said, most traditional minded students will still prefer to finish their education and possess a piece of educational certificate before settling for a safe job, which is completely plausible given that most employers still assess based on educational credentials. There are not much opportunities other than an education that proves possession of ability and knowledge. We live in an IT savvy world now, and more individuals are finding it lucrative to make it big based on opportunity creations from it. I personally have friends who have disrupted their illustrious education in prestigious courses/schools, and ventured into online businesses. Some are even contemplating giving up their education altogether. These decisions were clearly made after meticulous considerations, such as a steady income source as well as personal development. In conclusion, college students have a bright future ahead of them, and that does not necessarily warrant a degree. It rather depends more on the individual's interests which will determine his or her success in the chosen field. 

I disagree that it is important for college students in Singapore to have a part time job. This is because the education system in Singapore is extremely competitive and college years are the crucial period in deciding if one makes the grade to enter local universities. Part time jobs are temporary and for a college student, they are mostly allowed to work low level, labour intensive jobs. This would sap up the time and energy of students and infringe upon their revision time. This is aside from the CCA activities demanded outside of curriculum time. Thus, there is a high possibility that grades would be negatively impacted taking up a part time job, unless the student is exceptionally well at time management. It may be argued that the job experience, albeit part time, is worthwhile as college students get "a feel of the outside working world". However I feel that one can always get exposed to the working world after graduation from college. Thus, picking up working skills is not as important as studying hard to secure a degree during college years. College years are the defining moment of how one's education journey unfolds, not the linchpin of one's career path. According to society, the latter usually comes later. As such, I do not think it is important to get a part time job for students in the Singapore society because students should focus on their studies and a part time job would only serve more distraction than benefits. With unwise time management, it may even adversely impact one's chances of getting into the local universities and it would be a shame for the student as another year may be spent to repeat college or start all over again studying at a polytechnic. 

I agree that it is very important for college students to get a part time job. In this way, students do not only make a little money to help parents reduce the heavy burdens of supporting a college student, but also they will have chance to know the working world which will help them prepare for their future career. Moreover, taking a part time job help to build students' personality as well as give them a rich social life.. At present, most teenagers directly ask money from their families and they tend to believe it is their families' responsibilities to give them everything they want, especially those whose families are wealthy. They have no ideas of how hard it is for their family to earn money to support their needs. It is quite likely that some of them might develop into "spoilt brats". What is more dangerous is that teenagers who lacks the knowledge of the difficulties of making money may have a personality issue regarding how they interact with the real world. On the other hand, college students who have taken a part time job will obtain a totally different but clearer view of the real working life. They are able to earn some money to cover their expense to reduce the burdens of their families. Moreover, in the same way they can achieve their self worth which in turn helps them build a health personality concerning hard working. Lastly, taking a part time job means they will have chance to contact with other people, this will eventually benefit college students a lot and gets them prepared for their future career. In sum, it is necessary for college students to participate in part time jobs. 

Throughout the various educational institutes, teachers generally encourage students to acquire knowledge not only by the means of a textbook, but also to gain new experiences that will help them to grow as a person. The idea of learning out of the classroom is especially important as what defines us as a person is not only what we know but also what are our values and beliefs. The primary role of a student is to study and to acquire knowledge. However, in pragmatic Singapore, the traditional view of an excellent student is that of someone who excels in academia with other areas being secondary. As such, students are expected to devote all their free time to studying for exams and not engage in other activities that may rob their time from studying. By working part time, one will be exposed to the working society where everything is uncertain, unlike the certainty of textbooks used in colleges or universities. Such situations are good learning experiences as they present problems where the answers to it are not found in textbooks. Having nothing to rely on, one will be forced to talk to their peers and superiors to find a solution to the problem. Through such interactions, one learns much more from the lives and way of thinking from others. While I believe in the merits of obtaining knowledge through textbooks, I believe that learning through experiences is much more valuable as the experience is solely that person's and will be unique to him. The experience gained will go a long way in shaping the person's character and beliefs and ultimately the choices that he makes in life. Therefore, taking up part time jobs as a college student is beneficial and important although not at the expense of skipping classes. 

I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, as college students, we tend to be more independent at our age and often have to use our own money to pay for our own needs, both basic and material needs. Since we are all grown ups now, we have the abilities to work and earn money to support our own needs. As such, we will probably feel bad to ask for money from our parents and, hence it is important to depend on our own capabilities and have a part time job that allows us to earn money and support ourselves. Secondly, It is important that we start building cash reserves because we may need this cash for several reasons, be it to pay our school fees or to plan for the future. For example, investments require capital or we may need the money on rainy days. Therefore it is always safe to have sufficient cash reserves with us. Thirdly, having a part time job also increases our exposure to the outside world. For instance, there are always politics at work. By accumulating experience and exposure, we can better understand the different operations of certain jobs and how to handle human relations more effectively. In conclusion, it is important for college students to have a part time job to earn cash and also gain experience. Nevertheless, it is also important that the students know how to achieve a balance between work and studies. 

It is important for college students to hold part time jobs. Firstly, I will discuss the benefits of managing both schoolwork and part time job concurrently. This means careful allocation of time between the student's studies, his or her part time job as well as family and social life. A student who successfully manages to strike a balance between the above will gain invaluable time management skills which is an essential tool useful when he or she embarks on further studies, career and when he or she start a family. Holding a part time job, whether or not during school term or off school period, teaches a student several other important lessons too. One, it teaches them that things do not come easily or the way a person wants it to go. This means that they will learn not to take what their parents provide for them for granted such as the value of money. Two, they will have a taste of independence in the sense that they are earning some pocket money on their own. That means they will have to work hard to earn for the things they desire. Three, working part time often offer fresh insights on a lot of issues hence students who work part time are often more mature than their peers. However, having a part time job does have its disadvantages. Holding a part time job while studying often means that something else has got to give way, be it schoolwork, parents or friends. Young people often lack the ability to manage time well and in the process of acquiring such ability, they often learn the lesson the hard way such as subpar school grades. In conclusion, there are merits and shortcomings to having a part time job but it depends on the motivation for one to work while studying. More often than not, they are forced into it by circumstances such as to supplement the family's low household income. 

In Singapore, college education typically comes after a long break for both genders   males do it after national service (conscription), and females have an eight month break in between graduation from junior college and matriculation. During this period, individuals mature and are expected to become more independent. Speaking from the perspective of a female, a part time job as a college student is important because at 21 years of age, I feel awkward having to ask my parents for money for everyday purchases like toiletries and fashion items. It is probably due to my Chinese upbringing that I do not wish to burden my parents when I can gather sources of money myself. Other than being able to fund purchases, part time jobs also prepare college students for the work life that comes after. They learn multitasking, balancing studies and work while striving to perform at both. They are also given a glimpse of office politics, depending on the environment they work in. The amount of income they receive also allow them to experiment with financial planning before they step into work life where financial mistakes may cause graver consequences. However, not all college students may find working in addition to studying the most suitable way of life, especially if there are other existing commitments like co curricular activites. Take me for example, other than being a student and a varsity cheerleader, I hold two part time jobs. This arrangement works for me, but my friends have been worried about my ability to cope and cannot imagine themselves in my shoes. 

I do not agree with this statement. Full time college students should focus on their studies. If they had any extra time, they should use the time to study so that they could realise their full potential in their studies. However, students with financial difficulty should have a part time job to help lessen the financial burden of the family provided that the student is capable enough that having a job would not have significant effect on his studies. But this is group of people is a minority of the student population. Part time job may also be useful for putting it in his resume if it is relevant to the career that the student hopes to do in the future. Part time jobs could also be an exposure for the student so that he could get a better picture of how the industry is like. Although experience would be beneficial for students in the future, their results in their studies would be more important as it is still the most basic requirement that employers will be looking at. In conclusion, it is not important for all full time college students to have a part time job but it would be beneficial for students with financial difficulty or those who already have an idea on what his future career path will be. 

I disagree with the statement. This is because as students, it is our job to study and focus on what we are doing. Doing a part time job at the same time will drain our energy and attention while we are in school. I have friends who were always pre occupied with making money and holding several part time jobs who frequently skipped school so that he could go for his job. In the end, towards the examinations their grades suffered and could not graduate in time. Further some of the jobs such as delivering flyers and knocking on every house to make sales of products is a very tiring job and when students go to school the following day they are often too tired to pay attention in school, and can always be seen sleeping in class. This defeats the purpose of going to school in the first place. As students we should enjoy being students, spend within our limits, be contend with what our parents provide us and not compare with our peers. We should not hold part time jobs. The positive side of the students that have a part time job is that I find that they are much more mature due to the working experience that they have. 207 words 

 It is not compulsory for college students to take a part time job but I think if possible, the school should encourages its students to actively search for internship opportunities and prepare themselves for their career. It is true that study is the basic task of a college student, but there is certain knowledge and skills that can only be learned better through the real working experiences. All these skills will prepare the students better for their future career. If the part time job is related to the field of study of the students, then the hands on experience will reinforce the knowledge learned in the textbook. So with proper time management, the college students should be encouraged to take a part time job. However, the scope and time requirement of the part time job have to be taken into consideration when the students choose their part time jobs. The purpose of doing part time job is to help students gain working experience; if by doing part time job, students are not able to manage their academy well, then doing part time job perhaps is not the best choice for the students at this moment. It is best that the college supports this working scheme by actively sourcing suitable employers and companies to provide jobs for students. Not only the students will gain from the working experience, the school would also be more socially involved as an education institution. 

