In my opinion, to get part time job to do in daily life is a good choice. Some of student in universities want money for educating. Most of these students don't have enough money for learning, so part time jobs help them waste less money. Some of students want money for buying something they want. That's a good thing because it's mean they don't use their parent's money for something they prefer and that things will meant for them. From the part, I can see that part time jobs have many benefits. But in the other hands, there aren't all kind of part time jobs are good. There are also jobs that dangerous for students, especially, for girls. For example, some of girls are waitress in pubs. Of course, it's very dangerous for the innocent girls. But these kinds of job can give them much money and faster. Even though you work in restaurant, if you have bad friends, there are terrible things waiting for you too. So many parents won't let their children do part time jobs. But I think that anything has their own pros. and cons., so it's up to any person for choosing their own lives. The most important thing, everybody should have their own right thoughts. Do anything you think that it's the best way. But don't forget to ask your parents and trust them because they exactly know the best thing for you.


Special weekend or part time work The answer is very good for someone who is looking for quick money. The addition of recurring revenue. This is the main reason people often choose to work extra part time jobs, which are a part time job that has to do in the labor market, most often pay wages sensitivity and high yield. Wanting to resolve the financial problems as well. Part time job is to use free time to benefit as income. Creating a positive work habits. About time management for maximum benefit. Rather than let life pass from day to day. With nonsense Because each day. We have at least 8 hours, which we always leave time to leave unfortunately. We can work part time or extra work is just work part time Sat   Sun To generate extra income for families on the other hand, generation of IT work part time on the Internet happens a lot. Can be doing at home. Work your own schedule. To have more time with family. Because after that deal with everyday life is complete the remaining time than the rest deservedly can also allocate time to part time work has continued as well. Another advantage of the extra work part time student is admitted to practice before the real work in future. Many people who have worked extra Have work experience when applying for jobs are often higher will be considered for work before others, always This is due to the recruitment company. Do not want to start a new training sure enough. In addition, money and experience that can't find the Part time working. Part time working is also helping a patient, responsibility and honesty. Finally, you will get the trust of parents and become adults to work effectively in the future.


In situation like this days. Ours teenager could be find new ways of income to save our money. But doing part time jobs has more reasons to do it. Every person have reason to do part time jobs. Some person do it for find a new experience or find new salary to use in his duty. They have many reasons to do part time job. In my opinion I think do part time job is good for everyone. Because we find a new kinds of experience and give ourselves to know haw hard we can find money and teach me about the value of money. We could find a new friend when you doing a part time job. Part time job make me more conscious amd sociable. It is like training before going to the real world. Anothers reasons is some person want to saving money to buy the gadgets like cloth, shoes and the others by his own. In my opinion doing part time job like this way is good. Because you use your money to by thing that you want. This way is help your parents saving money. Nevertheless doing part time job in my opinion have only the utilities it can not harm you. It only make you stronger and stronger.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. Nowadays many college students have a part time job. Some students did it for keep their experience, make money or for fun. But I think part time job not good for all college students, it good for some students only. Because if college students did a part time job they will have effect on their study and they don't have time to read or practice their learning. For some students can not arrange their time and have a bad grade, they should not did a part time job. But if they want to do it they will wait for a good time, for example summer, holiday or their free time. Because they should keep time for study and read book. Moreover part time job is have a good point also. It is students can make money by themselves. And they can help their parent about income and save money of family. When they need something they can buy it buy themselves don't have to disturb their parent. Whatever part time job is not important for college students because students must be learn and grow up follow by their age. Job will make students grow over age. And if college students have problem about money for study they can request scholarship. Today have a many scholarship for poor students and good students. I think scholarship is better than college students did a part time job.


Now I am studying at Mae Fah Luang University, Chiang Rai, Thailand. I am studying in school of liberal arts English major. I agree with part time job. Part time job can make teenagers increase responsibility, develop their own personalities. Teenagers who work part time job can practice to be careful when they meet many kind people and they will know benefit of money, how hard to earn it. I agree with a part time job. The first reason is part time job can help teenagers preparing life to adult that must have more responsibility. When teenagers take a part time job must have responsibility to manage time for study, relax, work, and travel. Second the young can learn how to life with other people, ad just the unfamiliar environment. Third teenagers learn what that she or he want to be in the future. They can plan what they have to learn that useful for their future job. Finally, teenager will know benefit or money, how hard to earn it, I think that no one wants to waste the money that they have to exchange by their effort. In conclusion, part time job is the good idea to prepare the young change to adult. I hope that the schools or universities and parents will support young people to work part time job.


I agree because, first part time job make you spend your free time in the right way. Somebody kill their time by go shopping or traveling all of activity lose your time but if you get the job in the shop or restaurant. That's earning your money. Second it can improve your skill if you only meet the small social and have no accommodate so the job would help you to meet new many kinds of people that's might be good for you. Third it's improved your patient and can make you grow up; the job sometime might be hard or not comfortable; if you can pass it that would be great. Fourth you are in the college that's mean you are not the little child. The part time job can help you parent and you would be proud to your self that you can earn your pocket money by your two hands but in other word your mother would not reprove you any more about your new shirt or new shoes. And the last reason some learner have not much time to have an exercise so do the job would help you to move your body and use your brain the result is your health is good. I think it is the good way to spend your time on past time job and don't forget to study hard too.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. ??? I agree about It is important for college students to have a part time job. because some time they have more free time that can spend to do part time job. Not only spend free time in good way but it is one preparation to get into adult life such as dealing with many strange people, develop personalities and learning how to take responsibility for what you have done. part time job can train they how to earn money and let we know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. Besides, I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Or if the kids can give the parents the money that is earned by them, their parents will be very happy. At last In my opinion part time job is a good for student who have more free time but it should not affect our study.


Part time jobs in a variety of current. Which can generate income for themselves. It also helps alleviate the financial burden to the family and also to work part time work experience. To recognize the patience to work. To meet people in the society in many aspects. At present, many students are working with, along with the university. Students have to have patience, diligence for working and studying. Someone some students may agree that part time job is necessary for study life but somehow it's optional for choosing. There are many purposes for having part time job such as earning money, gaining experiences, or expanding networking. Some part time jobs pay a lot of money for students while some jobs paying very less. Personally, having part time job depends on personal reasons. If I have more time and I want to buy something expensive, I may look for a part time job so that I can buy those stuffs by myself. Having part time job while studying is not popular in Thailand. We are supported by our families and they always stated that we should focus on study only. This is why we are different from other countries where their families teach them to have part time job so that they can stand by their own feet. In conclusion, I agree to have part time job if it's necessary to do.


In the presents, most of people who do the part time job not always are worker but can be someone who not graduated yet, often be high school student or college student. In my opinion, I think it has two ways to think of it that it is important or not for college students to have a part time job. First, I think that the college students should intend to study. Second, if we see in another side, we will see that a part time job is good for some students, who have less money. Nowadays, In college, they usually finish class early and they don't have to study all day as students in high school, so it is easy if they want to get a part time job and I think it was a good idea that college students should have part time job because they could get a lesson from outside of classroom which is sometime better than they just sit and study in the school or college and they could get a life experience also. Last, I think part time job might be teach them a lot of thing for example: it can help us to manage a time in daily life, train themselves to have a responsibility, always be on time, spend free time for usefully, help their expenses, learn how to use and keep money and the last is thinking process, how to fix a facing problem.


In college, there are lots of students talk, think and work on part time job. There are many kind of work that college students like to work on such as waiter, waitress, cashier and etc. Do you think it is necessary for college students? If you ask me about have a part time job when you study in college. I can think of both side good and bad things. If you talk about the family that not rich enough for spend the money on study in college, I think working on part time is important. When you study in college, you can only just learn and learn but if you don't have enough money for eat, live, or buy a book. You must have a part time job for this thing. In other way, if you have enough money for everything. I think part time job is unnecessary for you because when you work on part time job. You will not have much time for rest, read a book or work on your homework. If you want to work on part time job, you must manage your time for everything you have to do first. If you have much free time, you can work on part time job. When you manage everything clearly, I think part time will give you more experience on working and you will have more money for shopping.


When you imagine of part time job in Thailand I can bet you that you should think very few of it. In Thailand students who work for part time job almost have economy problems in their families. That's mean students who have good finance will not think about part time job at all. Someone agree with having part time job and surely someone doesn't agree with that. In my opinion I very agree that college student have to have a part time job because they can improve many skills for their real working life. Some students know what actually they like to do. Someone find proficiency from part time job. Student who can earn money by themselves will be proud of them and appreciate of money. Students who have part time job can learn real world social that have difference character of people, so it's very useful experience when they work. In the other hand some people think student's duty is study so they shouldn't west their time for others. And they have to take their time to make good grade for a good job. In addition, everything has good and bad side it depend on you that you can allocate your time. Students can improve skills from part time job but in the same time they have less time for their study too.


I agree to have part time job. Collage student will be ready for real work after they graduate. But! Think about what purpose now? Studying right? The word part time job is doing a job in some part of your time. It means you do a part time job when you have free time. I think if any of us have free time we should do a part time job. We will learn a lot of that. For example, we know how to work with other people, we know how to deal with difficult situations and people, we know how to make friends in work place not only in the university. Actually, friends in workplace and university are different a lot. Friends in university are fun, we can talk everything, we help to do homework and help before test. Friends in workplace are friendly but don't talk too much. They will work and work without talking but when we found problem we will help each other. Friends in workplace will teach you how to work and how to react to things you don't like. Money is also good reason for do part time job. Some friends work in a food shop and they got tip from customers. They are very happy and they can buy whatever. So I think up to you. Part time is good, I agree to have but should not a main choice.


Part time job is a kind of works that many people do especially college students. Now, college students trend to get a Part time job because they want some money to do something that they want or need. Although part time job can make they get enough income but I think that part time job is only suitable for student who can learn very well. Because they must lose time for rest and review the book. Furthermore college students should know that they come to learn to gain more knowledge and they must keep all attention and concentration with thing that what they should learn. This is the disadvantage of its but it is not all bad. For the advantage of its is when they need to buy or pay something (example, to pay education cost, to buy medicine, etc. ) and they don't have enough money to pay or buy them. but for my opinion part time job is not necessary for college students because now it has many companies or government fund that can loan money to them with low interest. From many reasons that many me thinks that part time job is not necessary for college students that why I disagree that the part time job is important for college students.


In my opinion doing part time job is very good and nice because it is many a lot of reasons. I would like my part time job and I like children in it. Every day I like to check homework my student and teach he or she for the math of Kumon. Kumon is mission by discovering the potential of each individual and developing my life. First, I earn a lot of money, so when I have money I can spend it to buy something. Second, I receive many experience, I would like to use it for my life in the future and get the experience in the field that you takes an interest. Third, I get meet a lot of people and part time job can change my life every much, because it is relief. When I go to anywhere for learn living of a person and work with them in part time job. Forth, I can talk with different people and develop oneself in the communication with a person and learn from them. Finally, I want to be assistance family. So I could to lighten the load of my parent and I love my part time job very much.


Having a part time job for college students is very important and also complicated. Part time job is one of hobbies. Nowadays almosts high school students and college students study 8 hours a day and after studying they also work for part time job. It may help to reduce the expenses for the family. Working a part time job is almost in America and some in Europe. It's not popular for Asian countries because family isn't allowed them to go out and let them only study hard. College students can also study and work together. Having a part time job is a time arrangement that is so important. Money they got can pay for studying expense and buy something they want. College students must put up with working a part time because It's used lots of energy to serve the customers. They must receive the comments and improve to be better. They cannot argue with customers, It's the basic rule for being a waiter. College students should pay attention in class and working. Having a part time job makes the college students be hard working and handle the time. However, it have advantage and disadvantage to do two duty in same time.


Today, college students and part time job seem to go along together. Most of college students have their part time job in order to gain money for paying their credit fee and expenses. But some of them have so as to gain experience in life. Part time job is suitable to every people not only college students. A lot of people that achieve their goal are the people that have an experience from part time job. I used to think that part time job is the waste of time. But now I realize that part time job is so important. Part time job gives you more than money. It is experience that you won't learn in class. It also gives you more friends. You will learn how to act in daily life. The other thing that part time job might teach you is teamwork because you have to work with other people. There are many kinds of part time job. You can choose what you are expert in. Part time job must be a clean job and not violate the law. You must manage your time well to have a part time job. Don't let it affect your education or it will ruin your whole life. So I agree to the topic that part time job is important for college students. The most important thing in doing a part time job is to manage your time well. I emphasize at this warning because I find out many people that encounter to failure are because of time managing.


I am studying in Mae Fah Luang University at Chiangrai Province. but my hometown is Hadyai, Songkhla Thailand. My university is very far from my hometown so I think that to have a part time job is very important for college students especially we have to live very far from family as same as me. After that the college students finished class they can do the part time job for helping their family about money and use money by themselves. Moreover to have a part time job can make them avoid from drugs nightlife and all bad way. In the other hand, if the college students that have a part time job can not manage their time better it can be disadvantages for themselves such as lost time to study and do homework. If they can manage their time better it can be advantages for themselves and their family such as college students that have a part time job should manage their time for study time and for work time. In order to having best time for doing homework, reading book and doing part time job. It makes the college students who have a part time job b do not lose study time and they may fail on their tests.


These are advertisements to announce the job. I think they will be interested by unemployed or person who would like to get more earnings. I was interested once time when I aspired something and I need to buy by myself. So I asked my uncle for permission, he rejected me. I have canceled my attention to part time job. He told me that I should attend only in my class. But my older brother can do! My older brother did a part time job at Mcdonald's, he enjoyed his job. At the beginning he complained about his job and he looked so tired. Later he had narratives, he told me daily. I listened him, I feel so fun, too. And he talked to foreign in work. That's great experience for him to develop his language. I think the reasons for doing part time job other than getting the earning are finding more experience by own self and using the free time in good way. I see a lot of advantages from part time job despite I ever haven't done it. If I work in part time, I will got various things: the earnings, experience from own self and other people, friendship from workmates. I just want a chance to try to do something by myself.


I think it's important for college students to have a part time job but from another part some teenager think that it's not important to have a part time job because the first things that they have to do when they are student is study hard and they have to use their time appropriate with their age. But in my side, if students can do the part time job and manage their time together, it is great. Student can find some new experience outside the class. They will face the trouble and solve it by using their skill that they have met before. Moreover they will have to meet another people. Contacting with people, student have to respect to talker and intelligent to talk and Sociability, student should know what talker think or feel to do the best with him/her. So, Speaking skills and social skills is very important. Student will improve their thinking from the job, they will not only think to spend their life but they also think about their life and think about the people that they love. They can do many things by relying on themselves. If students do the job before, students will know before what job that they can do best or what job that they like. Everything have more than one part if you decide to doing something you have to make sure that you can do it.


In my opinion, I agree that 'part time job is an important for college students'. Because it has advantages for college students but there are also disadvantages. The advantages of part time jobs are First, it is a good experience for teaching students to manage time between working and learning. This one makes them have more responsibility in their duties and grow up too. Second, college students have chance to find money (salary). So it helps them to realize how value of money is because they always get money from parents actually. If they need money, they just ask parents, they will get money to buy the stuffs they want suddenly. This behavior spoils them! On the other hands, if they do part time jobs, they will know how hard to find money. Then this way helps them to save money and spend money in useful ways. Third, they get many friends and more society. This one helps them to know how to adjust themselves for being in society. All these advantages I said above are the suitable reasons to do part time job if students can manage everything clearly. But there are some disadvantages if they can't manage time well, their learning will be worse. In university life, there are many activities and they should do them; just they do activities, their studying may be getting worse. Moreover they do 2 things together, activities and part time job; they are tired and have no time to revise textbooks. Then it will damage your learning and grade! Furthermore, students still have no time to rest and that's so bad for their health. I'm the one who want to do part time job so I agree college students to do it. But before they do, they should manage themselves well.


I think that part time job of students is good and useful for students to use without asking for money from their parents because of when study in University, we need to control and work on myself a lot. Students can do a part time job but when you do the part time job you should also learn together. Part time job is a good thing, but it should be useful for students in their time studying and working properly. Study hard and do not find the money to find their own tuition fees as there would be no benefit. Most importantly, students should use the money to acquire what is beneficial to oneself does not apply to things that are not appropriate. Part time job may help students for make more money by yourself but also make student have less grade include Have less time for activities in they University. I can summary that part time job is a good thing will help students who have money enough problem but studying is the most important thing for student in University because good grades and graduate make students to work with success in life. Therefore, students should divide the time accordingly to their future. Learning in the college students just a few years, but students must bring their knowledge and experience acquired by the interests of future life.


Today, when you go to restaurant or department stores you will see most of teenagers are working. It's a good way to help them family and life to save the money and in the future they will have they own money. What countries you go what places you've been you will see that most of teenagers are working a lot of job in department stores for some example; coffee shop, Fuji, Oishi, or anywhere you always see teenagers let's find out. It a wonderful whenever we saw the most of teenagers do their works in part time By the way the part time job is a work that teenagers between 18  25 years old or student in University. It's a good way to increase they money and they family also proud with them. Whatever they want whatever they wish they will be given by them self. Perhaps it will make teenagers not be lazy and they will have more power to study. However the teenagers should manage they time with other work. Anyway, teenager's parent no need to be aware with them future because in the future the teenagers will active themselves or they can work many jobs. I'm the one of teenagers that still not have part time job by the way I'll looking for this in the future and gain more experiences.


Nowadays, Just money from parents that we get everyday may not enough for us to survival and doing daily routine. In one day we use money to doing many activities such as eating, pay for buy or taxi to university; some of student also pays money for playing games and their girl friend. So they need to find another ways to have money not just from their parent, and that way is to have a pat time job. Some of college students have a part time job when they have free time to make money. I agree with them because we can ease burden from our parent and using free time to make a benefit. They job can be service, cashier at restaurant or supermarket, some of them are smart can be a tutor teach other student when it nearly exam. We can choose part time job from our skills and abilities. I think it up to them; if their parent has good status and rich, they don't have to do a part time job. But for other students that their parent has lower status and money in each day is not enough, they need to survive and help themselves. Students that have part time job need to manage their time for working and learning.


In the present, many students have part time job. The part time jobs that they do are sellers in cloth shops, book store, cashiers, waiters in restaurant or employees. I think, it should to do because you can find money by yourself. It very proud for me. You can help your parents to save their expenditure and you can save money for yourself. The important thing which you get from part time job is experiences because you meet people, came from other place and other habit. The part time job can make you have more responsibility and reasonable. When you have those experiences, you can use them in your daily life and also to put it in your resume whenever you apply for a job. The part time job is the good one choice. It gives you many good things. Although, the part time jobs can have many good things but as a student your first priority is to study. You should do the part time job when you have a free time from studying, doing your homework or helping your parents job. If you can do this, I think the part time job is very good activity. You can manage your time and try to gain benefits from both study and part time job. I support the college students to practice themselves how to manage their life while being a students. Part time job may teach them something that they can apply in the future. However, study should be more important than part time job. Part time job should be optional for them.


In my opinion part time job is important for college students. Part time job is something that helps college students practice themselves before getting job in the future. They receive many experiences from working in part time job and it makes college students use their time for the useful things. All these, depends on the job that they choose to do, it must be a good part time job for themselves, not against religion and the job must be please their parents. Moreover, college students can get some money from their part time job, it also reduce their parents' burdens, too. They must sure that they use their money carefully, use it with the good things not spend it extravagantly and don't forget to save it for their future. It is no good working too long time with the part time job, it will harm yourself and affect to your study. So, you have to choose the part time job that the time is appropriate for college students. Some students spend their free time to do a part time job, I think it is a good idea because they did not use their time to do something that useless such as playing games, reading comic books etc. and they know how to manage their time. Every student should try to do a part time job.


Working pass time is good because it helps the other parent. And do not have to rely parents. Money we acquired it came from our proud. But before you do work, we should see that the burden of what we have work. Pass time job is another alternative to help alleviate the cost burden of their parents while studying medicine in University. Because the costs fight over education in other Time to remember the work has to pass the responsibility to keep the high school loss. working it tried But if there is good encouragement will make the work fun. They will enjoy to go to work, and will be more happy when got the payment. One of my friends said that part time job make him practice his study area. Like us, study English as a foreign language. We might not good at English because it is our target language, we have to try to practice and find chance to increase our skills. My friend worked in the hotel as a part time job and he reflected that his English is better. It is good for practicing and having money in the same time. He can apply things he learned in the classroom in to real world so he suggested me and other friends to work on weekend or at night shift. I think I will try once so my English might be better.


It is not necessary. I think the part time job interferes with school hours and not do anything serious in both could cause both the poor should be. The bad grades came out and did not fully work. The work will make us too tired and do not have time to read books. Now our mission is intended for students to have good grades can have a good job and secure. If we do both simultaneously. We may lose the opportunity to good work at the future. It will cause negative effects in the long run when we graduated. However, if families have financial problems, we should be able to raise funds to help with that or loans for education. In the future, if we have to do a good job, we will be able to take care of our parents. But if we do not have a stable job, it will not be able to feed them our best when they get old and may be a burden on them. So I think that there is no need for the part time job during being student. What should we do now is commitment to a stable course for the future. It would be beneficial over the long term and should make us more successful in life.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. What do you do when your free times? Someone plays music, reads the books, plays the game etc. Have you ever been having a part time job? Nowadays, there a lot of works that you can find for part time job. If you are a college student, you can do part time job after school or on the weekend. Three benefits of have a part time job are getting money, getting the new friend and getting the experience. First, of cause, having a part time job can be a way for get the money. This reason attracts many students to have a part time job. Someone spend their money for buying a new dresses, bags shirt etc. Someone spend money for education. However, having a part time job can help your parent to decrease the expenses. So getting money is one of the most important factor for having a part time job. Getting the new friends is the second benefit of having a part time job. Your companies are different so you should to change yourself to get along with your company. The last benefit of having part time job is getting the experience. You will know the things that do not have in your class. You can learn the new thing every day you do the job, you will meet your different customer, you can learn how to solve the problem. You should to obey your employer and senior company. So you should be a good employee. In conclusion, having a part time job is important for college student because this is a first step for your life. You can train yourself while you are a student. When you graduate and get your work, you can use your experience to apply your work.


Part time job Part time job is a kind of work that we do it after we finish the work or we have a lot of free time. Part time job is very popular now a day. There are a lot of part time jobs that we can choose what job is proper with us. The reasons we do part time job are the first, we need more money. The second, we have a lot of free time and we have nothing to do. The third, we don't have any job to do. There have many other reasons depend on our mind. We should realize that the part time job we are going to do is not illegal and the important thing is the part time job we are going to do is not make some trouble to others. The kinds of part time job are the waiter or the waitress, the receptionist, the porter, the consultant, teacher, and etc. Part time job is as important as the routine. It has many benefits. Sometimes we can learn many things from the part time job such as we can learn how to work efficiently before we are going to work as routine.


Nowadays, some people or students usually spent time to work a part time job such as Swensens, McDonalds, Kfc and others. Someone has to do it because of their finance but someone likes to do a job. It is important for college students to have a part time job. In my opinion, I agree with to work a part time job and I have many reasons to support my ideal. First, a part time job will be an excellent experience for your life because the job can give any things to you which cannot find from the campus. You will see many people who have many emotions. Moreover you will practice other skill such as attempt, tolerance and other. Second, a part time job can help me to support my financial status because it makes me to save money that come from my parent. Second, a part time job can help me to support my financial status because it makes me to save money that come from my parent. The last one, part time job give me a friendship from new friends. I can be confident that the part time job will be a good for me because it must give me a great chance such as excited experience, friends, time distribution and money. So I think, I agree with part time job.


In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job while in college because it goes a long way to equip them with enough job experience while still in college, and by the time they graduate, then they stand a better chance of getting a job than other applicants with little experience. And having a part time job will help them financially. A part time job can help them pay for living expenses, including housing, food, books and clothes. Beside it helps them learn to budget and handle money. If they have specific bills that need to be paid every month, such as the car insurance or cell phone, they will learn to budget so that they have enough money for them and having some of their own money also makes them appreciate its value. Lastly, working part time during college will help them spend more useful time. In conclusion, holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. They will make themselves more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Some of the most successful college students are successful because their part time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. The college students are grower than school students, so the college students may have some activities that come to college life. A part time job is example activity that college student will meet it. It may important for some students whom their family cannot support their spent, and students can spend their time usefully. College student have abilities that can use for various jobs. A salary for students who work a part time job may send to their parents, it as a proud of their hard work. Some students may spend their salary to buy something that they want without begging their parents. For some students may think a part time job is non sense because it is not necessary for their life, their parents can spend for their outcome, and some students may think they have subjects that it very hard to understand so they will study hard to improve their grade or their skills. Some students who do not have a time so this maybe a one of all reasons that they cannot do a part time. A part time job is important for some students who can manage their time to make an opportunity to improve themselves with their responsible.


I think part time job is not important for college student because we need to use a lot of time with book and try to make good grade and when you study with work it may have effect to your health, it make you can't ready to receive knowledge in class and strain as a result of can't sleep enough. But if you have problem about money or you have free time apart from read a book or do homework and housework you can apply for part time job because you will get wages and experience that it might be necessary in future. You will have good skill to solve the immediate problems. You will have better personality and can make good relationship with another people. When you get your wages that come from your labor, you will proud of yourself and appreciate the value of money. Moreover you will be responsible and more circumspect. If you choose the job associated with subjects that you learn, it will be useful in the future. It a good idea to have part time job if you can manage your time but important thing of college students is study and spend your college life to make a good thing.


A part time job is work for students. We can work if we want. We can find and keep money from this work. We can study and work in the same time. But if you have a part time job you must don't neglect your study. You necessity manage your schedule is so good for your education and your work. Some work may be toil for you but you should endure because Nothing work it's easy. When you choose this way, you should make good for two ways. Don't neglect your education and you can keep money from your job. This way is good for your life. I agree with college students to have a part time job. Because I thought we should find experience outside our college. Experience is important for us. It does can help us find our choice in the future. We can choose occupation match for our lifestyle. We might study in same class but we don't have same life. Finally everybody found a work is match for us. But before those days, today we should spend the time to make everything its good for our life in the future. We don't leave time for bad thing. We will build our way from this day. A part time job will give experience for you. You can't find this experience in your school time, if you don't begin by yourself.


Students in the university can do a part time job but do not for a long time because life in the university is a lot of things to do such as works and activities as well. When students graduate from the Hjgh School, they come to the university to study in their subject that they like. Moreover it is harder than life in the high school. Student should pay the time to study hard and don't forget the activity too. A part time job can help student to have an experience to do a job in the future. In addition that can help student to have money to use in a daily life and can help their parents about the money in each month too. However, student should allocate the time too. Because if they doing the job hard, it will makes student to fail in learning and exam. However, part time job has an advantages and disadvantages which depend on each other to think about it and spend the time for it. Moreover before student chooses to work in a part time job, they should consult with their parents and talk a lot about it. They should study hard about the work of the job that student chooses to work too.


I don't accept with this, because in Thailand, parent usually give their children money when they are studying. Parent usually think student must study full time, so parent don't allow them to do part time job. They think it is not time to work when they are studying but they should work as they want after graduate. Someone said that If you do part time job, you will gain experience. I accept with this but, experience can come from other way not only doing part time job. For example, I can attend any activity in university, study about thing that I interest to get experience. I do not care about money, someone do part time job because of money. Making money by oneself is good but, It will be bad If I can't manage my time or I work too much, I would be retired from university and I think it is not worth to try that. For someone who sure that you can manage your time, I support to do part time job but for me, I will study fully to get good grade then I would get a good full time job and earn money. So it is not too late to make money after graduate but It is important to get experience and knowledge when I am studying. And It is not important for college students to have a part time job.


There are four reasons why college. Students should have a part time job. The first reason is, college students, who have a part time job will get both work and social experience. For instance, when they work for same places, they must try to make friends with other people and work for money. The experience from their works will be useful for them in the future and can make them have successful lives. The second reason is that they will be more responsible. When college students have a part time job, they will have to do their best such as going to work on time and respecting their bosses. If they are not responsible, they will not get a job or lose money. Another reason is that college students will spent their time well. If they don't have a part time job, they may do other bad things such as using drugs, fighting each other, playing online games and wasting their time. The last reason is that they will have they own money. When they have part time job, they will get some money and don't have to ask their parents for money anymore. To sum up, it is important for college students to have a part time job because of the above reason.


In the present, Some college student do a Part time job. But should the college students do a Part  time job? They have many opinions about the Part time job. Some are agree but some people didn't. The opinion that agree to do a Part time job is because student can earn money by themselves and get the special skill, For example if college students be a salesman they can get the communication skills. Furthermore Part time job can teach they how to spend the money and how to work with other people. Another reason that college student should have part time jobs is because they can gain more knowledge of what they are learning in school by working. The opinion that disagree is they think that the Part time job make the college student lose time for study and do a homework. They think that part time jobs can reduce concentration from studying and put more stress on the student. For conclusion, I think that part time jobs for college student are a good idea because it teaches them skills, it gives them experience, it teaches them how to be responsible, and you can make friends by doing the job. Other people may think that part time jobs take off time from studying, puts more stress on them during undergraduated, or distract them from their homework or schoolwork, but I think that they could either do part time jobs in the summer, they could do them occasionally, or they could do their homework faster.


Stop and listen to a conversation in the bus or in the supermarket and time and time again you will hear about part time job. It is important to have it or not important for college students. Nowadays you can see that some college students have a free time and don't have money to use. That is the one reason that they take a part time job for their own money to use. A part time job have been known that can make college students have money and experience for get real work at their major have study. It's important that they can learn work before they graduated from university. And some companies want college students that have experience before to work with them that will make a college student wanted a part time job. But I have opinion that they could do something better than part time job if they don't need money for their own supplements. Because I saw some college students use money for find cruise such as some friends of mine. They use money to drink alcohol and go to pub or bar when their money gone out they might borrow money or go part time job. That is bad I think they could use money for education or daily life. So how it is important for college students must have a part time job. Yes, it is but it's not everyone that should have. It's for their own to determine that what shall they do in the future because you have a time for 4 years to decision that which way you want to walk along path?


I did not agree with college students have to do a part time job because the main roles of them are studied hard and a little bit spent the time for their friends. However, part time job can make money for the study but if they did not have time to review the lesson, they will do the score badly and effective in the long term about their future career. Many students have their reason of doing part time job such as lacking of scholarship, spending a lot of money, lost for gambling, etc. but I think they should find another way to solve the problems instead of working part time job that I will explain. First reason, lacking of scholarship, is the most problem that many people encounter. In the present, government has many scholarships for students that talented moreover students can loan the scholarships from government. Second reason, spending a lot of money, is depend on students that they can allocate their money well or bad. The last reason, lost for gambling, is very ridiculous because they have to solve the problem from the causes. In conclusion, I still confirm that part time job did not appropriate for the students that they have to mainly study for their better things in the future.


In my opinion, Part time job is a one of a part job that has in every country. Even if a smaller village. Part time job has a many types for example education, economic, and businesses especially entertain way. Part time job is a very important of people in present. Because part time job is a take a shorter time more full time job and some job also get earn more full time job. I think part time job is a popular more full time job because everybody can work part time job that no have effect with lifestyle. And teenagers can work part time job too. Otherwise part time job have a many time that you can choose by yourself so you will work part time job in you free time. But part time job also have a bad way too. Because part time job use time shorter more full time job so a person who work part time job will gain a salary less than full time job. And most of job that worked by part time job it not stable more full time job. However, students need to consider by themselves if part time job is important for them to do while they are studying. Not do it just because it is a fashion or want to spend money on unnecessary things. Don't forget that you are a student and what should be your duty. No one knows only yourself so please keep considering about that.


Past Time Job I'm extremely agreed with this topic. As I see, I think past time job is a good experience for teenagers. Not only experience but also money. We'll gain from this. In Thailand, Most of students spend their free time to do past time job on summer. Many interesting places that they are interested in such as KFC, 7/11, The Pizza Company etc. In High school, I had a friend who spends her free time to do past time job in KFC. I asked her about why you considered doing this job and she replied me that it was so far that her university will be start so she thinks if she only spends her time at home she might be bored so doing past time job. She might gain more experience from her colleagues and also gain money to use in the university. It was a good reason that she earns money by herself so it's save her parents money. Her parents can spent this money for other thing. I think most of student who done this job, they're grown up than others because they know the value of money. They had a lot of friends from doing past time job. It has widened their aspects and experiences.


Nowadays, many colleges are interest to do a part – time job. Doing a part time job have many advantages such as make money by self, decreasing income, proud and also worthwhile time. Part time job usually required student to do because after they finished class their have nothing to do. Part time is best way for teenagers. Aside from making you more employable after college, having a part time job will help you financially. A part time job can help you pay for living expenses, including housing, food, books, gas, and clothes. Since you will eventually have to pay off any school related loans that you take out, it is best to take out as little as possible. This way, you are not overwhelmed with your monthly payments when you find yourself working a much lower paying job than you had hoped for right after college. Taking on financial responsibility also takes some of the load off of your parents' shoulders if they are helping you with your expenses. Your parents will not be around forever, and so you have to gradually become responsible for all of your expenses. The sooner you begin this process, the easier it becomes and the faster you will become 100% independent financially. If you keep your priorities straight and find a part time job that is at least tolerable, you will be adding an important element to your future resume: experience.


I agree with acting as part   time job. Be the important factor for student undergraduatein the university. Because of in the university is the social that rather wide each person is from differ at the habit. Then different taste social of different individual go to such as with is a member of like of brandname, like to tour night, like with the activity, like the modernity, like the beauty. Besides expenses in hiring apartment and expenses that rather tall on everyday. These thing is the motivation gives a student someone that have good taste. But, money not a lot enough. Because someone might don't dare beg for money parents. Or be a person will want to build the income with oneself. Or a family has poor position. Then must try seek part   time job. Do for lead money has that to come to buy for what oneself is necessary at oneself wants. Go to add beautiful glittering. Tour night with friends. Go shopping Brandname that want. I then think Part time job be the important factor at most with a student in the university. Because I by oneself look for part time job good do alike.


I think it is not important for college students to have a part time job, but I think it is important for some college students whose bursary is not enough. For someone who want to have a lot of experience of doing jobs I think it is good idea to have a part time job because it get both experience and money, but it is not good idea to so serious with part time that it effects studying. If whatever reason make you have part time jobs, the important thing that you should remind yourself is My present main job is studying and you should divide your time properly. You should select the part time jobs that don't make you more tire. The part time jobs that you select should be in your free time and your time must transcend for studying outside class. Moreover, it is good if you get a part time job that is compatible with your major. For me it is not important to have a part time job. Because I think that the most important thing that I must pay most of my attention now is studying and I should my best with my studying to get a great job in the future. In term of experience, college let students have a period to practice the job when the students are in year 4 of studying. I will get the experience when I reach that time.


Most people earn part time job for earn extra money and it good that student do the part time job to get extra money. Because, it is the way to collects experience and money while studying in college or university. I strongly agree with doing part time job while studying for learning about the way to work with another person in the future. In the future when work with another people, it normally to receive co worker emotion because most people start the career by becoming an employee so they will receive many emotion of co worker. It is the thing that cannot avoid and must endure. For example, when an employee make president of enterprise get mad, it is not good to him if he against his leader maybe he will be fire. The way to prevent this situation is doing best in job and make a good understanding with all of co worker. all of this is the good beginning for career in the future. It is good to planning the career in the future and practicing it since being student. For example, someone who want to have own café shop then he get part time job about café. This is the way to planning the part time job in part of career in the future.


Some college students think part time job is important for them but some people do not think so, they think good education is more important than part time job, make they think college students shouldn't do part time job.. But some college students come from poor family they think they have to do part time job. Personally, I think part time job has advantage of it, makes college students have responsible, makes they know it not easy to make money, makes they meet many new friends and makes they have ability to planning they life. Part time job is a good way for good leaner students; I mean they will have a free time. But I think college students shouldn't do part time job because I think college students should learn hardly for their future. Today, if you have low grade you will get badly job. But I don't say that you have no part time job, do it a little from you free time, take more time with your lesson and do high grade. If you get high grade your life will be better. Today many college students and many high school students have part time job. They spend many times to make money, and then use it nonsense. It makes their time useless but it better than they use their time with bad thing.


My opinion about this topic is it's good if college students to have a part time job because they can help themselves and learn to spend their life with another too. They will have experience for find job and know how to do work in the future. Although it's hard for do it and tired but it can make a value experience for them. And the important they can help their family for find money and make they know that money's value and must to hard work for get them. In the future i think they will save and understand when they will buy something they will think for useful of that thing much more than present. I am really sure that they will know how to spend money and use it value. All of the money they earn is from their energy and their hard work. So the money that they ask from parents and the money that earn by themselves is different feeling. They might not know how value of the money if they use the money from parents but when they have to use their own money they will realize how tired they are. They have to try very hard to get a single coin or get a buck or tips from part time job. I think these students will be grown up and reasonable every time they have to spend money.


Disagree with the Student in University will have part time job when has study peroid. Because 1. The Study in University believe has study hard and not have time whould part time job. 2. University have Studentloan for Education to student. Needless don't find part time job. 3. Working a part time job and Study period is couple. Would have decline or delay study shall behind Final study. 4. Lose time and Low time is might for reading textbook. 5. Even though Part time job in study period may have unearned income. But Student if has think for economize. May don't have work to part time job or don't costly. If Parents is send money should to spend money. 6. Student's heath don't Efficiency in study from after work part time job. 7. If working part time job, may don't rest up. 8. Part time job is might can't join activity in University. 9. Part time job is might have few friends in University. So, I do not agree with the Student in University will have part time job when has study period Very much. Because I think that working during the course of very easy for me. I can not do it. It will make me lose the study. Lastly, We should learn to finish first. To Thought to be working.


Nowadays, there are so many teenages working in restaurants, minimarts, gyms, and fast food restaurants like Mcdonald, KFC, or Chester Grill, and a company or a restaurant, now, hires more college student than ever, and also tend to increase in the future. So, why do many college students have their part  time job after school or on weekends? Are there any advantages? Doing part time job is very valuable for college students in many ways. For example, the students who working while studying will be more mature because doing part time job is the best way to train and prepare you to be an adult by facing a big problem, managing your own time, and being more responsible. In addition, when you have a part time job, you definitely could learn something new that is useful for your life, such as how to relate to strangers, how to treat a customer. They maybe are little thing in your life, but someday it might be useful. Working is the best way to bring the knowledge that you have learned for your entire life to use because, nowadays, so many people study at college or university but never know how to use their knowledge. They are just studying for doing an exam and getting degrees. Therefore, college student should have a job to utilize their knowledge. The most important reason that the college students do a part time job is that they could have their money to spend on what they want without asking permission for their parents. By the way, it is also a great things for their parents too because it is lessen their ex penditure Doing a part time job has many advantages for students. So, it is important for college students to have a part time job. However, you suppose to consider about the job you do very carefully because there are both good and bad part time jobs.


I think having a part time job it's great. A part time job help you increase your responsibility, patient, teach you how the world after graduation will look like, give you more money, more experience of life... etc. But of course everything has pros and cons. I think of finding a part time job too lately and that's when I start to find more cons about it. First of all I will have to arrange my time for extra hours after study for whatever job I'd get. I will definitely have less time for study in the evening, less time to hang out with my friends, less time to spend with my family, less time for any activities, in any case less time for sleep. But if you plan to do anything in the future that connects with money (in fact in everyday life anything has something to do with money anyway) saving some money from now on wouldn't hurt you or anyone. Because money will always support you when somebody won't and with money you can do what you want or whatever plan you have easier. It is even better when you decide to save some money when you're only a student, a part time job may not pay as much as you want it to be but it is money.


I agree to encourage students to recognize the work of this nature. For the purpose of work in the future after graduate. Encourage students to work on public benefit. During the summer term off. And reduce the burden of parents. It is also useful to develop their own community / society and the nation to promote students' knowledge and experience from the University into action. By working together with people in various communities around the country to a collaborative learning community. And an alarm awareness to the Thai youth participation and social responsibility to the community and nation. So that students earn by working for a scholarship to go to government / agency concerned. And communities benefit from the work that students have made and shared. To provide creative works that are beneficial to community development. And brought together after the contest finished activities to the students pride in the work. And the benefits widely shared. And the benefits to students and teachers to know the value of time take the semester off to benefit and stimulate the economy. With distribution Income families to students and advisors. And communities to work and students will gain knowledge and skills from reality. Can build


In my opinion, overtime work will may have no the importance? necessary for a student who has wealthy position, do not lack about of money, but, it is will significant, and very necessary for a student who have poor position, First of all, overtime work regards the thing that is lawful, and the work that everybody can do besides the school hours, be taking time free to the advantage, and the important factor most of overtime work, be, overtime work can help to lighten the load in about of expenses that connects with the education has of a student by oneself, For example, The parents of a student cannot make money in on schedule time, while a student has to use money, for the education, then, It may make a student loses opportunity that good education way, because, have no money, but, if, a student works the overtime, a student has will the saving deposit, and a student can spend this money comes to be way education expenses, moreover, still can help a father and mother economize expenses well, besides, I think, overtime work, be learning will have to live go together accompany experience life new accumulation that from the work, give can live stay get with oneself. I believe in that, overtime work, for a person who never to work, it is not about at everybody can do, but, it, be not about difficult, if, we have will the intention to will do, have no which thing will easy to, if, we have no the attempt.


Under the sun over the sands. It is full of many people which different families Some family was rich, and some family was poor however those people have same main aim to get the good education cause the poor family must eager by themselves for get honor from societies. I come from one of poor family so I think it's important for me because I was not born in rich family. I have to help myself for pay fee education. I have to help my family. This is my role. I am very proud for help my family because I can stand on with my two feet. I can get salary by my ability so it's very important and necessary for me. However I realize, it's not important for everyone. Some students have enough money for pay about fee education. In the other hand have many students short of money for paying education. Social in thai different with aboard I think that because the most students in thailand get money from their parents and paid it by parents but the opposite way The foreign students have to help by himself. They always have a part of job when they have freetime and after their class.


In my opinion, I think I really agree with the topic that "It is important for college students to have a part time jobs". In the present, most of The Thai college students have not known the value of the money and It might be a good idea for their leisure. If they do the part time jobs they will know the value of their money and understand how hard that their parents had worked for take the money to them and the another important reason is that they don't have time to think about the bad things and don't have time to do the disadvantage things, have an alcohol drugs shopping with the unnecessary things and blab la bla. It will be the good things to collect the money to buy something that you want without disturbing your parents. It can really help you to be responsible be on time have the skill to do the things that you had worked. However I really agree with this topic and you will see how development of you from the part time jobs. You can have one occupation for you to do in the future. You can make your parents proud to yourself. Let's have a part time jobs now.


When we talking about a part time job we'll imagine about the job we take on our free time exchange for wages. I believe its great way to earn money especially for teenage like us. Many of the college students have a part time job. That's good for them and their parents in some reasons. The benefits of part time jobs. The first of all that's you can change you free time into a wages. You can make money and keep it to buy any stuff you prefer. Or even keep it for your future life or an accident. The second you can help your parents to reduce the expense of your family. By divide you wages into pieces and give some to your parents. However, you can get lots of experiences by part time job. Such as the ways to communicate and working with other people or how to manage you emotion or feeling in pressured situation. And I believe that from all experiences you got you can apply it to use in your future full time job. By the way, even the part time jobs have many benefits. But for a college student likes us the most important thing is to seeking for knowledge not to make money. Because of you still have your entire life to making money. So study first!!


I agree with the students work during college. Because I think studies of the students are learning to do Part time Job, it would be a very good thing. Students will have experience of working that can be used to increase knowledge and used in everyday life, too. It is also to meet other people to talk and exchange experiences in various fields. It also has a new society because many people meet to talk and exchange experiences in various fields. Part time Job for a fee, which will help alleviate the burden on the parents. However, a Part Time Job perfect for those who can manage their own good time. Those who can manage time well, I'll send both of which work and learning can be successful together. But who cannot manage time. I will lose both learning and performance, which may fail to both. The decision to do Part Time Job jobs should be a good fit, personality and ability of us. If we run the dominant work will be done quickly, work have efficiency and effectiveness. But if we work at work is not dominant, there is no effective and ineffective. Therefore, the decision to do Part Time Job must review the decision and think that they have knowledge and responsible enough or not, Working and learning together.


It was said that knowledge does not exist only in your classroom. In my opinion, it is good for college students to have a part time job because students can earn more money from it, and it gives more experience and opportunity for students' future occupation. Having more pocket money is students' dream, and a part time job can do. Most teenagers have a problem about lack of money. Some of them want to buy something special, but they do not have enough money for it. Some use money up before the end of a week or a month. So, they do a part time job to earn more money. Although the job gives a little amount of money, it requires such a little quality worker that students can apply. A part time job can be a great opportunity for students' future. The students can find out what they like, what they can do, and what they are good at. They also experience some critical situations and how to do with it. When they are grown up, their experience makes them more efficient than the other. That means they have more chance to be successful workers. Despite of tiredness and a low wage, a part time job gives college students a lot of advantages. The students can manage their time to get more money, more experience, and more opportunity that they never get from their school.


I do not agree with this topic. I know that a part time job can teach many things to college students. First of all, you will earn much money so you can buy everything you want or keep it in a bank. Second, you will know how to work with other people. That may be good for your future job. However, I think a part time job is a little waste of time. I think the most important thing for college students is learning knowledge and, after that, finding the way to use it. College students must read a lot of books and do their homework but if you have to work, you will not have time to read. Moreover, you will be so tried from work. You will not understand what you learn and you may sleep in class. It is too hard to do two things in same time. If you want to do a job, I think you should work when you have a holiday such as in summer that is the end of your semester. You can use this time to practice your skill. You do not have to worry about reading books or doing your homework. That is short time but I think it is better than having a part time job in your semester.


College students are one step closer to face the real life, the life that they have to survive by themselves. Without asking for money from their parents, those students would find it difficult to live. It's going to be more difficult than that if they have to work to get their own money and spend it for their expenses. Obviously, it's necessary to experience a real situation before they graduate from a college, or you can call it a practice. I'm the one who totally agree with the thought that it is important that college students to have a part time job. I used to work in part time jobs before, and I do realize that it isn't easy to spend my money wisely without asking from my family. I have valued the hard moment of working to get the money. Some would say that it isn't that tough. But for they never work for their lives, so they will never understand a moment of having no money in the situation that you no longer depend on your parent. Thus, somehow you need to get the money, borrowing someone else's money for example. And that means you're failing on living your life moderately. Working part time jobs doesn't only give you how to manage your money, but it provides you the experience of dealing with people who you might not know before. It will make you stronger. Therefore, it is really worth it to have a part time job while you study in a college.


In the world that business plays an important role in people's life, many people have to learn how to make money by themselves. College students have to do a part a time job in order to get some money and help decrease their parent's expenses. Many college students love to follow the fashion and trend. The behavior of Thai students is influenced by friends for example, they use BlackBerry mobile phone or we called BB. Now, Thai students believe that if they have BB, they will be praised by their friends. For the students who don't have BB, they will not accepted by their friends. This problem causes the students to beg for a large amount of money from their parents. In my opinion, I think that if the students want to buy the expensive thing, they should collect the money by themselves. The best way to find money is to do a part time job. There are many part time jobs available for the students. They can work in the department store such as BigC and Lotus, the restaurant such as KFC and McDonalds and the convenient store such as Seven Eleven. All of these jobs can help them collecting the money to buy the expensive thing. The most important reason is they can also help their parents.


In today's society, a part time job is becoming necessary in college student's life. Money is needed now more than ever. Choosing to work part time job during the study is a tough decision for collegian will inevitable have to make. Many collegians can work part time jobs and study simultaneously. In order to make the right choice. The collegian's situation must be taken into account. Should be looking for his financial situation, as well as his schedule. Also, the type of work involved must also be considered. But, the question is it can adjust college student's life. Many people think that responsible collegian will have problem balancing a job and study. And many people think that a part time job occupies time that should be spent on homework, studies, extra curricular, etc. A part time job may cause more good than bad. Working a part time job make collegian to start learning about the working world. They can learn how to write resumes and how job interviews work. Interacting with fellow employees will tech how collegians should deal with people. Finally, with a study income, parents can stop giving allowance and let their kids earn their own money. With a steady income, collegians can learn how to manage their money responsibly, learn to balance between spending and saving


College student should have a part   time job. I agree with this topic because the part time job can make the person to be a responsible person and practice to be a social person. College student like to do the part time job as the activities. There are many reasons to show why the part time job is interesting to do. First, Part time job is like a short time job to do and it can choose the starting and finishing time, it is convenient to the student who finished their school late. Second, this job can get a few money so, some student want to do the job because they want to help their parents about a learning payment. Third, doing part time job, it will get more good experience. All the experience that you got in part time job will help you when you are working. The last reason is make you to be a loyal person. Loyal is the habit that every company required, and you should have when you are working and it will help you a lot to get your job if you be. If the college student want to do a part time job, they should manage their time rightly.


Having experience outside the college is necessary for student nowadays. There are many activities to do after finishing class. For example dancing, reading books, playing sport, attend college club and this one of interesting activities which is doing part time job. Doing part time job is one of the most popular ways for collaged students. You will gain lots of advantages from doing part time job. For instant money, you do not need to ask your parent to buy thing which is expensive or something that they do not support you to buy because you have your own money and you can decide it all. This is not the most important reason of doing part time job. The another one reason which is more important is experience. In my opinion Student should have work experience because if you have work experience like this you will be considered when you are in the application. After you graduate degree is not much necessary for job. If you have more experience you will have more chance. In my opinion collage students should have part time job experience because it will improve your life skill and you will be proud when you can do thing by yourself.


I agree with it. In my opinion, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job because a part time job is a place that they can learn a lot of things outside a classroom. College student will get good experiences from a part time job. They will find new friends and new people. They will know about their aptitude so they can choose the way that is suitable for them. They will know how to adjust themselves to be happy in the social. Morovers, it can teach them about solving the problems that happen suddenly so they haven't a lot of time to decide. I think they must use their experiences to overcome in that situation. The college students are the people who has responsibility so they should practise keeping the money by themselves. They will save the money more than they do now. Futhermores, having a part time job will make them can allocate their time effectively thus they won't make their free time useless. I think the experience that is gotten from working a part time job isn't same as one from a lesson that you can learn in class because It's a real situation!!!. You can't back to start and you can't change the thing that you have done.


I think part time job is useful activity because students can earn money from it, so they can have their own money to use or pay for something they want and reduce parents' task about money and part time job also make students have new experience in working that will be benefit in their work in the future and also understand value of money. However, I not think that part time job is important because college students can do any hobby that they like and part time job is just a choice. For example, play music instrument, study more languages, play sport, participate in campus activity etc. I think the most important thing in campus life is study and social. Good grade in studying make an achievement in education and finding work easily, so I think you should have enough time to study and practice lesson. If you can organize your time very well and have no problem in studying, part time job is interesting choice for you that you can learn about what people thinking, social, many styles of worker but if you can't, it is risk to do part time job because you will have more stress and maybe have no time for studying. However, you can find social experience in other ways such as, making friends or participate in campus activity


As far as I can remember, I haven't thought about the thing that called a part time job yet. But, I know only the thing that called 'hobby', which I find it more interesting than anything containing the word 'job'. Furthermore, there're way more fun if I don't think about anything as some kinds of job; I always think about anything I have to do as some kinds of games or puzzles that needed to be solved instead, which is more, well, fun and exciting! All I can say that it's IMPORTANT! Especially for those who don't have much allowance for the budget, and having a part time job is the way to keep their budget affordable to many kinds of expenses. Do you want some further supporting reasons? Then let me talk like this; you may get some tip if you've done a good job on your work. Most employers love those diligent, honest and skillful fellows, you know? And of course, they'll gladly pay you more and looking forward to assign you to be one of their staff if you can keep up with your outstanding performance. And that'll be all of what I have to talk about how important of the part time job. It's just a short recap from my whole thought of this thing because a part time job can teach you so many things, especially things like diligence, honesty and sometimes, courage; you may bump into such serious situation and you have to carry out that thing no matter how hard it is, that's the reason why it can teach you to be courageous, too. So, if you have a spare time, then go find a job. It's simple as it is, but keep up your good work!


agree with part time work, because, part time work is taking time free to the advantage, take time at exist to money and can make money with oneself must not beg for money you My good man. mother use, if know to take time out, regard about that gladden because, overtime work will make us has the duty enhances to are double, but, if, strange take time out well, will make what are we do? not good, such as, education, may bad down, have no office house hours, review a book, or, sometimes might come to study late because, relax not enough as much as, the body wants, but, if, we will can take time out already well then make our time is worthy more and such as more, take time free give born the advantage, enhance the ability gives with oneself, train the tolerance, have an experience in work TRUE practice, there is new friend get learn living and the hungriness are distress in making money, appreciate the value of money, and at important have who is money uses by must not beg for?, therefore already if, at handful works the part time [doing that action], request you make with full speed ahead and, should attend about the education well with, and ? thatting look for the work is doing then, request think always that, must have the responsibility is enough if, there is the property fully follow this then, ready oneself look for a job immediately.


Nowadays, the most students are university made when they have a free time. Then, they are wanted work part time job is not have school hours in schedule. Maybe it is have a lot of fun for life. Additions, in their parent are sent some money a few when ever last mouth so not only pay in daily such as food, gas, stationery, dormitory etc. So they need some money and just worked whatever help their parent, Another one could you kept money when need in next time. A life in university is freedom social and new strange. certainly, the woman is rights equally man. She could able works outside when weekend and able do past time job. Can find information about work as employee. If diligently person until love service or happy for work. But, the manager not exploits man and gived social welfare. Also has high salary are kind of works in part time job for example; waiter or waitress in restaurant, cashier in department store, ticker collector, baby sitter etc. Finally, in part time job is the Experience of work and apprentice when felt bored so much because good job is good man. As you can see past time job is benefit and good for life in university should you goes outside and search for good experience.


In the past, most of college students probably had no part time job. This was because their parents might think that the students should only study hard to get a good grade and as a result, they would acquire a better job opportunity. But nowadays, it is quite different from the past. Each college students have their part time job for some reasons; the first one most likely is money, the students work and earn wage then buy things that they desire without bothering their parents. Second, in college or university, job training is a must for the students in order to graduate in particular curriculums or we can say that doing a part time job is a first step to successful job training. And the last one, while working, it is possible that the students have to communicate with other people, deal with problems, encounter hardship or even face an unexpected situation. Those are like the exercises that give the students chances to practice before they work in their real career after graduation. As what was mentioned above, we can completely say, it is important for the college students to have a part time job. And personally, I do believe that doing the part time job is one of the most beneficial ways for the students to improve themselves in order to work in the company and live their live steadily.


It is not until I realize that being a college student you have more free time to do many things outside classes because you don't need to attend classes haft day long like studying in high school. Therefore, to have a part time job or joining other activities in your colleges, I think it is useful for college students as they can learn many things that are not taught in classes. Learning something new outside classes and making money while studying are two main reasons why part time job is important for college students. The first main reason why part   time job is beneficial is that students can learn how to work while they are studying in colleges. They can get prepared for a real job in the future because students can use their knowledge taught in classes to deal with their jobs. And I agree it is better students can practice what they have learned from classes to a real situation. When students graduate, they will not get only diploma but a lot of experiences. This will be great for them when going to apply for jobs in the future. The second reason is that students can make money themselves and don't need to ask for much money from their parents. In addition, I personally think that students will spend money more carefully because they know it is difficult to earn money. As a result, they can save more money for their education. Finally, if you have more free time after classes, let get a part time job to get prepared for a better job in the future. You do not only learn something new outside classes but also you will be proud of yourself that you can make money while studying in college.


Part time job is Activity that teenager can do when them free for school. Part  time job will help teenager take free time to advantage and part time job will build good habit for teenager such as responsibility, sacrifice, work cooperates with other. Teenager in present when they have free time they'll do nonsensical which useless for family themselves and social, so part  time job can be choice that teenager can do when they free for school. The advantage from the part  time job is teenager can save money of parents and part  time job is variety, so the teenager can choose follow the interest such as, MK, Swensen, KFC. There are also part time jobs that will save you money with free goods and food they supply so popular part time jobs are Bar work, Hotel work, Retail jobs (working in shops or gas stations) and Promotion work etc. The importance is part time job can build the good habits for teenager when they're adult such as responsibility, sacrifice, work cooperates with others. besides When you apply for the job the experience when you have part time job will help you to be a good choice, choose. To sum up part time job can help you to be a good adult in the future because these things can be complement in your life at least you have the experience than the other.


In my opinion, part time job; the job that one can do after his class, work or when in the free time, has some advantages because off having more many things from working. The advantages that I mention are having more money, more experience and more communication. The advantages of the part time job, first, it's having more money. When one do his work, it' sure that he must be earned money and also part time. The second is having more experiences. When one works, he can learn many things form that working. The part time job can be added him more experience when he works. The last of the advantage is having more communication because when one works, he must communicate with others. It's mean he must talk, think or solve some problems with his colleagues, so he can learn these communications from the job that he works. Therefore, when one can learn many things from his working, he can be added the others by the part time job too. He can have more money because he works more and more, having more experiences because he can learn more many things from the job which he works and have more communication because off working by teamwork; work with his colleagues.


I think about it is important for college students to have a part time job. I agree with that because a part time job is a good experience. Money is necessary for studying and living. They can help themselves and parents to save a lot of money. They spend their freetime usefully. When they need to use money, they can use their money that they earn. Their parents will not be tired. Actually a part time job is important, studying is more important. If they always do a part time job, they will not have time to read books and practice their learning skills. I think that studying must come first. So they should adjust and divide time during studying and working perfectly. They should realize that they are college students now. Their important duty while they are college students is studying. They should intend to study for their good futures. They must not work too hard so that they will not be tired. On weekend is the best time for working a part time job because they will have time to study sufficiently. In my opinion, college students who have a part time job are diligent and patient. I hope they will be happy in the future. The way to the success is waiting for them.


I think the past time job that it is important for college student because nowadays situation in Thailand is not stable because conflict of the government and about colour group, so it has change many things. Economic at the moment that make decrease salary of people in Thailand so some students must find part time job for they will get some money, help family, and increase income within family of them. Some student have to working hard for they do not have the parents that will give some money to him. Therefore, they must work for tending themselve. Some students must do part time job because the parent of them have low incom and not enough for buy or pay something in each month that make them must do this for being curtail the problem of families and take some money for them's life in each day. Especially, working the past time job will make them get new experience and use it in the future of them. Lastly. I want to say if your parents have enough money for take you into the college so you should pay attention the best in class and for the future of you and you will get a good job. Moreover, your parents will proud that you can graduated from anywhere.


I agree that students should have a part time job. A part time job is becoming necessary in student's life. However, Most college students in Thailand don't have a part time job. I think that the college students should collect experience, even in a position that is not directly related to their field of study. The part time job will give them much benefit such as experience, co workers, ability to learn new skills. They will have the basic which make a good employee. They will better prepare themselves for the future. I believe that the students who work are more confident better time management skills than students who aren't not employed. Working teaches them about responsibility too. Moreover, the college students who have a part time job can find extra money. They needn't annoy their parents. However, those students can lead to drop out or have low grades. And working can also limit opportunities to build friendships and emotional development. Someone tells the college students should spend time on homework, studies, activities. Besides money which they find will use up with cars, gas and luxurious items because they have money to spend, they feel that they deserve to spend it. However, I still agree that students should have a part time job. The problems don't happen if they have responsible.


Study in the College or University, we learn about the knowledge from the professors and by self learning study. We learn it from textbooks or from internet by computers. Especially, Learners or students must have many activities not only from course learning such as sports, activities for social or others and sometime have a part time job. All University and all faculties manage the course of study to have appropriate time for learning in classroom per week. They have a time for self  directed learning in one week, and have a time for other activities. University had be provided libraly, computer, internet network, sport stadium, club for student and other, Because University executives want student to have living or join with friends and other persons. Student may have skill and experience to work, play, and other activities. Living in College or University, Students have more time to learning for knowledge and life. They have more time for part time job, such as work in company, restaurant, or activities for social. These can give students to have skills and experiences to work, to life with other person. It can make money, to help for economy. After students finished learning in college or University, They will prompt to work. This is a important for college students to have a part time job.


Agree because I think a part time job of students is a make students learn to spend money for save a money. The part time job is a good for students and students should do a work but the work must not make bad grades. Students must know the time to share learning and working part time so that we can be happy for both learning and working. The part time job is to earn money from their students will have seen the value of money, extravagant spending and help the family. Sometimes students want to work part time experience for their expertise or experience to be real good recruiting only from experience. For some students who want to earn money during school space to use for living. I would agree that students need to earn money by working a part time job. But A part time job must is a work Honest no violence or other immoral. Parents gave consent and awareness in the students do and do not result in learning to drop grades. When students want to earn money by working part time job will do studies that are most important in the life of a student for the best for the future good of the Thai students is to working a past time job while studying.


Nowadays, the world has changed. The college students not only the college students in West but also in East are going to have a part time jobs when they have free time. I think It is important for college students to have a part time job because they have to live themselves after they moved from their parents' house so they must earn money themselves. There are many reasons for college students to have a part time job. For example, they can purchase things they like, they may help their parents to decrease their expenses, they will realize on the wealth of money, they can spend time doing the right thing instead of playing computer games, surfing the net, or playing facebook. Doing the part time job isn't a waste of time because they will get many new experiences for their daily life, they may make friends from their part time job and may be they will meet their boyfriend or girlfriend, and they will make their parents proud to themselves that they can help themselves and may be these college students will grow into a good and responsible adult. As we've known that doing the part time job has many benefits so it is better to persuade the teenagers who are studying in college or university to do this.


College students should have a part time job. It is best period in human's life to absurd knowledge and learn experience. For one thing, college students taking a part time job can get more experience for their future job. Those who cannot find an appropriate job still benefit since they can have more experience dealing with circumstances that confuse them. Another reason for the urge of encouraging the college students to take a part time job is the importance of learning how to take responsibility for what they have done. They can to respond to many kinds of circumstances is really important in any job and taking a job when people are young turn them into skillful employees. When doing a part time job, college students can practice the lesson got from classes, because knowledge got from teachers in classroom is never enough. Also, college students can expand their interpersonal relationship by having a part time job, because interpersonal relationship has become the most important factor in working environment. When doing a part time job, college students can earn money be their own and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. If they want to buy something they really want, they should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Perhaps many people will think that having a part time job may affect our study, but they can get more experience for future job. It can help college student future become much better, no matter in the attitude toward, in getting working experiences and in interpersonal relationship.


College students should have a part time job. In my opinion, a part time job is good for college students because of these reasons. First, students can get a lot of direct experience from a part time job by themselves because they cannot get this experience from the class room for sure!!! Second, it can increase responsibility in their life and their job. For example, they must get up and go to the job on time, take care of themselves, divide their time, manage their expenses. Third, student can mitigate their parent because they can earn some money from their job. For example, they do not ask for money from their parent when they want to buy something because they can use the money that they earn from the job. Moreover, the students that have a part time job can be aware of the valuable of money that they earn with their strength and be aware of saving the money. The last reasons is to get wise to adapt themselves to get along with the colleague. Adapting themselves is very important for the living, for example, if they do not have adapting themselves, they cannot work together or get along with friends, colleague, and someone else. All in all, the part time job is good for college student in a lot of way.


Currently, the working part time jobs that is important to college students. Because it helps increase revenue. Students today are spending more than income from family. Students have to work a part time job, to meet their needs to be spending. Some of those who pay tuition by themselves. The Working part time to pay the money for tuition. Part time job that has many benefits. Part time job that has many benefits. Such as experience of working. Practice working with others, learn to live together as major social. Part Time job there are many types, such as in restaurants, office, public relations, and survey etc. The restaurant has several types, dishwasher, cleaning staff, waitress, and cashiers, etc. However, teenagers can not learn how to work and live with others people. Working part time job gives an opportunity to young people to learn how to work under pressure. Besides, they can also learn how to respect to diverse attitudes from people from all walks of life. So, when they have to face to the real world outside their schools in future, they can easily adjust themselves to that unfamiliar environment. A part time job, which is familiar and common for the young, can be an ideal option to welcome them to the adult life effectively.


I agree, in my opinion, I think many college students want to make money by yourself. A part time job is a part of a college student choice. In addition to have money you will have a great experience before you have a really job. Certainly. Money is very important for everyone. Everyday you must be spend money extremely, you would be fine a job to make money for your life. When you have a part time job you will think about value if money before you spends money. At the moment your parents are sending money to you but if you have a part time job, you will have salary and you can reverse money to your parents. I think, it's great. Furthermore you can take care of yourself, you are not depend on your parents. Furthermore you will have a great experience. When you meet a lot of people, you may be adapting together. Sometimes other people is very good so it makes you to practice yourself and it makes you develop your ability. A part time job will make you have a reasonable and honest people. If you are honest, you can fine a job. Finally. A part time job has a good you should be careful before you choose. I suggest you that are great. When you have a part time job. You will have money and a great experience before you have a really job.


At first, I think part time job is very important for the student that family can't afford the education fee that much. But in the other hand, the student should have pay attention and understanding for studying. And should take some rest enough after study for clear the brain, good for health and be ready for next lesson in the next day. If they work after study how they find the focus for understanding what they learn in each day. How they finish and understanding in each homework or assignment. So they should have chosen studying first because it is the most important if they choose to attend in college. But if they no the other choice to pay the education fee or help the parents in each term. They might work one or two days in each week and that should be the free day without the class that can help they complete the homework or assignment in the weekend and have the time for review the next lesson and revise the lesson that learned already. And these are the good thing and make they be advantage student than the other. Student should be prepared and concentrated all the time. Everybody can't be perfect but can be the good student with a ton of knowledge and understanding in everything they've learned.


I agree with the statement that "It is important for college students to have a part time job" because nowadays Thai college students don't know the value of money. Moreover, some families are poor or don't have enough money to spend for everything. Sometimes, studying in the university maybe use a lot of money such as, for eating, doing many activities, buy many things for use in daily life etc. so, college students should do a part time job for support themselves. I think that, doing a part time job is a good idea. It is useful because the college students has much leisure time and don't anything to do and they can earn money for use in daily life too. Sometimes, they want to earn money for use in anything that they want. When they want to spend money, they won't borrow another person and will decrease some debts. Furthermore, they will get many experiences and get much knowledge to use in their life. They can support themselves and can survive in the society. College students will be proud themselves that can success in a part time job. Their parents will be proud in their children too and it is important that it can decrease the tasks of their parents. A part time job is using the free time to be useful and can help the college students to know the value of money and the value of themselves. So I really strongly agree that It is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree that It is important for college students to have a part time job. Because studing in the university is use a lot of money such as, for doing activities, for eating, for buy a lot of book and the cost for enroll is expensive in some university that is not belong to the government. So college students should have a lot of money to pay for them. However some people think that money from their parents is enough for living in the university but I am not. Now, they are a lot of things change. The cost of goods are increase and they are a lot of thighs that attractive people to buy it. I think that doing part job is good because the college students are not young person that cannot do anythings. If they would like somethings that is not for studying, they should do a part time job for earn money. Doing part time job is a very good thing. If you have free time and don't have anything to do. Doing part time job is one thing that you should be choose. No one can earn money without doesn't doing anything. So I strongly agree that It is important for college students to have a part time job.


Experience in which you are interested to get new skills, knowledge and experience more diverse. Important cause you can answer that. work, what you use yourself. Extra income. Or may be the main revenue is money time. And heal on costs. Protection money from the shock of unemployment for a long time. Lighten the burden for parents with another way. But to Pass Time running time should be divided. If too many selfish returns. May result in loss of lessons. As interested in learning more. Jobs Time Pass some of that investment Otherwise, the investment center and make time to empty the thing. Non beneficial as well. must be good before you decide to do. Job type speech Times. There are several types such as Work more hours per day. Temporary Job for work at home. Each task will be different according to their individual aptitudes, such as law / lawyers /. Marketing / Marketing trunk Translation / Interpreter Education / Training / Human Resources. Transportation / documents / drive Computer / IT / Internet / Web site / network. Advertising / Public Relations. Engineering / craftsmanship. Horoscope / Prediction fate / astrology Power supply installation repair phone Singer / Musician / show Import


Agree, because working students earn for extra income and It also helps reduce costs for parents. And also build Good conscience. Learn save the money and of their own money to be used is required or what I have without having to interfere with parents. Some universities have a very high cost. This is difficult for parents. Therefore working during their studies and no effect on learning considered a benefit for students on campus. And also the students learn about discrimination at work and time manually. About self care. Manage your life. Create their own leadership. Decide for yourself. And use free time to be useful. Because the current study at university requires a lot of money. And some students spend much money And to work are not honest. Therefore, jobs for students are considered revenue to the students another way by which students can not go wrong career. Therefore Topics "it is important for college students to have a part time job. " Strongly agreed that it be provided or students during class work together with the need not to affect learning for students. And the third vehicle to help students. To have a job and money, along with learning. Dang it, Learning to work together. Is a good thing.


I think college students should do Part time job period of study in university. To enhance the experience has actually worked in the future. Part time job will sustain the skills and aptitude in solving the immediate problems. College students should use personal preference in choosing a Part time to part time work that is so fun and not boring. Because that make you know kind of job do you like, real or not. Part time job can earn money for you. It will be help parents in costs of your life and training you about manage schedule of yourself. You must be punctually and patient in work. That will be a good habitually. This will be useful for real work in your future a lot. And the last, part time job that benefits you more than just money you get from working. That you will earn skill and methods solving the immediate problems in work in the real world. The Part time job must make you growth to be a responsible adult, have good decisions and make myself find yourself what is true love works. I hope that my essay will have to follow those who lead and help make them successful in their future career.


I think, a part time job is important for college students because it make me received experience and money. I think it is a good thing. Especially for poor students, can learn to work together. Experience from working will help us be more responsible for myself and help alleviate family burden. If I want money, I can find it by myself. I do not ask for money from parents. If I need anything. I'll buy it with myself. It is good and impressive, I can make money with myself. I received a lot of knowledge from part time job and it taught the way of life and live together in society. It make me adapt to others as well and it make me an adult. Students should be working on learning experiences and difficulties in the money of their parents. It makes me love their parents more. If I can work part time with learn, my parents will proud me. From part time job it makes me know that making money is difficult. I was saving the people. Spending money only what is required and don't luxuries. I can bring savings to spend on necessities. When there is no money. And give the money for my parents to use.


I agree that college students should have a part time job. When you study in college, you have to spend a lot of your money. You have to pay many things every day. For Thai student, you get money from your father, mother. You haven't earned money by yourself. It's a good idea to have a part time job for reduce duty of your parents. When you have earned your money by yourself, you will proud. And you will know when your parents have to work hard for earn a lot of money. You will know how much they tried. Even if it's just a little way to reduce parents' duty, their will proud of you. When you have a free time from your study, you should spend your free time by find some job. Spending your free time in this way can make a lot of useful. Someone doing a part time job in the supermarket as a cashier, in the coffee shop as a waiter or waitress. You can do anything that it's not illegal and it does can make you earn some money. I think you can find an experience. You can learn how to work, how to keep your money and will find yourself what you love to. In future you can find a job that suit for you. Then, college student should have a part time job.


When you are the college students that mean you are older. The college students should be more responsibility for everything such as your life, your learn and your money. Most college students always pay a lot of money for useless things; new cloths, new shoes, cosmetics and parties. Some students have rich families, but others haven't. So they have to do a part time job. I disagree for it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because I think if you reduce the useless activities, you can save a lot of money. Learning in college is very hard, so you should concentrate and attend the class. But the part time job has good advantages. You will have more experience from the classes and you can use it for applying for the job in the future. You should save your money because in the future, you have to make your good life, buy the house, buy the car, get marry, etc. And in the other hands, a part time job can make you a good employee. You must be on time for the job, have abilities for work skills, have good work ethics, and get along well with your co worker.


A part time job is an occupation which one enjoys and takes part in during Ones spare times. It isn't a regular job because we can do a part time job whenever we want to do and many hours that you need to work. Wages of a part time job is about thirty five bath per hour, but if the day you work is a holiday you will get money more than usual double. You get double wage, because you must sacrifice your personal time to live with your family for go to work. Because of educations are important things for collect students, so if collect students don't have a good knowledge. In the future they may not have a good job and have a less opportunity than collect student who have a good knowledge. I think if some collect students who can't support their tuition fee, they should have a part time job, because it can help to lighten their parents about tuition. I think it not only collect student who have not a good status can work a part time job, but collect student who want to have special auxiliary allowance can work it, too. It make you feel impress when you save up the money that you earn with your effort, and you sometimes deplore to use this money to buy something that you need by this money. I think it is a good way to save your money. When we work a part time job it give we more utility such as it give we more experience how to train to work with other people in the future, have a good relationship with colleagues, we will get more responsibility for work and we will know how to allocate times for your work.


As a college student, I slightly agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job because we are grown up and if we have a part time job we can spend our time preciously not just only waste it for the useless reasons such as hanging out, shopping, playing games, going to the cinema or over sleeping etc. Having a part time job means that not only you earn some money by your own but also you will learn many interesting experiences from your job and of course, it will be good for our future when we apply for our jobs after we graduated because we have experiences. And for the money that we earn by our own, we will be proud of ourselves. But it is not necessary that all of the college students have to have a part time job. We can spend our time wisely on our campus life. For instant, studying, doing campus activities, playing sports, arts or music, etc. See that we can get the experiences even we do not have a part time job and we can spend our time improving our skills, making friends and learn something new etc. To sum up, I think it is good to have a part time job but it is not a must do thing.


"Why college students should have part time jobs?" I think this topic is so faithless for me, because if the college students have their part time jobs in their free time instead doing their homework or reading their books, their will waste their essential free time that their parents want them to do their best at learning. The things that the college students should really do are pay attention on their learning and their study responsibilities. My reasons that show why college students shouldn't have a part time job are 3 reasons. First, they must to do their best on their studying so they mustn't waste their free time for doing the part time job. They must use their essential free time for reading books or something else that will make them improve their learning ability. Second, their parents must to work hard for sending them the money for their learning at the university. It's not a few money, but it is a lot of money that they have to sacrifice their energy and their time for it!!! Third, the part time jobs will make them tried, and will result in their studying. They will feel tried, don't want to learn and they may be slept in their class. So, these reasons make me believe that the part time jobs are not suit to college students.


College students should have a part time job because now teenagers. Often timed to the nonsense Part time job so will enable teenagers to use to benefit also. Teens also want in on your goals for the future work will use the experience from working part used as part of the work will help build the necessary habits such as Responsibility, sacrifice, work with others The habits of these much needed work on our real future. Part time job now is to choose as many interests as BBQ Plaza, MK, etc. Depending on aptitude and interests of individual Part time working, and from experience we can in a matter of working with others, including how to fix problems that may occur in the future. In addition, Part time working can reduce the waste on the parents of the costs as well. If we can make money by working part time job, we do not want anything to interfere for the parents. Looking to the future, if we are experiencing of the work experience would have more opportunities than others so the company can choose to view that experience is very important. Part time working is great but if not properly allocate it may negatively impact on the course. Therefore, we should split time with both the appropriate When we divide the time properly would impact on both learning and part of us Part time working is a good thing. It helps to have experience in youth in the matter of work. If the range space of time learning that we can try to apply somewhere working part is not necessarily experience may help in the matter of a fork in your future.


I think that having a part time job can train the teenagers how to earn money and let them know that it is not an easy thing to make money. Then they will use their money more and more carefully. Besides, I think that being a college student, if we want to buy something we really want, we should earn money by ourselves, not using the money of our parents. Using our own money, we will not feel guilty anymore. Or if the kids can give the parents the money that is earned by them, their parents will be very happy. Natapong Waiyaworn was eight hours shy of a college degree when me found myself in a bad place: broke. With no money to pay for tuition, I feared that my only choice was to drop out. Then suddenly a small scholarship came through for me. "I passed my courses that semester, and I was able to walk across the stage, " I says. "I don't know if I'd even be a teacher today if I hadn't. " A first generation college student, Natapong came from a hard working family who had little money to spare. As a student at Nanangpattanasuksa School, I had hoped to study engineering after graduation. That didn't work out, but a Kasatsart University scholarship allowed him to start college right out of high school. "The scholarships were really what kept me in school when I had exhausted all my own funds, " he says. "Thankfully they always came at the right moment. "


I somewhat agree with this. It's has both Pros and Cons to have a part time job. First I'll explain the good thing to have a part time job. I think most of student has problem about saving money. They earn limited money from their parents. So it's very necessary to have apart time job. It can help student in several case. 1. It can make students use their free time for advantage thing. When they finish class instead surfing the Internet, having a part time job. 2. It may help they learn new experience and skill of life for living in now and future. 3. It can make they are responsible and diligent. Second, having a part time job also has bad thing because some college student doesn't have enough time to have a part time job. They must study hard and do activities in their university and it is difficult and don't convenient to go to work because they don't have a car or motorcycle belong to themselves. Sometime some part time job give salary unsuitable such as some part time job may give a little salary despite student must work hard and maybe employer might threaten student and make them stress. but sometime student can have a part time job if they have free time.


Education is the one of the most important things in human life. Nowadays, some parents do not have enough money to send their children to the college, that is why some students need to have a prst time job to make money for their education. For students to have a part time job is something good because they can have job experience for the future, their parents can save a lot of money. Having a part time job while studying is hard but it is good to have. First of all, they can gain a lot of work experience while they are working on their part time job. They can many things from their work mate or their boss while they are working. Life experience is something that they can not find in college, they have to go to work to have that thing, it can helps life in the future easier. Without work experience, you could not be a part of some big company. A second reason why having a part time is good is they can help their parents save a lot of money. They can earn some money by having apart time job and have some left to use, so they do not have to ask more money from their parents. Their parents would be proud of them because they can have their own money without asking from their parents. In conclusion, for students to have a part time is good because they can have work experience while they are still studying, and they can also help their parents save a lot of money.


College students should have part time job. It can be an extra experience to student's life. The first, the part time job causes them being an adult. For example, they have to solving the job's problem by themselves. Second, students could be more responsibility person, because they have to done their entire job on time. If they do not finish their job, their salary could be decreased. Including with homework and housework, homework and chores were done thoroughly on time. Teachers and parents obviously see the student's improvement. Then they will have management skill. They should manage their own salary, and they would know the way to use money with the highest value. It can cause you to help your parents to save money. Next, the part time job causes new attitude to the students. The students will understand the real world situations that learned from the part time job. They would know the real world that it does not comfortable like their home, so that is useful with your lifestyle. The fifth, they will be a good communicative person. They could be a fluent speaker person, because they have to communicate with customers while they are doing their jobs. Good communication causes you to have self confidence. To sum up, the experience gained from the part time job is priceless. The students would have more benefit skills to use with their life.


