In present many teenagers use the money to wasteful so some teenagers find for the method in order to give more money to use. That method is having part time job after school. Teenagers be trained about science and theories at school is not enough to prepare them for adult life, parents must think about a way to make them familiar with the older, tougher and wider world by the encouraging them to take a part   time job. Once in a while I indulge and spoil myself with something expensive. Since I was working, my mother declared that she was cutting off my allowance. When she was still giving me allowance, the phrase spending money like water was all too familiar with me. There was this a little store in the mall called Sanrio Surprises where all my money would flow. Anything new there was what I invested my precious allowance in. It did not even matter what it was or how I was going to get it; I just had to get it no matter what. The best reason for encourage the teenager to take a part time job is to make them learn how hard money is earned.


When students are available from school, it is a good idea to have part time job. The benefits for having part time jobs are as follows. Firstly, students have extra money for school. Students can help family to support themselves by earning money from part time job. There are some places that students can do part time job when they are free during the weekend or weekend such as cinema, food shops, passengers and etc. Many students can have income when being as college students that is very good to do because they will be very proud themselves. The extra money can also support their family because some of them may have some problem about financial. Many students have to drop school so they must help themselves. Second, experience, of course that gaining experience is important. In a present, many company require students to have experience so a student that got experience is better than non experience. Last, making new friends. This is a small part but I think it's interesting to have new friends in part time job. We can share our knowledge and share other experience. We learn and understand each other. It make us to be friendly and easy going. So I think not just only three points, but many points to have part time job.


In my opinion, Part   Time Work is a job in which an employee does not work full in hours or not a permanent job. So it stated like that because we don't have to do it like a serious stuff not like study. However, I think having a job is important but I will suggest someone that want to work part time job that don't overdo it, but working is necessary to gain experience before graduating from university. Many students work part time jobs to supply themselves with additional funds. Working part time is ideal for students, since it allows them to balance their academic needs with their school needs. Often, a school will provide a list of available part time jobs for the benefit of students, and many college towns deliberately tailor their openings for students. They don't have a lot of hope for the future, except that it won't get worse. I support that if we want to help family and pay extra we have to do part time job. For example, if parents pay 5000 baht per month, have to pay for dormitory for 2500 baht, we have only 2500 baht to spend. We have to eat and pay for many things. We shouldn't ask with parents more. We should find job to reduce the money from parents. They will not tired to work because they are old.


Part time work is important to students. Although work is different, such as sales workers, etc. But what is to come back. A valuable experience not available in the classroom. Today, finding of new graduates is difficult for most companies work hard to individuals with experience. To have work experience it is important to students. In time to finish the university. Students then have not less. To find work during school. This is a job for a lot. May be employed through the university or find a supplier to the self. Examples of working part time at 7 eleven the service. Those from the expertise of working in your career, human relationships and learn to correct errors and self development. Therefore say that. Experience from the work that has value. Depending on the students themselves that are working hard. To experience from working much. Students have many different reasons to want to work like money to do anything for leisure. Concluded that experience by working part time are important things to be back is knowledge shall be self Human relationships with colleagues. Learn about working hours and break time, knowledge and expertise in that line all to improve and develop their own following.


All of students at university must use a lot of money because life at university has different from high school. It has many new things to pay such as we must pay a lot of books for use in learning. Then we should have a part time job because students like us must pay a lot of money not only buy books but also we use money for buy cloths, for travel with friends and for use at the entertain things. If all of students have part time job is very interested because we can have money by myself and part time job can help us for manage time don't waste time at dormitory in play game online or chat online and sleep in the bed. If we have part time job at university I think it can help us for future career because we can manage time and service. Part time job is very important for all of students but it can damage us if we cannot manage time for study and job. Then if we want to have part0time job we should make sure that we can manage time for study and for job don't fail of both. I don't disagree to have a part time job but students should know what is benefit or necessary for them to do.


If students work part time work to make random the schedule and work is not illegal. It also made good time to befit. Because most students may not be as good. Depends on the money home and working part time as part of helping alleviate the burden of home and training to recognize their responsibility. The money is about saving some student want to be different of China has bought not just money being home some students and sleeping rooms are merely. I think find a job as department stores or facilities do use the time to practice the benefits of their own saving in time of need. Working part time, we will know the responsibility of having to work more or less. But a stand must see that work to be done manually it is appropriate or not. But if work is not appropriate to themselves will result in work out bad or abusive. Part time jobs that are both heavy and light has both advantages and disadvantages, if interested in part time, if done too much may result in lessons. Working part time because most of the work very late to quit, resulting so no time to read a books and rest. Therefore, is it necessary to work part time students, if students know the best time to divide.


I agree with the part time work because of the beneficial use of leisure time. I can have the money to spend on each of the study other. Many place to work, such as restaurants, convenience store, shopping mall, dress store. Go to work after school better than go to party with friends. Have party with friends, we spend too much money. I can't save money but if we go to work. We have money to save. Father and mother will happy if we can have money by ourselves. When I spend money that I have from work, I feel happy because it is my money. The money that my father and mother give to me, I save it and pay for study. Work also help me to strong and be adult. I know to decide when I have problems in work. I know how to talk to boss, friend, buyer. I try to make everyone happy. When I am at home, I do reports, homework. I will read book because I know I don't have too much time to read book but I try to do my best. It is very good to work when I am a university student. I can feel I grow up.


Most students also study and work part time activity is one that most students like to do together. Time students from the classroom to read sports, games, shop, and relax. Most students work needs money. What people want is money collected, must. What equipment to buy jewelry, clothing cycled, sports, phone, portable computers, wool cap, tennis shoes, or helping students to work as a compensation, which will enable students to think for hours per hour depending on how much work, that easy or difficult. Therefore, students need to have a part time jobs to meet demand. That can make money by themselves and for the experience of working with the students in higher education. before students are responsible for school only to have a quality person. So many people look at college as an opportunity to socialism, to find themselves and to explore the world before going out into it. College has been defined as a "safe place for young people to grow." Some students don't know the value of work experience and how it can enhance the educational experience. At least one semester of work would benefit ALL students.


I think the important part because of the work only part time will have their work during free time students. The only time to be useful there. Did not take all to the dedicated work Most of the time it will be to study the main Because today is a part time work enables students to learn a great loss. Because students are divided into less time to learn to work out. Sometimes tired from working so I do not want to learn why it is claimed. No time to study it to work, but work part time because it is not considered damage. Is the time to be useful as well. The practice itself is the experience itself. To be used in everyday life and is considered part time work is beneficial in helping alleviate the burden because their parents do not have to interfere with money of their parents. When a problem or need money in their personal. Do not have to ask their parents and work part   time is considered allow us to recognize the value of money that the money came hard Will not come easy to exchange many things to do to sacrifice their own personal time. In exchange for money. And we know that parents have money to hard Therefore, we have learned that we should help parents save their parents and think about your obligation to send money. Let us learn as much as you love gave us Finally, the work that is considered part time student, but helpful souls to share the correct time and select the appropriate work for the study will not affect the course and do not affect the health of ourselves. And not cause trouble if anyone can be a good thing in the lives of students.


Yes, I do agree if student needs to do the part time after school. Right now the economy in Thailand isn't good at all, many people get lay off from their works and also hard to find a job even though you're a bachelor's degree student. To get a job in Mac Donald or some restaurants it doesn't make a lot of money but at least you can get experiences which valuable more than money. if you compare student who have been working and have an experience to another student who haven't been working nor have any experience, I think the one who worked have more opportunities. and it's also help out his or her family. Use their time wisely and not wasting time by getting a job is much more better. Many students get a better life from do the part time after school. We should not wait for help from others. We must help ourselves first, then we will be strong and ready to fight with any difficult thing after graduated from university. Parents won't worry about us and they will watch over our steps to go to be successful in the future by our own. I want to see Thai students can survive by themselves not just wait for parents help only.


The part time job, be the work that is significant, because, make a student has the income between study and take time free is born the advantage and reduce the expenses of parents, and at important make have an experience in the work knows the value of money more and more, there is the tolerance in the work and must take time out to that, ? study what time works, there is the responsibility before that and make us have money use, there is money buys individual when, we want by us who us must not beg for money from a guardian, but, we also the salary, at we go to work to are from our labor by oneself, make us is proud that, we, can make money use by oneself get and sometimes we, there is money is left with regard to us works can can pick, and sometimes we, can lead money returns a house has given a father and mother use, a father and mother, can lead money that us go to buy in a family, such as, water value, electricity bill, things to eat with rice value, can make a father and mother reduce the expenses in a family, and might have money is left keep to pick save, for keep use during necessary, repeated still training experience good, overtime work has been regarded as can is many good both of money and both of life experience, and training regulations in with,


Thai teenager will be tendency to work part time. More student like part time worke. Because them can part time work. When them finished learning each and every day, that them have freetime and them want make money by self, ample student ought to work in mall, example cashier, servant, pretty and not more than ability them. Mall is a center shop, which them like selecting shop. After them will observe to announcement from this shop, when the shop want overseer com in work shop. If them don't like this shop, them will going to others satisfied shop in mall. which I thing student of past time work can lessening expense of prarent. and them have experience before to work, when them finished learning. But if them do more part time work to neglect. student will have major to decline. In consequence so student should to split the time. in order to not problem source with any student. because them split time to learning middle do past time work. However if student can splitting time middle do past time and learning, I think every thing is well for them. that it is pride from part time work and make money by self, have experience before to work that is good for student.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. Nowadays, many things are go around us such as fashion, electronic things that always come to our life. Many people such as teenager always want some of them to be one of their lives. So, if they don't have money how can they do? Almost teenagers who want to buy things that they want but don't have money. They usually get or find a part time job to get money. There are many kinds of job such as waiter or waitress, cashier. Almost type of works is easy to do and it doesn't disturb their time table. So if they really want to get money, they can do it. And they can do it always not only part of time or short time but they can always get a part time job to get their money by themselves, too. Part time job is one way to improve them by help themselves how to arrange their time or money. For me, part time is a good thing to find money in the specific time and I can get money by myself not only wait my parent send me money but I can find it to help my parent, too.


In my opinion. I think part time job of Thai students are very good, because it help themselves and parent. If their family are poor them must work part time after finish class. Past time job are very necessary for some Thai student, because poor family. It does not easy for someone, but it easy for diligent student, because them must look for money for themselves. I agree with part time job and it is best idea for pool student. However study is the most important than part time job. It have time enough should make, but if not time should not make. Sometime working part time cannot help them, because working help look for money only, but it cannot help good study. If we look into point important of part time job, for example, look for money, using time and save money. After finish work them must do homework and get up to university working part time can make them have not time enough study. While them friend shopping, but them must work part time it very different. I would to talk past time job, it is necessary for some student for example. For pool student and them would like to help parent.


Education is most important to us. And anyone who wants to learn The most important part of the school. Tuition costs or sure enough. Most will come from loans for education. And the other one is to work Part time students who take leave from school. Enabling students to make extra income. Without having to rely on a lot of d house. Part time work now is more popular with students because of work Part time than it takes the indicators for the benefits already. Students can also make income without needing to rely on home Lighten the burden of making your home part. If the lobe of the importance of work Part time say that it is necessary for many students. In addition, students will learn in the room then squares. Students also have the opportunity to learn from work Part time with a learning experience that cannot buy them. And the most important thing is to work Part time is also to meet with friends at various institutions to work Part time in the same agency. What's most important work Part time for us to derive In addition to compensation already has significant experience and cannot find it to be. That it needed to work in the future after graduation. Because of this, most students struggle to find work Part time made many Part time job, and now has the role of student life and more work Part time training students to take this time to the benefit of living in a leak.


I agree with the statement with the part time job because of having experience for ourselves and to earn money after school for extra expenses in the study. If we have some chances to help our family we should do. We should not disturb our parents to find more money to support us. We are going to be adults in the social so we have to learn how to survive in the real word. Having part time job can teach us how we should react to the other employees and customers if we do the service job. Life is not that easy so we have to learn from part time job. We will be strong and ready when we graduate from university or school. If we decide to have part time job, we should manage the time. We should know when is the right time to work. Don't spend too much time on part time job but we should concern about our study, our homework from school. Study is more stability than earning money in short time. If we have a degree, the job is more stable for us. It is good to have a part time job but we should know when to have it and make decision.


The topic of Part time job. The last term at school I hear the past time job at my friends. They work of operator at one hotel in Bangkok. They told me News operator feels silly and shy. I think? Why they finished for them job. They say Experience is important than me. One man in them group, He stand and spoke his experience. But his spoke finished I'm look at him, he upper spoke English very well. I'm say Good job and Why? Why your work part time job?. He said My Parents haven't some money and I have a free time. I approve the part time job. I think it good to have part time job. Language can improve and they got paper for experience in work. We have money from part time job. I want to do but I have no a free time. On Saturday and Sunday, I have to do homework and help parents at home. I want o find part time job. Maybe when I will finish my study. I can prepare before doing a real job. I totally agree for the topic. College students should have a part time job in their free time. I will try but not this time.


I agree about the student work the part time. Some people should be part time jobs have reasons. The part time jobs influence the way of life with some student. The reasons of the part time jobs. I think students have past time because they have a lot of expenses in daily life. First, The student must reduce cost of parent or keeper. Sometime they want to buy thing and them can use money themselves. Second, the student would time management right person in the right job at the right time. Third, the student I think student should work past time because it practice that they know work. Money is important for everybody on today thus students would like to work past time more. Today all things it higher costs the expenses from parents is not enough so students must work past time. After that, the student can receive new experience and receive new friend. However students have work and study together it make they grow up as students who not work because work past time it make students have to be responsible better. The finally you must don't forget threshold of work you must be doing a bit work and development yourself to big project. You ought to rely on oneself for your future.


I do agree to the statement. Actually it is quite a good idea to support students to have part time job. I notice that friends in many countries such as USA, are having part time job since they are in high school but for Thai students is not really popular and supportive from families. Our families tend to support us to learn or study only because they believe that the more we can learn best the more we can get the good jobs. In Thai society, most of students are very supportive and protective from families. Many of them are not allowed to work while studying because they may not concentrate to school. They may not have a good opportunity if they got low grades or got F on their transcripts. So families support their children to have extra classes or further study rather than do a part time job. By the way, only few groups of students that they are not supportive. They have to find some jobs to support their extra payment. Some of them have to do full time job and study after working. If the part time job can bring us more opportunities such as having job records, many students may prefer to have part time job while studying.


I agree because the work is part time will make have the income adds from the free time, and can enhance the income between study or the income adds from other work, but, the work is part time must don't affect with the education or the study because I have homework. And work must not heavy too. This time, I must think where is the work that I can do to have moderately income only. And the work appropriate to the age and the time. I have free time on Saturday and Sunday. I must use money to travel and buy things to university. If the work is part time is worthwhile and are good, I will do work because majority people work part time prevent sure and the majority is a student in college or university because easy to find job and work is part time will make more money between study. The work is part time can reduce the expenses and decrease begging for money household from parent. Parent may happy if a child can work and help to pay. If a student want to work, find a good job no dangerous, not night club or work at night. Part time job must close the place to study because easy to go and save time. A student work is part time must have a good manage a study and work. Study must be important, but work is part time.


Part time job majority students will be to work. Someone to work for to look experience someone to work because with to look add revenue besides thing the parent. But someone to work for to self support because the position poor and can target to finish. In society of Thailand. There are many students must do part time job that occur several reason to do work. Why students must do part time job. First of all, For some student is poor status. They are usually borrow money from government to study that not enough money to study. So, students should do part time job. Second, they may be very experience from real job that teaching a lot. Such as, attempt, anger, honest and endure. It doesn't same study in the class room. Third, want money to buy books and food or something. Finally, they are use free time to be useful. This is very important reason because use free time for job better than shopping with their friend. Some people can thinking and understandable are most important. In my opinion student do part time job that is a good opportunity and most correct because part time job have useful a lot.


Using free time to benefit the art is a food thing and when people should be free for leisure activities or doing work for the Pats Time, we will have more work experience and additional working pats time both advantages and disadvantages vary. Using free time to work, it is necessary for our student, because after class or no class, that's time that we should be looking for work in order to earn the money to spend on education and personal expenses pats time will work with several different types formats to different service such as sales of various food served sheaf cache, select some and more working time speech will contribute to revenue by reducing the house again working pats time each task. We mast also consider appropriate. If we run such and should be a job that is not heavy and we do not wait. Physical fatigue and does not work too hard or if too much strain we are feeling tired body to study would not understand and most importantly the absence or the frequent call to attend. Working time required to student speech. As necessary for those with less liquidity in financial performance, a speech time help with the work we have a responsibility to practice on time and work experience to meet the problems that will come and we know that we have the ability much to use in the future


Part time job is to use free time to benefit in terms of revenue. This is a good working habits. About the time management. To optimize. Rather than let life pass day. Issues that nonsense. Because each day. We have at least 8 hours, which we tend to leave time to leave unfortunately. Together we can work part time job or even if it is just work part time Saturday and Sunday to earn extra revenue for the family another way. IT in the era of the internet part time jobs arising many You can get to do at home. You can schedule your own work. This will result in more time with his family. After that deal with everyday life is complete. In addition, leisure time, rest and reasonable. Can also allocate time to work part time to continue with. So I see that part time work is important because students work part time to Sara job opportunities. And provide work experience. Preparation before graduation. To add to the experience students have the opportunity to experience. Work with organizations that have dubbed voice. And clearly structured system to work more part time work allows students the opportunity to learn. And much put on understanding of IT market in Thailand and also work part time students have the opportunity to make use of knowledge gained from the study of institutions. Applied to real work. And allow students to use free time to benefit too.


I agree because with regard to a student has worked part time while he studies that with may train give he is a person who has the responsibility more and more and will make he knows the saving because he has worked and must make money by oneself then make him knows the value of money more and more. When that person go out for buying, he will think before buying. There are a lot of reasons pop up in his mind in order to make decision before take money out of his bag then give it the sellers. Having part time job is a practical to make someone being systematically because he will manage time table from school as well as time table from workplaces. It is hard to find individual students who can be successful in both areas in the same time because it is hard to do. In university, there are a lot of activities, and homework to do, although on weekend lots of them have to go to university in order to do the reports or group work with friends. There are very less time for having part time job. It is possible to have part time job, and I support that but the obstacle for college students is time available. So if a student who want to have part time job should do when he's free.


I agree with a statement that students should have a part time job while being in university or collage. It was working for extra income and to recognize the benefits of free time, and alleviate the burden on parents. However, work should be aware of their time from learning to work. If you do not know the correct time, work may affect the learning. Money from a short time may not be worth to take that risk. The students should be very careful and be very punctual. If they wish to do both, they have to be on time in classes or even finishing homework or projects. By the way, if they want to study only, they should not waste their time by watching T. V or having party with friends. I am not going to say that having party or have fun with friends are not good, but it should be in appropriate time. I agree with the statement but just want to give a caution to any students who want to have a part time job to keep manage their time table appropriately. I am sure that If they can manage time, they can be successful both studying and working.


I agree that college students should do part time job. But I have a few conditions to do. First, the job must be safe and appropriate for college students. many students love to do in the night club or bars which is not good. It is bad for their heaths and their looks. They are still students the work should be on day time or if have to do at night time the job should be appropriate such as in video shops, 7 11 stores. These places can work at night but I think it is appropriate but students have to manage time because in the morning they have to go to school. Second, yes know how to manage time. Part time job mean do it when available or after school and do it as a short time or temporary. Not a permanent job so students should not focus too much for working. They should think part time job is thing to do to earn extra money but not main part of their lives. I understand some of them have to support themselves but study is also important. For many open universities, the students have more time to have full time job and study as the part time. But for government universities or close university ( students have to do entrance exam) students have very less time to go out and work while studying so it may hard to find a job to do because of full time table for study. If students know how to control themselves and manage time, I believe that they can do well for both.


Working part time is doing at free time. I think that students should do this work because it can make us experience. Furthermore I can help my parent while they toil every day. Although I would do this work, I know learning the most important. I should take time out right. Some people must not do this work, they will not have freedom. However, I am not change their idea. In addition to doing work I can give for time with reading. In doing this work, it can make me parent when they tried for me. But learning I should not quite so. Although I can do in pairs together. I should look after health my own, so should not heavy work. Student must have duty to learn and consequently good effective. But doing part time which everyone can use knowledge of their own and apply into work. In addition to applying can help me for learning in class or not teacher. I can learn form do part time and share knowledge of friends. However, learning are important more than do work, they should do in pairs together. Also, if you think to work you may be make yourself diligent and manage with time. You should make a good consider.


In my opinion. I strongly agree to this. The part time job is important for students because it should save parents' money. Today, money is problem for study because anything, such as book, notebook, and anything for study from money. When they will leaning out the school/university, so they are use money for mile. They should pay for restaurant, and anything. However, beside part time job should save parents' money. Part time job help many experience for student, such as new communication, new knowledge, use language, funny, interesting in surrounding and people, and good new friendship. When students are working part time job. They are meet many people bring about to communication from talk with customer. Beside, they can be practices personality when they service to customer. When they learning from procedure working and train for use language from talk with customer. During they are working part time job. They are receive interesting in surrounding, such as from colleague, from employer, and customer also they are receive happiness, funny and laugh. Be important, they are receive new friendship from working. Besides these benefits can lead us many good things, they are have opportunity for use free time receive benefit highest.


You see the impression that work part time students is an important event. Work part time job is to promote income students to make time savings for the benefit and does not interfere with the drug is considered very good. For I think that work part time is important, however, if the activity or study in it that we need to focus on learning the importance of the work behind the back of that we have worked part time is a good thing because the. We have extra income help alleviate the burden on parents and also the time that benefits result in savings I have what I buy without asking money from parents is teach your own as practice patience hard match. time and also learn otherwise, and we experienced an increase. If we are industrious and economical, we will have more money to be sent home available. We are proud parents is good in school and work performance, and may have some family time at work than we do not want to learn more than we want the ball home because the money their parents sent to over to the work itself but the reason is not good because children will get used to spending so on time and with no benefits, but I want to invite people to use free time to benefit by working. added better money indefinitely. Work part time jobs to support the revenue helps to alleviate the burden of home and leisure time greatly benefit the students away from drugs and the savings experienced.


I agree because to work part time will take us to have experience from outside the classroom. Experience is more interesting than money or salary we will get from part time job. Many students think that part time job is not necessary when a college students, but for me it is necessary. It's necessary for gaining experience. I think I should be ready for work right after I finish my study or graduate. If I do part time job, my steps of experience will start from 0 but will continue to some steps like 2, or 3. When I go to work after graduate, my experience for working may start from 2, or 3 levels that I said but if I wait until I finish study the step of work experience will start from 0. I think it may too late or too slow to have that at that time. So part time job for me is a preparation to be ready for work in real life. The part time job will teach students to learn to work with others and how to respond for their duties. I think it is not damage study because we do after class or when available. It is better than go shopping or watching TV at home. Go outside and get experience from work, is should be for college students.


Keeping a part time job helps you learn to budget and handle money. If you have specific bills that need to be paid every month, such as the car insurance or cell phone, you will learn to budget so that you have enough money for them. This will make independent living less of a shock later on, when you will have multiple bills (rent, groceries, utilities, student loan, credit card, etc. ) to pay monthly. Having some of your own money also makes you appreciate its value. You may think twice about a purchase that you do not really need if it is coming out of your hard earned paycheck. Working part time during college will build your character. Most of the jobs available to college students are very humbling. After you experience life as a waitress, or a janitor, or a sales clerk, you will become that much more grateful for the opportunities that a college education will provide you in the future. You will realize that the world does not exist to wait on you hand and foot, and that if you want to get something, you have to give something first. Customer service jobs in retail and food service require you to work with challenging people, but after seeing how things are on this side of the counter, you will approach the world with a much more compassionate attitude.


For me, I think it is good to have part time job so I agree with the statement. In part time jobs are important to some students because some students go to school far away and there is not enough money to pay the charge for extra income to spend money to help the family home will do to that. reduce the cost of home to do that Some students Cross kitchen as bad no one sent free of charge is to work part time in order to help themselves and will be Sue's personal items relating to the operation. But some students learning to think outside of work time is not important to think a lowly job at less money to do some tired Khi Sen made the club do together. No idea to help the home is, but ask for money to pay the other day without thinking about people and home to some that he was tired how over the money to send it to us if students wishing to work part time, good people support, no one that But work is not honest to not hurt someone makes a bad school, but I think for part time jobs are important to me.


Have you ever done a part time job? What do you think about it? Of cause when you are in college you thinking about having more money to buy what you like. If you have a lot of free time and you don't know what to do. I should say that why not you try part time job. Part time job can give you many profits. The most important is the part time job can give you money and help your family save money. If you can find money by yourself you don't need to tell your family to give you money that is the way how your family can save money. You should do part time job if you have free time. It is better than you just sit still at home and didn't do anything. Past time job can give you a lot of experiences that you can use after you graduated and working. For example, if you doing a part time job in supermarket you will know how to selling a thing and you will know a lot about marketing. Now a day, In Europe America Japan, most of teenagers do part time job because they want to get money and experience. Are you the one who let your free time past and gone or you are the one who use it benefitly?


I think when you are college students, You should concentrate for study. If you have a part time job while you study, you do it not extremely. You shouldn't do two things in the same time. If you have part time job, you could have enough time for reading or free time for relaxation. Although you have much money but you haven't life while study. You could have not time for your friend and family. You won't do something, you want to do. You could try for studying and part time job. Do you think ? if you have much money but you don't have friend. Are you happy? But if you think more. When you have part time job, you have experience more many people. There are advantages and disadvantages, we should be very selective and careful to choose. Part time give you experience and money but you may lose friends in the university and you may fail the study because you don't have time to revise the book and do the homework. Studying only, you may study very well, concentrate to the study, classroom. You have interactions with your teachers and your friends in the university, you may have good friends, close friends but you don't have experience for working. But for me, studying only is better in this time.


Have you ever wanted to get some job? My answer was Yes, I have.. And I really think that everyone used to think. May be now or when you was younger or in the future. Part time job is a choice that interesting. I will tell you how to get a part time job. First you need to give yourselves the reason that why you want to get a part time job. May be your answer is you have a free time, you need the money or you want to do something different. It is up to you! But the important thing is Can you do the job by that reason. Even though it is a part time job but it needs your responsibility and your interest too. Second, After you get a reason you should think what a part time job that you want to do a cook, a receptionist, a driver, a waiter, a waitress or something like that. You should think of your abilities. For example, if you are talkative a receptionist, a waiter or a waitress is appropriate for you. And the last, you find a part time job in the internet, a newspaper or someone you have known. And prepare for your interview. Keep your look and believed in yourselves. Conclusion, These are the way how to get a part time job. Now let's find your part time job!


I think students in university have to do a part time is very important because it is practice before they congratulations from university and go to work in the future. I think student in university should do in part time job. For me, I am one person in my university have to do part time job. I always do part time job since I studied grade 8. I think it good for me. Part time job can give experience in work for me. Part time job made me become to patient person and have a new friend. I find new social from part time job. I spend my free time to part time job I feel happy because I think I can manage my time to benefits. I receive money from part time job and I divided my money to my parent. I can use money to travel with my family. I can buy anything what I want because it is my money. I receive it from I was work hard. May be part time job make me tired but it is funny. Part time job can increate quality in people. I agree student in university should do part time job.


From the topic, I do agree about doing part time because having job is the training gives a student has the tolerance and have the effort in making money and expenses saving of a guardian are light responsibility distribution of a family have of a student with and with regard to a student work the overtime study. It make a student knows can socialize different outside easy had made to adjust oneself with the condition at that time fast more than a person who not the experience in the sense of this comes to and the work make a student know to take time free to the advantage and make to know the worth of money more and more and know school hours administration vacate the office hours suit the business condemn of oneself well go up and on the other hand. If we work and make money by oneself and make us know the worth of money more and more and scratch will the care pay attention to others and know the work that us never to meet and meet the thing that us never to see and student source majority will work that are source student from provincial mostly.


It is important for college students to have a part time job Nowadays, part time is really important but in Thailand it not have to do it. In Thailand, the parents will give money to their children. Some family is force their children to only learning. Learning is not enough. Now is the evolution world, if children can find the money by themselves it good for their family. They can share the tired from their parents. The part time job has good benefit and disadvantage in the same time. The benefit about part time job it can share the tired from their parents, can have money for using, have new friends, know how to work, and can manage time. In time to work they can know that how to work and make friends in the same time. The disadvantage of it is when they work in night time, can have the bad event happening. Some time they back home and tire it show that not have enough time to review the lessons. Part time job has benefits and disadvantages in the same. If you can do it in the right way it will has a lot of benefit for you. You must manage time for your work and study well.


I think that part time work is good. It gives us experience in life. We also take pride in ourselves. We can bring money to the families we have as well as to know the value of money. It is not difficult to find work that allows us to meet more people. We should start to find jobs that we like to do or happy to do. Some jobs may pay in a very low rate but many students are happy to do because they can meet people, they can dress very nicely, and they can gain job experience from a very famous place. For example, some of my friends are working in Japanese restaurants, or brand name ice cream shops such as Svensens. They all are very happy even they earn not too much money but they say they like to wear the shop's dress and like to give services to people. They say they are very patients since they have a part time job. They have to understand the needs of customers and always clam down if someone complains. This is just example of good effects from part time job. We will know better than other if we have more views is what I want to add.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. I agree with this sentence because a part time job can help me to learn about life by myself. It used to practice working in the future, such as teach me something for stay with other persons or help myself. Sometimes if we study in class only, maybe we don't have new experiences. You might have bad or good experiences from a part time job. If you work at KFC restaurant, you will see many strangers and then it makes you can used your skill in knowledge for talk with them. If you meet foreigners you can talk with them easily, because you passed a part time job already. I think a part time job is one of many ways to practice ourselves to work in the future. It might help you to be a good work and not be lazier. And working a part time job makes you both take a lot of money and experience for your life. And finally, if you want to be a good worker, you need to do something for practice yourself, Sometimes, working a part time job, it can help you to be a professional in your working in the future.


I agree because a student has many free time from the education therefore we can work to go to with study go to all right with reduce the expenses household responsibility with economize help parents. We can do it when free and taking time free to take many the advantages. It is than stay at home and lie down or stay a room quietly nothing to do. But students must be making money adds between study when what is we have money then we can buy whatever we want. All right, I add more that work training can give us suits the social know coexisting has with the other have an experience in the work before graduate or might get work before graduate have an advantage over others friend and get learn a lot of in the work. We will know how to emphasize the word which comes in good expectancy with us and don't be well intentioned with us. There is persons to teach us, give us knows to take go with the colleague get learn the characteristics and the colleague that how is this person the work trains to give us has the tolerance and are on time teach give we have the honesty builds the work.


The work Part time is be significant. The work is Part time is the work that can make a student has the income between study, and it might intermittently a holiday from the education or, may be after school or, the period is on vacation and students will get money then can make a student can to work after school, the work is Part time, there is various kinds student majority will go to apply for a job or, work area a shop, the food shop and a hotel etc., the work is Part time, be valuable for a student to have many a good side neither are will help in term value, the value comes to study, and a little expenses in the everyday life if, have no the work Pat time, as a result, may make many person students are distress torn the income have no money s in all expenses, majority student likes to work in a shop because, the work in a shop has cold air conditioner, work is comfortable and have good income etc., Part time, be necessary work builds [ wasp ] a student because, can build the income gives with a student and give a chance to give a student train to work during a holiday and are the push give a student know to take time free are born the advantage don't go to associate with the narcotic, there is the income between study and is the helping give parents can economize as well.


Part time job Part time jobs are something that students should do today. Part time jobs now, able for students do to save some money and have some experiment for use in the future. Today, there are many places that students have part time jobs for example: minimart or restaurant. Every student has their own reason to do part time jobs. First is family's money problem. Some families don't have enough money to pay for every member. So the students have to do part time jobs to help their own families. Next is student's wanted. Some of students work part time jobs because they want to buy some staffs by their own money and another reason is, they try to not bother their family. However students still need their family help to make sure they have enough money to buy what they want. Part time jobs are somehow important in some student's life. It helps them and gives experiment to the people who work. No matter what the part time jobs are good to do it and for sure if you want to work part time jobs, you should set time to work and study. If you don't set the time it will be mess.


Part time that is not Permanent work made monthly. Temporary People is doing this is that the variety of career Because working hours It takes space. After routine Or daily activities such as If the Students of Pure Plant Tree John different university or institution to Agree with the type of work Permanent Unlike general. The difference is that work is apply for a part time job after school or evening, evening weekend of regular workers generally. And both day and night, it was work. The forces at work and not work hard. Are classified as work for people who want to work Permanent. In his spare time with several jobs, such as shops, restaurants, bookstores convenience store SEVEN S & P and KFC Macromedia Lotus, Big C Car Full central work this fit student lot was money well get the knowledge ingrained. To open their own business. Experience working directly for Part time work is a boss and the wasp. I immediately knew any. To apply for Part time jobs. Once and then do some people to find work Permanent. Most students will be spent. Without thinking that money is limited, it is what students want to find work in time to benefit and not a time with futile.


If you never do something special in a university life, you should try to find extra work to do more. At least they have the money to use during class. I know it's tired, if compared to those who study only. But if you ask me that is happy or not, I said clearly that I am happy with the money I acquire or earn by my own. I am very proud to tell anyone that this is my money, the money from my effort. My family still pays me but I can save more money into my bank account. Someday I plan to study in other countries so when that day comes, my family won't pay much or pay very less for the study. Not only money but I learn from a lot how to be a strong one. When I think to the past, I see a lot of mistakes that I do about using money. It's like when I want to buy drinks or foods or clothes, I just spend and very careless. Then I become broke. My parents don't know that I have to borrow money from friends. But now, I have to be another new one. I learn how to work and save money and I feel happy every time I got money from my boss. Like everyone to know that I can and do good. So everyone can do it.


Agree, because there will be additional revenue. And leisure interests as well as the three car experience to use in the future. We plan on time. With an adult. To what would have to buy it. Without asking for money from their parents And also makes them proud of us. Our own actions and also the value of the model even more money. About saving money because it will come a time very tired, rather than acquisition. And also the knowledge and ability to meet new people and make things very broad upward. Better use of leisure time to travel. To play games that are not beneficial to the society and we have more unemployment and social problems, I am a part time job that is necessary for students to even make the time to learn. Less leisure, but we need to plan. The time is not so bad about learning to know their time is just this happy with a part time job. So I agree to do it. don't say that no time to do. everyone got 24 hours. So it about to manage and make it good. Plan must good. Then study and work will be good both.


The students have to work with part time by looking forward to life experience and they have earn. I agree that if they will work between learning. It will share the burden of their parents and they are not take the time to use the bad example with drugs. When we are completed the job, Then people would have been easy because we have experience in working but working on it during school. Part time is a disadvantage out of study result in waste. Some people, they have not interested in learning. It have study a problem up unit the poor. It is running a money incentive to work rather than school. Therefore, The problem children out of school, then turn fully to work together and they can lead to inadequate sleep rest. When they are sleep in inadequate sleep rest. When they are sleep in the classroom and learn to behind others, but if they work, they have experience. It is build to self and set us a more responsible in learning, working and training us to be more mature if it know work it will be tired than money. We will spend a sufficient create a good habit to themselves.


Student, It's likely that you will have to find a way to supplement the costs of your studies. Temporary or part time work is a good way to earn costs while giving you time to study. It doesn't matter if you're at school, college or university plenty of your peers have and continue to manage part time job, so there's no reason why you shouldn't be able to manage it too. The following tips might help you find a part time job. Most students try and take work that they can easily fit a round their study. This usually means shift work, such as working in a bar or restaurants, which can be changed around week by week. Call center are another popular choice. Competition for these sorts of job will be fiercer so if you think you will meet to work it is always best to organize a job as soon as possible. During the holidays the free hours that you can work are obviously a lot more and this is when most students take on full time but temporary work in places when they can earn more money, such as in offices. Factories and houses also take on many students although the work can be very hard. Again, competition means that you school organize suck work quickly, preferably before the holidays begin so that you can start work as soon as your studying stops. Find out some of the more unusual job to that students have taken to earn that extra cash. For holiday work, you may want to consider pursuing a job that will provide you with some experience for your long term career goals. The careers service should have contacts in a variety of industries and can help you organize a placement.


I agree with the statement. Think about to promote the work that can earn money to support themselves. You can make many friends. Can bring knowledge to use in everyday life. Promote this is not difficult to find. Which is everywhere in our country. But some people have their main occupation. Supplement this work can be classified in several categories using both Internet. I am a person who worked to supplement and told that she has a good kind of work. I am a student I need to supplement existing work to earn money for themselves. Supplementary work, we have learned many of the services and management, but I belong to a service like my own because it is a cheerful person like say love to talk. Operating income supplement that I've done it about 2000 Baht is not fair for the money that me. I still have parents assist financial operation, but added some of this, I guarantee that it is great for me to have a part time job and not only me for all students who wish to have experience and new friends. We must dare to think out of the box and try to do something challenging. Having part time job could be one of them to enhance your abilities.


I agree that work part time be both good and bad for students. work part time for overtime studies is good for broaden one's view in the life takes time free is born the advantage trains learning goes to in oneself and are habit learning of oneself for reinforce the personality have of oneself and still develop the craftsmanship go to continually until the success in the work that move to are a position, be a level and repair the personality of oneself who come out in the sight of others for, be born the confidence in the work, and determine, don't liberate the free time runs away by don't regrettable and relieve the condition of a guardian that, where is making money it distresses only ? more will make money to come to each a baht, get learn the value of money more and more economize expenses in the everyday life cause the pride that make money can come to with oneself by must not have should a guardian can shop for at oneself want and still apply in all work of the human nowadays the work have a role more and more very much if, we have no our money cannot stay on this world has because, a human has will the necessity to will must use money, using money in the ever day life for live.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. In my opinion, I agree with the part time job is important for college students because I think it was necessary with college students. A part time job is good things for help students have a good experience. It will teach you that you should to do. The part time job will help you have saving. And then you have money so you can help your parents. Now, the part time job is population and most of interesting for people who want to earn money. It makes you usefully time. It will make you have honest and have ability. And the part time job will get the good experience for college students. Then it will make you to be a good work. And you can use your experience when you work your part time job for daily life. You can practice you every skill before work in future. I think that the part time job is very important for everybody. It is a good education outside the classroom. It can teach you every thing that you want to know. When you do part time job you will be fell good because you will very proud of yourself. When you can earn money themselves. And you can make your parents proud of you.


Working part time is doing at free time. It can make a revenue to doer. Who work a part time job will get an experience in their work. Unless, it can teach you about improve yourself in society. Except working part time have a good things, but it have another bad effect. Also, if you think to work, you may be make yourself diligent and manage with time. You must not do more work because it will make you to bad learn. If you think to working part time, you should make a good consider. You should ask your parent about working part time. It will make a little money. It cause of you get a new thing. And you will get a new friend in your office. But it shocked you have not a time for study. May be you fail an exam because you have not a time for study. You must manage in your time work. Besides, you will intend to study. It will cause pass an exam. It does not have free – time. But you must sacrifice in a free  time for your work. However, I think you do not have to work when you learn. You should intend to study for a good job in the future. Because, you do not have to use high  price produce.


Today, money is important that people working part time most popular will be the students who want to earn extra money, because today is rare and is the main factor in everyday life. The cost of living. Studies have cost so much extra revenue for the school by working part time as a cost of purchase. Their own clothes without asking for a constituency of parents, I think that part time job is to encourage students are encouraged to do. In addition to the payment as an expense but also as a training experience before going to work with the real company so that they know the system to work. Although they have to start to learn the system in the work place again but by working experience when was college students will help them to learn faster than others. Because they already experienced that. They can apply knowledge from school plus knowledge from workplace into their real job so that they can be a good employee who work very quality and may got promotion easily than others because doing job very good. So to have part time job is good to prepare themselves to get ready to do the real work, it is good to do and worth to do so.


I agree with having the part time work when we are college students because we have free time to benefit our lives after school. Working part time gives us income, we have more and lighten the burden of the family. However, working part time, it has disadvantages as well. Because it gives us a little time to rest. And have the time to read with less preparation. And could cause our poor test scores or may fail. Students must give important for study first then do part time work later. We can grow up if we have part time job because we work and study in the same time. We see many people and work with stranger. We meet customers that difficult. It is hard to talk to them and make them happy so we must find techniques to solve the problem. When we know how to solve problem, we will grow up for sure. Study is good but should find experience so we can use experience in the future. We will very proud ourselves to earn money and help family. The family will proud us too. But we have to find good job, not work at night, and they have security at work. So to have the part time work should agree. I support this idea.


Past time work is suitable work with students. Because most students will have free time. And students also take this time and the benefits of the Past time working students are also spending money or buying the necessary accessories for use in everyday life. I agreed to work Past time because students will earn the school. But it should not overworked. Should choose a job that does not make itself stressful. Time we have to study hard. Need time to be divided. Time employment should send teachers to help friends that do not work alone but not interested in sending teachers to work past time and promiscuous, but not study hard. I regret the time grades come out. If the grades sent to parents, parents may regret the past time of many types of jobs, we need to see if we cannot pass. Must allocate the right time is the time course study I work part time at work. If we divide our time may not be stressful to work past time to a good one and lost another good part is the revenue the school. Experience in the work And down all the money to finance The waste is. The rest is not enough. Time to study drowsy we could do that we want to study it without emotion is not enough rest time Past time jobs are important to students. It will be the time to benefit. Better left lost no time for anything more benefits. Past time work is good for students. And students have income to invest in learning. Or purchased for personal use. We can also provide training and have patience. And students to experience life. In order to think or solve problems in everyday life.


I think that work Part time is necessary in some people only because we work because I earn more in some parents have more money is not necessary to find additional revenue will not have to go to work because it will upset some people in the school year with a Hybrid because of insufficient work. La, we will not want to come to school tired. Some people have more money Part time jobs is not coming to school More money because I do not think the school has money. Good work that has a good payment. But some people need. There is no money. May need to send students themselves. Own money to eat. And may have to send money back to parents. Therefore it is necessary to work Part time, but must have enough speed to Hybrid will learn to work, but the possibility that we might be thinking about work Part time and get good money do not want to learn more. It may be wrong idea because it's educational to have a life because a lot of work today, we must take to apply to high Degree workplace. To be money well We should study more intended to work. Some people might think just that. I experience. Working only I should share a good time. Should take learning mainly should not be out of school to work and then leave.


A part time job carries fewer per week than full time job. In thailand, the number of part time worker is increasing quickly. There are many reason for working part time. Part time can be used in a student in high education. The most part time job in Thailand is the seller of the company and use internet in part time job, such as, hi5, facebook etc. to published the product. In my opinion, It is not important for college students to have a part time job. Because It may be affect in studying. They should intend in studying more than part time job. Some of my friends, who has a part time job, are used to persuade me to do part time job but I refuse it. Because the result of the exam of them and the reward of that job are not good. Some people use facebook to publish their good. I don't like them. Because, it's make me annoyed and the user of that facebook is not open the real information. Some of them use many users in facebook. For some people who have no money to study, the part time job is the choice to make money. They should consider the part time job that they are interested. Because some job maybe cheat them.


I'm agreeing with it. I think that a lot of money is the important for high learning because it will use a lot of money because it is mere expensive. The students may be don't enough of the money, so they should earn money for spend in the daily life by themselves. lf who is poor, he will work a part—time job. They can get a lot of money for education funds. Also, they can buy other stuffs. They can find a geed experience without study in the class. They will de something have a useful. A part—time job has many ways. They can choose time when they are free to work after class. They don't go to everyday, but they will get the money when they go there. It is easy prefer full time because they can have money between studies. They can work a jobs that their like. Many students work in the restaurant, the hotel, seven eleven and ethers shop such as waiters. waitress, receptionists, guide, seller etc. A part—time job helps they have responsible and a geed experience for them. The students must manage time because they are study and work it is hard for them.


If you still do not know myself what like what aptitude consider Part Time Work see what it would not hurt. Maybe you can find jobs for you in a short time because of work Part Time to work in a short period 1 month 3 months 6 months so that you can experience multi tasking. Better than the waiting job. Still do not know where it is right for you or not. Whether it is a short term work   How long is a week a month or a year, are all useful total Experience in your career you're interested. Or, if you have worked in another career. You will have the knowledge. Get new skills and experience more diverse. That can compare. Just because you have to actually touch the books I have read. Or hear from other people is different or how similar. Most importantly, you can answer that. What kind of work, anyway that you use yourself. Revenue funds are used for Part Time employees at least it heal on costs. Protection money from the shock of unemployment for a long time. The opportunity to receive the evaluation function from the leader in your career that you do. You know that it should be modified. What improvements. When going to work regularly. Or, if you work in your eyes. The Company is exposed to regular staff. You may be winning Jack Potter. Was promoted to staff at all. You do not just stick with the job. You may get a job faster. And the various experiences and challenges over Allows you to test a Part Time staff find what you like and truly dominant. The goal is to. Job where you are actually in the future.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. In my opinion a part time job in a college is very important for me because money from my mother, father or my aunt is not enough. There are many things I want to buy not only for my education in university degree but other thing also such as hanging out with my best friend, buy cosmetics, or shopping on my weekend because I want to be a fashionable. When your friend can buy everything that them want surely you are envy immediately, but you cannot do that. Why not? Because you are poor. So you find every way to have more money and part time job is one of your choices. Unfortunately some student find wrong way and do something wrong to get more money without care about moral and their family. Bad thing will not happen any more if you can manage your money and your thinking is significant also. Influent of money is not effect for you anymore. You will be happy and funny with your new life style. It is difficult to do, but I am try to be that and congratulation for me.


Everyone in the world is different. Student is different, too. Some study only. Someone study and work together. Perhaps student need study only free time, they study hard. Perhaps they have a lot of free time, they want to look for extra income during study. Everyone have different reasons. Today, I will talk to student who do part time job. I think many student in the world need do part time job. Because they want money form part time job for ease burden of family. They must study hard and work hard, but someone do not want money. They do work for practice their self. They want practice a rule, practice for a habit. I think them want to looking for life experiences. They would think, when they study finished. They would find jobs more easily because they have experience. I think part time job is so good because there help us have experience. Perhaps there will help looking for a job because today, job is difficult for looking. Part time job is different from other job because we can do in free time but other job must do regular. So, if we have a lot of free time, we should do part time jobs.


Many people have to take on part time work to afford it. Others work full time while attending classes part time. It's the nature of higher education these days and likely to get more expensive soon. But not everyone has to work to pay their way through school. They get by either through a full ride scholarship, family affluence or student loans. For whatever reason, these students do not have to so they don't. So many people look at college as an opportunity to socialize, to find themselves and to explore the world before going out into it. College has been defined as a "safe place for young people to grow. " To that end they spend as much of their free time engaged in pursuits other than class work as possible. There's value in doing this to some degree but too often students just engage in mindless, risky behavior. Every time you see GIRLS GONE WILD you're witnessing wasted time, wasted money and wasted opportunity. Some students don't know the value of work experience and how it can enhance the educational experience. At least one semester of work would benefit ALL students by:   giving them money that they've earned,   giving them satisfaction,   giving them experience in the field their degree is in,   fill some of their idle time,   teach them to meet the punctuality requirements of the working world, So under this question, the answer is some students don't want to work perhaps because they feel their time could be better spent in other pursuits. Could they benefit from a part time job? Certainly, but nobody has made it mandatory yet. And as long as they have a choice, some of them are going to   Just Say No.


I agree because working part time job takes chance for us to do extremely activity and get very nice experience. We spend our free time very benefits and we can train from work and we increase our skill because we have more responsibility in work and study. The work will take students get money from work too and we will be different than other friends because they still ask money from their parents but we can have our money by ourselves. Job that we have to do, we must appreciate with the work. We must happy to do and it must safe to do. We should tell our parents about part time so they don't worry about us. We have many choice to choose place to work such as KFC, MK restaurants, SEVENSEN ice cream shop, etc. The reasons that student choose to work should be experience rather than money. The work takes many significant but it can destroy the study result. Both of them should be perfect if you can't do it just study only. It about Thai society that people in a good grade will have a good job, so if you think you may fail the study because do part time job. Don't take that risk. Just patient to read book and try to study best.


I agree to work past time during the free time from the education or during a holiday make a student has the income adds or still can make money come to support a family makes to don't distress work past time. Unless, a student will have can already space people from the work or, there is the free time, as a result, it can do because will make have the income adds from the work or from the unemployment work past time, it still help give a student trains in about all work, such as, tolerance the honesty and the honesty, so that, future work, we should must take work experience, in order to, seize apply in the work in the correctly future, in the work past time that have an occupation choose can various kinds, and, must meet various kinds peoples, make we know to arrive at the way protects to arrive at a person that has a malicious intention. Thus, work past time then valuable a lot of old oneself, make have the income adds from the grumble studies, for lighten the load of a family and still have the income for bring to support a family, and still train the experience in good work, for use in the everyday life or the work will in the future that good to oneself.


Job count is rare today. Maybe I graduated according to unemployment, because there were not any support. Both lack experience. If the student is currently working part time would benefit their cause very much. With work experience can earn special money and is important to use free time to benefit. Essential university students require costly. After that conflict with the students to work part time which is important. Perhaps if the graduates may be supported on any job considered extremely lucky. To work outside university gave many opportunity to see different world. Friends at workplace good and teach to work well. Become an adult and don't ask money with parents. Many things to pay in university. Papers, pens, books and etc. are expensive. Food we must eat everyday so hard to save money. Only one thing to help one self is do part time. Part time can do in university too. To help teachers or in the faculty. They also pay for students that help work in the faculty. So we don't have to run to work but can work in the place that study. It's save and don't tired. So try to do job when need to do because it help and very value.


I agree that the work takes the free time is valuable with a student because it is taking free time to the advantage and free time can make a student the experience in the work increase with and overtime work study that make a student know using money and appreciate of money increase because that money carries from the water rests to lead the power of oneself the whole bunch then makes a student appreciates the value of money and overtime work will have studied that may make to lighten the load of a family with and make a student know to administrate the time are make big mature student good and have repaired to seek urgent with because, overtime work will study that must is sagacious in many work s will arrive at to make a student s can are in every the situation and make a student are in different social well because, that work makes to meet a lot of person then s make a student s know reaching s suit that different originally from, thus I then think with regard to a student works the overtime studies to are valuable and important in the one level of living binge a student very much.


The opinion about part time jobs of student is very good idea and know take time wortwhilely. The reasons of take part time job with student. First, the student have many free time school finish. The some people have a less subject in every week. Some people would 2 3 subject or 4 5 subject. So a student think take part time job while my free time Second, the student useful from my free time by some people may to apply for a job is part time salesperson instead to want play games or play games or play internet. At my free time. Later, the student to work support to study by oneself. The student part time job in order to help lesson responsibility from the parents. Final, the student want is nonsensical of a things. The from of take part time job with student. First, the student may waiter to work in the restaurant. Example, mk, kfc the work in the restaurant is a popular. Because the restaurant have to many waiter and compensation is a good. The compensation would to get in form an hour. Somewhere 32 bath or 35 bath. Second the student may salesperson in the book store letter, the student may to work ticket collector in the cinema. However I think part time job of student is very good idea and useful from my free time.


The part time job very important in my life because I'm poor and the part time job is necessary to me. It very interesting to do and I will have a new experiences and this experiences can taught you something you do not know before. You can spend your free time to do something have benefit and you can make money form part time job. You can do something you like to do and something you should in your life. You will see new friends and everyone you never see before. The part time job can open your new world. The part time job in university you can do if you have your free time. And maybe after you finish of learning and after finish your activity. You see the benefit from it. Some people don't have part time job and they spend your free time to do many activity they like such as play computer game, play sport sing song, etc you can do it too you don't have to spend you free time to do part time job and sometime when you really have your free time your should try to do the part time job.


I think a part time job are not important for students in Thailand. Because parents support them and what they need to do is only study the lessons. Some students have part time job which I think it is great. I think If they do not have a part time job or get something what they want easily. They do not know value of money and slavery of capitalism. Part time job will take their time on studying after school and at night. Some students will need to go back to home very late in the evening. They will have bad grades at the end of terms. Their fathers and mothers will sorry and be not happy at the same time. They will study hard in the next term to finish the university as fast as possible. However, part time job has a good side and a bad side. Students need to consider which one is really important and necessary. Asking yourselves, do I really need to do a part time job? Why? Try to list and find reasonable reason to support your ideas. You may waste or lose a good opportunity if you got wrong decisions. I don't mean that I don't support the part time job but for me it's just not important. So, I don't agree to have a part time job while studying if your family can support you.


For me, it is important I agree that. Because I need to find extra income, and I have enough time to work part time. University students should be divided as to the time to live well. Who is not their time, it may not be working part time. It will negatively impact learning. A flexible work schedule than routine You can choose to work Part Time you want to do. Time convenient for you. And according to your interests. This work is to give you enough time to make extra income by occupation, as you prefer. To begin with, students in high schools are still too young to enter the work force. Usually a student in high school still lack of requisite abilities to make one's own living as well as to handle the problems coming from society and objective world. According to scientific surveys that teenagers have a very high possibility to be forced or exploited to do some things they don't want to do. That's why, in many countries, laws are enacted to prevent teenagers from working, which aim to protect their rights of studying and growing healthily and enjoying happy childhood. Obviously, we have the common acquaintance that high school students should focus on studying instead of having a part time job. So if should do part time job, if we have enough time.


Part time job Today, the college students that have a part time job are the normal thing because some students have some reason to get the money. But sometime the part time job is not important for college students because some organ in Mae Fah Luang University have scholarship for many students that want some money to use to study in the university. Do not do the part time job while you are college student also help you to have more time to study in class, review the lesson and learn more new things outside the class too. Someone think that part time job is good to do on your free time and you also get the money but in the other hands getting part time job maybe effect for your study. If you cannot plan for your time with job or study, you might be losing in two things in the same time. So I think that you should to choose to do only one thing because if you determine to do one thing in one time, the effect will be good for you. All universities want to help everyone that want to study so if you have the important season you should ask them to help you. If you brave, it is sure that you will get a good things for your future.


I agree that important for college students to have a part time job because students need to use a lot of money to spend in university. They get some money from their parent but it is not enough. So I think it has a lot of factor to make college students use money too much. I will show you some factor that why college students use a lot of money. First is food. In university, we have more time. Someday, we study in the morning and someday in the afternoon. If we study in the morning, we have breakfast and go to study. After class, we can buy some food from shop in university. If we have class in the afternoon, we can get up late and then we have lunch before go to study. In university has a lot of shop so we can buy food, snack, drink, etc. all the time. It make student pay money all time. Second is travel. We have free time in university. We stay at the dormitory and long time we will come back our hometown. We can travel on the weekend with friends, boyfriend or girlfriend. And in summer, student can travel to far away because they don't have classes and their parent don't know. The last is hang out. Around university has a lot of pub to travel. Student can go and hang out with friends. They have new society at pub and they will use alt of money to drink. All of this is the factor from me that why college students use a lot of money and they will have part time job. Part time job makes student get some money to spend !


Nowadays, the most college students always have a part time job and learn with together, because some student was poor and they want to learn something from workplace. And some student want to learn about a job and earn money too. So it's a good ideas to think to have part time job when studying. There are many advantages of part time job. The followings are some reasons that I can think of having part time job now. First, It's helping parent in terms of finance for student don't overuse money however, some student is the rich. So they may think that part time job is not suit for them. they may spend money very comfortable and don't know the difficulties in lives like poor students. It can make part time job. Second, student will experience form real part time job. And it learn new think that don't fine in classroom. Finally student will save money for pay everything both private and learn expense The part time job for college student I agree. Student should make a part time job, because it will help parents already. The part time will can learn about a job. Thus, as the conclusion, I agree with the topic that college students should have part time job when needed.


For part time for the important nowadays, because nowadays everyone wants to find occupation. To earn money for the family to family income increases. Spend what is so convenient. I agree to work part time students because it takes space to allocate benefits and known. That each day will do and what we earn during their schooling, we are people hard and want to have anything as you like and lessen the burden of home and parents is not difficult to work part time will we have experienced and learned what many in the work experience is considered a good one while studying because teenagers nowadays like to see playing time. Enough free from school to do nothing to become the welter without benefit anything. Therefore should find a part time work together better and make the money and can send money to the home. Parents are happy to get money and reduce cost of living. I want them comfortable and good living. University students not kids anymore we must do something for parents. Should ask them to pay only study fee but for living cost should pay for ourselves. But if the family is rich, I suggest to pay attention to study. They are lucky to live in rich family so must do their job very well. Not go party and don't work or don't study. Just bad manner.


When I'm at school if it does not really "do not want to" work part time. But again there is no time and even though I tried to find me! I'm not living parents who can not pay me enough work of me, so students are loans for specific survival mainly because I have no choice other more I know that many people working full time through The majority of students. (Though not all) were incredibly difficult to find the magic balance between their work and study. (Not God), social life! I know that people actually fail because there is no time to write an essay that started the big call them and they do not take enough to work. Many people work a lot with that level of stress they went through the roof and begin serious mental health, especially their Working in time does not depend on government money because it was his willingness to work themselves because time is running out for extra income. We can collect money to buy what we want is not that suitcase and use various In addition to relevant experience and money to be used in the study because college students need to have to spend very much money when we know we need to capitalize No luxury to acquire it than to tough we should use the money to save.


Most students take away with something useless. For example, playing a game, watching TV. And some students may take to the activity. In schools where it is a good thing. but may not have experienced. The experience of many possible ways. Another way is to work part time. Working part time, we have more experience. In addition to experience and is also developing ideas, personality, languae, ability, access seminar sharp, The discipline. part time job is save money parents. part time job is working like and feel right. We will employees send pizza or culinary staff. Durind working part time may find the best friend. best friend is speaking encouraga you wait. because the work is difficult. We provide training and discipline. We can by anything that I want to bay. From working part time. Not asking for parents. Why should we have to work part time study in University. First of all, I think work part time. As a discipline in my life. Most work part time after class or holiday. we should be working in come. Second, part time job is making parents pro. ud. Our three   car split time in learhing and working part time job. Someone who can work to pay tuition. Third, I think if summer I will work part time because I need a note book.


Part time job is important for everyone. such as; students, working people, and poor people etc. because part time job give money for them. In the true, have many reason in the made part time job. First, part time job can give income for live. Second, It give experience in the work. Next, person use free time to good time. Finally, part time job will had many friend for them. In the mean while, part time job must do in summer is March to April. It must do in Spring is October. or made it in the free times. You should plan and clear time for job because you must do other activity and you will tried when you made part time job many hour. You can made part time job in several place such as; You will made cashier or waitress at supermarket in store is Robinson, Careful, Jusco Tesco Lotus, BigC, Siam Center, Siam Discovery, Siam Paragon and Central World etc. You will made cashier or check ticket in theatre at Siam paragon, Central World, or Esplanade etc. There are many part time job such as; cashier, accountant, baker, cook, writer, designer, librarian, or waitress. In the different place, the most part time job will give money every hour. The price to hour is about 20 35 bath to hour. In the last I think I like part time job because it have important for me and everyone and it give me money or income for education for me.


I disagree because the student in the university not have free time or empty for to make a job on part time. The student must to study very hard and did home work every day. Sometime I will go to shopping with my friends at the Central and BigC for buying about food, milk, goods, things and fruits, etc. Sometime I listen to music and see a movie at the theater; beside I will go to dancing with my friends at the night club. Sometime I must to examination. So I have to read are books more than to work a job on part time, because everybody have a good grad after last the exam. Sometime I want to exercise in the park with my friends and play sport someday. In the future everyone have different to make a job; moreover, I want to make is a good job for my life. Sometime I want to live in my house with my family and I want to help my family about housework, for example, I can cook a meal, I can wash dishes, I can wash floor and I can make everything in my house. Sometime I fell boring or upset, so I will go to Internet cafe for playing a game online, listen to music and chat with my friends.


I think the college students are part time job is very good because it is the time to be useful. The advantages 0f part time job as a still more income during the study without disturbing their parents, have rich experience of working with different skill increases. Make decisions that work like where it can learn many things. Know how to life because must share class and working hour and increases responsibility. Know how to resolve issues at work. Know that they have flaws where and will be amended before you go to work in future. To practice patience and know the value of money because they must work. Part time job there are many types like waiter, distributed leaflets, to tutor, sales and other. To practice work with other. Further working part time to enjoy because meet to other and meet new friends. I think the college students work part time job make them more mature and can be resolve the problem better. I believe when they applied to work they will be receive special consideration and have the opportunity to work more than others. And they usually succeed in life. So I think working part time job is a good thing. College students should turn to more attention.


Part time job is good thing for some students who have no money or want to spend more money. It can make money to students. Students can choose some work that they want. Some students may like to work with people, talk to customers so they should work in the super mall or the shop. They can help with themselves by having part time job. I am proud for who work when they are studying because they must manage time between university and work. They have to do homework, and go to work. It's very difficult to do. Sometimes work is hard but may be good for them. They work now so in the future they are not poor because they diligent. I want to be a good person. I want to make money to my family and my. If you want money you should diligent and not lazy. I agree that the important for college students because in college no have child some people make up. They can buy themselves but some people never work. They don't know about tired and want to sleep but can't not. I want to work part time but my family doesn't give me to work. They said, now you should study to be good and have a good job. I think same my family I should to study now.


Education is important for studying. Education is the main page of the study. In order to achieve the intended goal. We need dedicated effort and tenacity Dedicated time to study a lot for our purposes. It is the same important work with people at work will be dedicated to energy, the same mind. Working to get money. Both are equally important. If talking about school and work, clearing it to be better because it is the time to benefit. In addition to course work completed, it will take time for benefits. But if the talks focus then. It is also important for some people. Some life is different depending on where life is happy. Working part time students it is an experience to yourself. And the more knowledge, more experience in itself. However, depending on the individual to maintain courtroom time. Working part time students will have good and bad combined together to Cuoon. Because if some people do not know allocate May also be losing one. For how much work is not necessary for our school age are in school because it would take to fully learn. To think the best thing for him. The people who do serious work to their own. But for some people they will be challenging to him. Working part time who are in school is considered to own experience. And knowledge can do. However, it is what each person selected. Working part time so it is important for Thin and is not necessary for some However, it is up to people to think That they think. And how to choose the life of yourself and give yourself the most.


I agree with this topic because nowadays a part time job is necessary for college students. Learning this level want to use a lot money for activities, study, use to daily life etc. Working a part time job can give a good experience for self. Working a part time job is a good thing and can use time is benefit for self. Working a part  time job is the best thing to take knowledge use to work in the future. Sometime the person have sufficient money for study might not want to work, but the person not have enough money necessary to work because they must to take money for study in the future. Learning this level necessary to use a lot money. To necessary use money for study and many activities that level money is the most necessary. To use for equipment study example book, pen, pencil, note book, and to take use in daily life. Therefore to work for make money to use study and a good chance for work too. To reduce pay from parent and to help family more than too. So, I think that working to know that how way to use money for the most advantages. Therefore college students o have a part time job is the most advantages for self.


I agree with this topic that it is important for college students to have a part  time job. because, in my opinion I think that a part time job is very important for college students. When they are studing in university they must have costs higher and the term is very expensive. so they should have earn the special school. By the university should support and find overwork for students to be another way to help students such as about document, organized book. if they have a part time job in their freetimes they can reduce the costs of their parents and have enough money to send about their studing such as uniform, food, materials and personal use and they will have experience from do a part time. They can to learn about everything and know about experience is very difficult and easy. They love and more understanding parent and making them more study hard. I think somebody is very poor and don't have enough money because their parents are a farmer and get earn very low so a part time is very necessary and important for college student. However, they should study hard and interested in studing first for good grade and have a good job in the future.


In my opinion, I agree that a part time job is important to student college. The students in the college should get some part time job, because they will get money to pay each day. The college students should help there family by work in the part time job, because in the college student might use a lot of money and the money from there parents is not enough for them. Many people in the college might try to get a part time job for earn money to help there parent, because there parent can't give them much money. So this is the good way for people who want to study but have no money. The part time job not only the good way for students who want to get money, but it is the good way for people who want to get more experience. If who want to get more experience should get a part time job. The part time job could give many good thing to students and the part time job couldn't give a bad thing to students. If who want to get more money for help the parents, and want to get more experience, and get more good friends they should go to find a part time job or more than


I agree, It is important for college students to have a part time job when you graduate at university you will have a good work because you ever work a part time job when you study. I agree It is important for college students to have a part time job If you work Part time job and study in university you have a experience in the future. I agree It is important for college students to have a part time job because you can make money by yourself and you can send money to your family. I agree It is important for college students to have a part time job because I think I have 21 years old I must make money by work at part time job. I agree It is important for college students to have a part time job because you will strong skiil for work at the future. I agree It is important for college students to have a part time job because you will choose a good job and good life in the future. I agree It is important for college students to have a part time job because if you don't past a part time job, you will can't a work job in some company because nowadays the company need people have a experience.


College students were beginning to learn when they finished high school. A lot of them were younger about 17 18 years old. Truly, every student want to come to the university or college where have a famous section for guarantee their talent and guarantee them self about a good work on the future but the problem is a cost learning of a university so expensive, and many Thai family not rich so, some students must finding a good job for work at the same time when they learning at the college. That is a good thing for college students shall to do because a job will give you a work experience and a different social. They will be a stronger and endurance with any trouble on the future when their education are successful. A benefit when a college students have work are the salary what is matter thing for alive in the college. Actually, the most important when college students are working is they should to purpose and carefully to their study and don't forget to practice. They must to find a time for prepare and alert with misunderstand subject. If someone can do like the previous suggestion. You will got a perfect life in the college and successful at the end.


I am agreeing because a past time job is the thing is important for students because student can practice ability, can work with other people together and being experience of live. Moreover, they can low piece with your mother and your father a lot. When student doing part time job they will have money. When they want to buy thing their can give money yourself for buy everything such as food, cloth, medicine, and other etc. If you have money you can go around the world such as go to see kangaroo at the Australia, go to see Thachmahan at India, go to buy bag at London, go to breath at Thailand and meet new friend. This is advantage of past time job. Therefore, a past time job is a lot important for student and it can help your parents for money to used every day. And if you do part time job you will have a lot of experience so you can practice for your work in the future. So if you want to have money and experience for work you must doing past time very hard and a lot. I think that thing is you need it do not so far for you.


Part time job should have or not for college students. Personally, students who have part time job can use the time to useful and is support your family to save money. On the other hand, work part time job can make to bad study so you must share your time. But part time job have many merit as well. Part time job make you can see many the new experience. You can meet many people but you cannot to meet them in the classroom and you can support your family to save money or save your money for buy something. But part time job is not popular for Thai students because college and university in Thailand is study very hard. Sometime in college have many actives make not free time for students to find part time job. When the times go to summer part time job is first choice for many students to select for use free time in they summer. Part time job have many choice give you select as supermarkets, restaurants and part time job on internet you should select to good yourself. You should think part time job important for college fife or not. It is good to do part time job when you have free time and have work experience. So, I agree college students should do.


If college students have a past   time job, they will get some money for study or for buying something. College students should have a past   time job after school or free time. To have a past   time job make college students is more responsible. If college students to have a past   time job about subjects that they study, they will have good experience. A past   time job that college students have on free time is various for example to be a servant at a shop or restaurant or super market etc. If college students can make something for example dolls, plastic flowers, cookies or draw pictures to buy. To have a past   time job make college students are friendly because they must work with other person. If college students to have a past   time job, they will decrease paying money of the parents. When college students get some money from working, they will proud of themselves. Although college students who have a past   time job are tied, they are happy and they make their parents proud of them. The college students who have a past   time job must study more attentive because they will have a little free time for reading books. If college students would like to have money and good experience, they must have a past   time job.


I agreed with it. For college students to have a part time job. I thing, it is so good for student. It makes experian for student life. It is learning for your skill to using your life. It is important about using your time. Because it have to affect for your study but, if you known using time it will not problem for your study. It has to vary benefit for you. In case, you don't have money in your study or you want to spend money but you have problem. You can to have apart time job. beside you study or your free time. It makes money for you and you don't have a problem. Also, if you had a part time job it should you using your life in the future. When are you working with another people, you will not problem in your work. It make you learn another people around your life. You had known using with another people. The most important it has to benefit for you in your work in the future. It makes experience will be your life have good. You can share your experian with people around you. Student in college can to have a part time job. It makes things so good for life if you can using time.


It is important for college student to have a part time job. They can help onself and parents earn some money. They might do it when they have free time. They may make new friends when they work at place together. They may make new friends when they work together. The work experience receive in the part time job. They shell apply in the future. Besides they may study innovation of work. The part time job can help they care develop oneself and grow is a adult. It is student's fantastic. They can use free time benefit in the good way, and it can help they have some money income. They can save money for buy like something by no disturb parents. The make money at present is usually many people nave to do it because it is help us have factor everyday life. Many student in college think of be ashamed then no do it but student someone do it because have to sue to learn. They not be ashamed do it because not ashamed and do not people be in trouble. College students are period have power for study, work and to good do everything. So college student to have a past time job are good job.


A part time is title good because will money special in help me nothing father and mother. We are want to money will study in University. We are just caring me. Apart time job have work exam Supermarket, MK, KFC, Sundae, 7 Eleven and MC super. My family happy part time job and like work special. The work that is good because it can earn extra for expenses each day and also help them another way without having to rely on parents to work it is the time to produce good results. Another way to practice patience and then with Many children may look empty and I do not have merit. The fight game is not to support it and then by the unique entertainment over If all the kids look like this and who will help alleviate the burden of parents and we will do then they have both made the several and fun. People do work in room air because will happy. The work requires patience. And developing work with special need and then more patience. Extra work that most students will do for students to earn tuition costs. Work as restaurant Retail stores. According to the shop to get permission to work.


There are many job in our country. In the past, almost people always thought "All job for adult". But now, the job aren't limited in adult, students can have a job it's call "Part  Time Job". the part time job is make benefit for many students and it's important for college student to have a part time job. College student is a person who have 16 20 years old. In this period student can does many work and can get money in free time from study. In the USA, college student must leave out from their home and they must help themselves in everything. Their parents will only support and suggest in their work. When they don't have parents they don't have money too. The part time job is the best way for them. When they have a part time job they will have a new experience. They have ability in use the life in social. College student have a part time job they will have more ability than another. The part time job give for college student and another person both the money and experience. But in the Thailand, there is very different. When student have 16 20 years old, their parents will suggest to them for only study. Thailand college student must only study and shouldn't think in another topic This reason, Thai students don't have ability in use the life in social because they never do any thing in this period. It's have very disadvantages for them in the future. The part time job is one way for college student to make a new and have money. The part time job has a long benefit for students until in the future. So we should support and help with students who want to have a part time job.


Several college student have objective of study and would like only A grade. How many student want to working experience? Someone often understand job without part  time job is good thing because don't work hard. But you can't work with other else. You get only your idea. If you aren't interested in part time job. It seems you aren't interested to other work. I think part time job is good for me because I apply working method with my study in university. It makes me mature as adult and can live in society. I have co work more than. I know time managing of study and work; in addition, worth money. I think it's opportunity for every college student that get good experience. The more you must go to visit opportunity there. Nobody get good thing without grab. I like to meet instructor than talk about part time job. She directs interesting job. I have been work many places such as ice cream shop, my the university and etc. It's best time for me. However, part time job not give good results If not with plan. So you should manage time and plan for study and work. Finally, I agree to part time job is important for college student s and believe it makes future work of college students are splendid


I disagree because I think a part time job isn't important for me. I have to study and read a lot more over to do the part time job but sometime I'm felt boring when I study in some class. Sometime I want to do a part time job when I have a lot of free time but after the class I must to do housework to help my mother; moreover, I want to take a rest and spend time with a friend. I have taught I can do a part time job to help my parent for get some income and in the future everybody must to get a job. The part time job may be make me get a good job in the future after I'm finished from here because the experience of a part time job. Somebody think about a part time job it's important for them then somebody talked about it not important. So in the future I have to do a part time job because it's a good practice to do the job in the future. I hope that practice can be a good experience for me. Finally who has ever did a part time job can get a good job more than who's never get a part time job.


To part time work. Work outside school hours. Finding a job special Learning to overtime. For people with families. Room supply of finance to continue on no problem. But for those who own or want to charge students more experience. This is the job market. It is not difficult for students who have abilities in speech this does not mean that speaking well and will always work to just have a good chance only. A work part time student is readily available. Work during school time is used beneficially. Because we have free time may be lost time to the empty and working to make us practice self discipline. Practice patience and diligence in working give us the money to help alleviate the burden of family Have their own savings. The work of these students are after school or during holiday vacations. Most choose to work in restaurants Class Fast Food Restaurant Ice Cream to consider these jobs students do most like. This action allows students to meet training to prepare them to work in the future. Most choose to make after work and school. we consider the work a child who is training hard. About custom reliance. Which is considered a very good thing.


It is important for college student to have a part time job. I agree Because college students' a part time job 'Sometimes they must have a part  time jobs because someone's parents give them money which is not enough for pay each day. So that thay must have a part time jobs. Most a part time jobs are jobs service in stores, mall. For example Seven Eleven, S&P, KFC, Swensens, McDonalds ect. which everyone must do duty such as check stock, is cashier, delivery, reception ect. college students' a part time job recognize the patience, discipline, and allocate Some people do after school. Until midnight. 1, 2, or may be beaten gain experience of work Before the other students that are not part time jobs and earn more persons. May be hours or weeks in any of my comments. I provide all students with part time to alleviate the financial burden of parents. It also has experience of working. To practice self responsibility. The students work part time is a good delivery that allows students who have free time. Use free time to benefit. But the study is important as well. I should not leave school because of work a part time occupation that can not be taken as a primary occupation or we should have to study hard. To get good grades. Will have a good job.


It is good for students to have part time jobs because this helps cultivate independence among young people. Part time jobs in business can foster a sense of competition, which is important for students in the future. After school work enhances a young person's social development. Being able to earn their own money gives students a feeling that they've become adults and, therefore, makes them feel more mature. Part time jobs make students more confident in themselves. Through the work they can realize their own value and prove that they are capable people. Part time jobs experience gives students an insight into what work is about and prepares them psychologically for their future jobs. After school work teaches students how hard it is to earn money and helps develop thriftiness in our younger generation. Part time jobs can help students apply their knowledge in practice. And, in return, their experience will make them know better what they have learned in classes and books. Part time jobs give students a feeling of achievement through contributing to the national construction and economy. Part time jobs can make the students' lives more colorful and is good for their personal development. Students who have part time jobs can relieve, to some extent, the economic burdens of their parents.


As a student studying at university, I feel that part time job may be essential to the learning experience. According to today's university competition, students' expense is highly increasing because the major reason is to improve many things in their university such as building, activities and also facilities thus student should have a part time job for getting some money to help their parents pay for registering at university. There are many good reasons to have a part time job when students study in university. First of all, the students should spend their time accumulating experience for when they graduate and find a job in the real world. The part time students' employment might have a good future: for instance, they can have patience and social skill moreover they also can adapt themselves with new situation so they must get a job easier than the others people who don't have a living skill in real community like part time students' employment. Secondly, money from a students' part time job can reduce parents' expense. In Thailand many manufacturing give an opportunity to students work in such as working in a restaurant or KFC, Seven Eleven, Chester grill, MC Donald and Baskin Robin etc. I think students should spend their spare time taking part time jobs which become a way for students to meet their great knowledge in university lives.


Part time job is a great opportunity for college students. Part time job it can help students get more money to bring expenses on everyday life and on education. College students will get experience from working. I agree with working part time College students but it has both advantages and disadvantages, Advantage is a new experience, compensation and a new social. Disadvantages is may lose health, Have less free time. There are many part time job, Female students should work part time during the day and Should not work at night because it will be dangerous. Part time job are very popular in restaurants, in department stores, waiter, sales etc. The present past time job is popular in college students Group. Most college students work part time because a number of reasons. Some people want to experience, Some people need money to use in everyday life, Some people need new knowledge, Some people need friends and many other reasons. They are think about past time job just as popular but it was not wrong. If they think so because they will benefit much from this popularity. But if work is not illegal and not be harmful to themselves. I will try to be part of encouraging college students working part time job. To the advancement of Thailand.


Would work better if a special university Employment rates ??? studies done in universities is very good. It is sent to students along ?? a leisure time and earn benefits for students. And the third car the nuts reduce the financial burden. Families and reduce the drug problems of theft. Crime and creates harmony in working with others is also cultivating the students know about spending money work proceeds Know the value of money. Know the value of work And work is known. Parts Time Jobs in and out of the university If a job on campus. Such as key data Preliminary analysis. As research assistants to collect data. As an assistant in various offices. Library. If a job outside the university have seen many a restaurant, coffee shop department store employees, Call Center. Besides the extra income we do not interfere with parents Have experience and skills are more like friends. The University has a network of Service Mind About planning responsibility. And about working with others This skill is important When working towards the most real and when the interview for new students. Or to work. Working part time during college as a help to us interesting than others, we can study and work with very well. And is planning to run a life of balance


Yes, I can. Because in a university have some students are poor. And education is very important. But education need spend more money. Some student need more money for learning. They do a part time job. A part time have benefit because it's to give avenue for students. So a part time job have more job. Example department store KFC MK restaurant. A part time job, student spend time to benefit. Student is bear. A part time job give to knowledge for they. They are self money. Student don't drugs. A part time job have seller. A part time job do student is more adult. A part time job do student is genius. Because A part time job do student is mange problem. A part time job do student love job. Student have to important education very much. A part time job are important for student are poor very much. A part time job do student is study. A part time job give education for them. Student do a part time job they do reduce spend money family. Student do part time job have knowledge it's don't have in class. Knowledge have outer class. A part time job development genius for student. A pat time job is very good. A part time job development education.


Working part time students is the time to benefit and income supplement helps alleviate the burden on family and work part time have many to choose aptitude of self and allows us to have patience even more. Working part time students have both advantages and disadvantages, but if the optimism that good, we will find new experiences in working the discipline to work and make known split time working and learning and will learn. That if efforts to do it successfully. Disadvantages of working part time, we will not have free time may not have time to read books and the academic performance degradation and what will follow is that health is not good as the examples of working Well. Is working in the restaurants could learn in the morning And work in the evening doing two hour Working part time for a new experience that we can practice and learn by themselves and I have agreed to work part time students because it was an attempt to run more jobs. Actions such as work part time students all work will need attempts and I employed part time as well is to run a restaurant in the evening, even though it is income that is not much but Have pride in myself. And I will reduce costs Pa in family lot and parents are not difficult to make money too much, so I would like to remark on someone or denomination that than to have money. How difficult it or we can spend the savings.


I think me agrees with a student who gives precedence with overtime work studies because it can is light responsibility way family distribution. It is income overtime addition studies to make have money buys for what we want by must not depend on parents still makes us has to meet something in the social. Make we have learnt work life makes money to use with oneself, already the work will that do should is the work that is correct don't be born a problem follows to come to later. Another one work that do, should must don't affect with the education of a student with social, too. what is I think overtime work can make to learn? many type, such as, living with others, the responsibility in oneself, etc., overtime work is not the thing that is damaged but, be building advantage gives with oneself more than sometimes will might to better abandon the time goes to by useless and can make the human has thought that mature, thus if, work, should look for a job at appropriate oneself age with such as, teach the language or look for a job be simple, at think the self can. Finally I think overtime work studies to give the advantage to us a lot of. If we have can to use it to the advantage it will have been life great experience already that important, should not forget our duty that is the study.


I think a part time job is not important for the college students who have enough money to pay at the university. But for some college students who do not have enough money to use daily at the university, It is so important for them to work for find some money. So I think, The part time job is very good to do for everybody. Because if you do not have enough money you can find it from do a part time job but if you have enough money already you can work to find a new experience. It is good for college students to find the experience from part time job before they have to do a real work in the future. And I think all college student should do if they have a change and have enough time. It is not a bad thing to do something new. And for myself, I will do a part time job if I have free time after study at the university because I want to find some money for use daily and I want to find new friends that do a part time job before me. They will share their experience to me and I can learn new thing from their experience. As a result, I agree with a part time job for college students.


I think, part time job is important for college students. Many student families is poor. They will work for term. But some people are working for experience. Someone made by a friend. Part time job have many type; sample, work in restaurant, help at office, help at university and sales of fussy In Kasetsart University Chalemprakiat Sakonnakhon Province Campus, most students like help at university. Because working at university is wherein. Sample part time job in university; at library (Helping librarian cull books, check books), at laboratory and etc. I think working part time is good. Because it help parents for revenue, make habit love conservation, can self reliance. I ever recognize part time; sample, open mini restaurant, help control in library, give tuition and other. Part time job is considered a good job for students who are learning, experience more. Can learn various processes of information work. If on the other hand thought for working part time. May affect the student has time to fully learn less. The rest is less the lack of focus in the classroom. Result in worse grades. Currently working part time as a popular student. Students, whether rich or popular practice until it becomes a fashion and popular one that everyone together. For me, I think it is good everything is all put on each.


I agree with topic A is a part time job is very important for college students because of a part time job can make a money and, can save money of parent too. Then a part time job can make a Experience for a college student. A part time job ought to a good job. Example for a part time job are write paper friend's homework, help teacher work, wash the clothes, clean the room, part time in the restaurant, part time in college. I think I can do it. A part time is help me have a money, help to save money my father and mother, and I have exercise and experience when I have a part time job. I may be do a part time job on vacation or weekend because I want to do something on vacation. But I have not try to do a part time job. This vacation I want to try it. The first a part time job maybe is a part time job in this college is prince of songkla university. I try do it on next vacation. Maybe I love a part time job and do it every vacation, and it save more money a parent. My mother and father must not sent more money to me. I want to try it now a part time job.


In my opinion a part time job is important. That because someone not have many money for spending in study. And someone have time after class he can make a part time job 4 6 hours for a day. A good part time job depends on the satisfaction of us. If you do not know myself what like what dominant consider Part Time Jobs in do not look damaged. Maybe you can find jobs for you in a short time as a Part Time Job work in a short period 1 month 3 months 6 months so that you can experience a variety of work. Than time wasted waiting for work. Still do not know where it is right for you or blank. Benefits of a Part Time job employee that you must should not be overlooked. Whether short term works how long a week a month or a year are all useful totals. Earn money as a Part Time employees at least heal on costs. Protect money from the shock of unemployment for a long time. You do not just stick with the routine. You may get a job faster. And experience the diversity and challenges over Allows you to test a Part Time staff find what you like and truly dominant. The goal is to. You are job where really in the future.


Should work with during class. Because of the work during class time is used beneficially. Better use the time to issues that do not get into trouble. Also get work experience. Because of the work that we can practice responsible work. Punctuality have the patience to work. And can adapt to people around him. Working life is a living encounter with the outside world. Faced with many colleagues and boss. And situations. That may occur without the expectations. These are lessons that can not be in the classroom. It allows us to learn more aspects of life. Tom teaches us patience, strong barriers to enter the life. It makes us not afraid to confront issues and to move forward. It makes us work and the pride. To help families make money another way. And it allows us to spend and the value of money. Than it will be acquired in exchange for sweat and toil. In addition, the work and also think The training exercise with the years of work as practice got up early. Withstanding hunger because eating the wrong time. Summary snare should be working during the study because it is the time to benefit. Experience. The pride and money.


For those who are studying. Person or someone close to the end and finish. Ken, you hear this or that "in four years this is all a student living independently or Be happy to harvest as much. After everyone finished already. And the work you all are not free anymore, but I think in turn that if fire took four years to work independently on this. After independence, we will be better than it or reject that hunt. One reason is that today the same people working part time increased. One more reason why the work is part time. For women. Every woman you would have wanted to be home after the car wash wash wash good people or friends or people use that year hunt. We are what dreams are of the how We need money to buy it. Or some people would probably owe it to the bank loan and buy it. "I work full time for the vice let me see I think the. If we study the case and the work I completed. Which the value of work would be approximately U. S. $ 12, 000 for the students who complete a satisfactory re use silk Let's Think I that salary 12, 000 baht if we keep salaries at 4, 000 Baht (a savings that is not out to use it I ) in one year we have savings about 4, 000 12 = 48, 000 baht if 10 years is. will be approximately U. S. $ 480, 000 from a dream I. Home that we need a minimum price would be approximately 1. 2 million fixed around the house if we want a fixed after approximately 25 years would be used for hunting or reject that


Part time job is a good one to get money it is not hard work. Almost everyone can do it, we can make more money and we don't have to ask our parents for money. I think it is a good one for college students. It's a good job for college student because it does not have to work in class time, and the most important one is we can help decrease our parents' expense. Part time job is just a part of college life, we have to pay attention in class belong with the part time, it would be the best. People who tend to get the best job more than other people are people who have more work experience. Due to human responsibilities, students who study in a university should already have abilities to live by themselves. That is they should do a part time job. When they graduate from the university, they have to find a job. Therefore, while they are studying in the university, they should have a part time job to train them before getting the job in the future. Moreover, having opportunity to have a part time job while they are studying in the university is a good chance to get a job in the future. Many managers want people who have work experiences to work in their company. As a result, if the students have experiences about the job while they are studying in the university, it will help them a lot to get a good job in the future. Additionally, they can help their parents to save find and money while they are studying in the university. So, I agree that it is important for college student to have a part time job.


I agree with because do past time job it is the good opportunity in the life. Nowadays, everything must be competition all the time if you do not more experience or know the way to live with other it can make you do not have a job after you are graduate. Moreover, do past time job it can make the students know money's value and make them safe the money because they know that it very tired. In addition, it is the way to make student know to use the free time and have value. Moreover, it can avoid them from drug or play game. However, parent should pay attention to them and suggest them that what the wrong is? and what the true is? Moreover, the place where is the student go to do past time job should have a rule and have a good suggest to them. Also, do not persuade them to drinking an alcohol and go to Pup Bar that it is the wrong way for them. Also, doing past time job it can make the students who has been do job before it make them get a job before the student who do not has been do job because employer want the people who have experience to do job before.


Part time job of children is considered a good way for children who need some income. Find a job promotion that made Saturday and Sunday work Part Time to job in a short period 1 month 3 months 6 months so that you can experience a variety of work. Meet other people. To talk about that he knows better. Or at least has friends. The new ideas may be great ideas exotic time. Benefits of working Part Time, you should not overlook either the short term work experience in your career that you like. If you work in another line. You will have knowledge. Get new skills and experience more diverse. Extra income. Or may be the main revenue is money, time and Part Time job at least heal on costs. Likely be evaluated by the performance of the chief in your career that you do Cause you know that should be edited. Improve how, You can choose to Part Time job time you want to do. By the time convenient for you. And according to your interests. part time job or earn extra or occupation will experience more diverse and challenging. Allows you to test a Part Time staff find what you like and truly dominant. The goal is to. Job where you really are the future.


A part time job is important for student. I think the students should do it. Because it is help to student find money. Especially student in the family poor or the parents cannot pay. Because their parents have already cost much. They are help parents to save money by working part  time. Find money for buy book, pencils, pen, papers and other materials for study. In study working part time is very difficult for student. It must control for good. Otherwise study is very bad. Demand of all student has very much. Because today competition are a lot. Whether it is a matter of personal values that are high in fashion, special Education. It is not enough for expenses. Because of this, it is yonder I have difficulties in daily life. When they are busy working part time that dose not interfere with school hours and activities at work. To find work, it must refer to the remuneration that pleased silk. Finding a part time job is not easy. If we do not have time to go to work. And do not have money instead of baked. Today is also a part time work among student to be extremely. Has to part time job many forms. Depending on which one to choose jobs.


Currently, in the college have many students came from poor family. They don't have money enough to spend about their studying. Therefore they would have a part time job for making money themselves, except getting their parents. In this essay will talk about advantage of a part time job such as they can have money enough for their spence and help their parents. Their studying in the college, they need to have money to spend about studying, their life, report and homework and so on. Therefore having a part time job is important for college students, because it can help them get money to spend about their studying and life in the college. Moreover, they will have more ability as well. Having a part time job, they can make money by themselves. Therefore they have money to pay with studying and don't worry their parents. Moreover, if they have a good job, they can give their some money to parents as well. In conclusion, the students came from poor family. They don't have money enough to spend about their studying. Having a part time job is importance for college students, because it can help them get money to spend about their studying and life. They can make money by themselves. Therefore they have money to pay with studying and don't worry their parents.


All of people hope to get a good job in the future. Of course, I think this topic may depend on people aptitudes. From my point of view, there are many aptitudes for people to get the good job, especially "Is a part time job important for college students?" the first reason that is important for college students, because some families have a few budget to support their children to school and university. So the college students have to work for getting more money to support themselves. The second reason is, whenever students have to use more money, but they would not like to disturb their parents they can earn some money by themselves by taking part time job. The third reason, if the would like to pay their time effectively they can take apart time job. Beside they pay their times efficiently, they also fun with their job. The fourth reason, part time job makes students being really proud to gain new experience and earn much money by themselves. For the last reason, part time job can be a thing that makes students have great responsibilities, such as punctuality, being honest and relationship with other people. To sum up, I would not like to focus on "part time job is important or unimportant for college students, but if students take a part time job while they are studying, they can learn the true meaning of responsibilities.


Part time my job thinks it gets into trouble that excellent unless will make we have money already still is taking time are born the advantage as well, better at we will take the time. This goes to do otherly that it has no the advantage, such as take the time go to play with a friend. I think to get into trouble that disagree very much. I will think overtime work may is will guardian helping governs to economize mind part this expenses. We have money will come to know its worth because, carry with ourselves. We want clothes bag shoes. We take money that us searches for from overtime this work goes to buy. I will have thought must not go to disturb a guardian. A student in majority university will work the overtime in the university. My university has the arrangement looks for a job the overtime gives an undergraduate does the part time job that do in the university will have very document all work by receive the pay hour vacate 30 a baht. I think the part time job is many good unless will take time free give born the advantage has already still money as well. We will have experience.


In do work part time between study in university have to life or no. I think do work part time have to life up to at status in person or require in person. Because person but person have status at different then indicate not have to life in between study in university or no. Because person status good and rich also not have to do work part time between study in university but person at rich do work part time have also. Person at do work part time most is person at is poor because they require money for use in study have to use eat use in go to university use fee study it is thing have to life. I think do work part time between study in university if we have time should do work part time because it help fall expenses in family which is thing at good. In do work part time between study in university have to life or no you think how you think have to life or no you may have answer in your mind. Ok say good bye everyone lucky in do work part time between study in university because you help family is thing at very good. Rich or fall not important it up to you will use life how.


I think this is It is good for students to have part time jobs. I think this is very common that students do part time jobs while studying in foreign universities. It's obvious that if you don't work, you will have more time to study, but doing a job can get you some income to survive or get some pocket money without depending on parents. Research has shown that those students who work while studying tend to understand and grasp their studies much better than those who are not on job. They understand the nature of business and get a practical learning about how things are done. For example if a student is studying telecommunications and works at a call center, he will understand each and every thing much better. However students working while studying should definitely not divert from their studies and keep a balance between their studies as well as job. Types of part time jobs that students at University of Florida do includes Child care, landscaping/maintaining garden/gardener, swim lesson instructor, house cleaning, tuition (tutor), office assistant, management assistant, delivery jobs, lifeguard, sales assistant, recreation assistant, web designers, violinist/musician, mailing letters, dishwasher, IT technical assistants, tour guides, book keeper, delivery work, receptionist, creative writers, drivers, photographers, graphic designers.


