Nowadays many teenagers want to smoke. They thinking about smoking, it make them feel good and look good. Somehow they think that it make them feel more relaxed but they don't know about bad result of smoking it increasing their chance of lung diseases, heart failure and Watching the video in class this evening opened my eyes a little bit more because tobacco contain about4, 000 chemicals, including 200 known poisons. Every time someone smokes, poisons such as benzene, formaldehyde and carbon monoxide are released into the air, and the most important. In fact, Some of my friends like to smoke, most don't. Non smokers will probably tend to hang around more with non smokers than with smokers, while smokers usually don't care. Smokers need lots of money   because smoking is expensive and keeps getting more expensive Not only, the bad result to smoker but also the bad result affect to near person get the vexation The last one is there are many consequences to smoking like health, addiction, cessation and economic costs. Second hand smoke is a major problem, since smoking is allowed in a lot of public places. Second hand smoke has fifty cancer causing chemicals rich are. Thus, I agree for banning smoking in all areas.


I do not agree the restaurant will allow smoking in its areas because it is very dangerous and harmful for both people who are smoking and people around him, especially teenagers to take up the role and adolescents are curious and try to stop that most teenagers do not like smoking in restaurants with children and the aged, a check is made very inappropriate because it is highly toxic to other people to unconsciously. Teenagers like to smoke a lot, in canteen too especially male students like to smoke everywhere, in canteen, in front of the school, food shop or in the restaurants. They think they are cool and very handsome and girls will fall for but no it is not. A girl that like a boy who smoke is will sorry in future because she takes her life to be in danger and the risk to get cancer with that boy. She don't smoke but she smell every time so some day she may get hurt from smoking before him because no protection from smoke. If the restaurants agree to not allow people smoke, the can save many people lives because people are save from a dangerous. Should ban everywhere not only restaurants and police should got them too.


I do not agree with smokers who being able to smoke in any places not only in the restaurants. Smokers should take a break to smoke which other are not satisfied with it. Smoking may be suit for some party but not in the restaurants because it's place for being pleasure with food. I wouldn't like there to be any smoking in the building but do not have any objections to people smoking outside. I do think that people should be made more aware of the damaging effects from smoking. I find it unpleasant when people are smoking just outside the exits to the building as you are forced to breathe in the smoke. Many people can't breathe because it's very stingy and hard to take a deep breath into the body. So in my point of view, it is good idea to say that smoking should not be allowed in the restaurants, university, workplace, and many places that many people are in. Smoking should be outside only at lunch times not have regular breaks and smoking should be banned at all workplaces or any public places. I hope to see this can happen in my university too. Want to see non students smoke also.


Smoking in restaurant is should be banned. I agree with the statement. A gaffe as much as possible. Because the restaurant service Food and drink And anyone want to eat good food, atmosphere and environment. Environment conducive to eating. Smoking is one of the drugs harm the human body. Most restaurant customers will not sit smoking in their restaurants. It makes people dissatisfied customers and may not return to service any more. Restaurant is a restaurant, serving the food and drink But not to smoking customers. Some restaurants will have room for the customer sat smoking. Some restaurants will mark smoking. Because most customers will take children. An old man to sit or eat. Some families take the wife is pregnant to eat as well. And the idea of smoking itself is disturbing others. Because tobacco smoke is nasty bite on the eyes and smelly people around you and everyone within the restaurant Conclusion is that smoking is hazardous to health and people around him that the body fell down quickly. So I think we should care for each other well and exercise frequently together than to mess with drugs. All people should concern how dangerous of smoking, we should ban this seriously in order to save the next generations.


I strongly agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because the first things I don't like is smell of smoke and it has a lot of thing to damage our bodies such as it has source of canner. At the restaurant everybody wants to eat food and enjoy time with family, if they must eat food among smell of smoke it ink it really upset. People should have manner at the restaurant we must not smoke at the restaurant or public places because I think it is like a crime. It can slowly kill not only the smoker but also it can kill everyone who is around the smoker. Maybe their wives, sisters, brothers and everybody around them. When I'm going to restaurant, I want to eat and enjoy time of eating if I meet someone is smoking I think that I am really upset and angry. Then I think every country should have ban smoking at the restaurant maybe people who smoking should smoke before going to the restaurant. I think restaurant must be clean and fresh because restaurant has a place of enjoy eating and relaxing. The restaurants may provide places for smokers to smoke, if they still want to service the smokers.


Smoking is one of the drugs has resulted in physical harm to people where smoking will go very hard on and quit. It also resulted in people around you are narcotic type that with people who smoke will be not charming in the club the people around you are society too, and smoking in a restaurant, a place I have people to eat much. Both children and adults to eat together and sew if someone comes smoking in a restaurants may allow people who are eating is not like it or not satisfied and he will see that you are not good. But if the other restaurant. The people do not smoke will make the restaurant look good quality has sent people to eat more food together. Restaurant that make the atmosphere is pure and restaurant, this may be the favorite for the common man. Therefore, stores well be the atmosphere is pure client to client and diet are fight should not smell or order caused by cigarette smoking should be no smoking on cares menu or restaurant of self. For people to dining to know that this store is a place of non smoking will cause people too eat food preference and restaurant of your menu and good taste more may be made for of the more you sell good.


I disagree with smoking in restaurants should be allowed because of smoking, the health damage. Danger of smoking causes diseases such as cancer, lung can make people around you smell illegally at a restaurant. I don't hate people that smoke but I don't like to smell it. I can't breath easily. I am very suffering from the smell. After they smoke and they left, many cigarette ash on the table. The next person will get ash on the dish. It's very dangerous and damage health. I am sure many people hate smoking but they don't speak out. I try to find benefit from smoking but I can't find. It may help them to relax, feel good. But I don't do that. In my opinion, it's not good idea to smoke if you have nothing to do. My friends think that it is cool and girl like it. I don't agree with that. If the restaurants allow people to smoke, it can't be restaurants. It should be night club or place to smoke. Food don't delicious and smell so bad. How can I eat that. Smoking should be in their areas, not in the restaurants. I support to ban smoking in all restaurants.


Thailand has a lot of restaurants and storm. All depending on the people to eat swap for Accentors, circulate together. To the owner each store Hades Guard, cleanliness and hygiene for clients to use very. Currently in Thailand has enforced laws prohibit Gallery smoking in public places. In order to maintain the health of people in that society. Smoking is carcinogenic and quite of people smoked cigarettes and smoke released into the environment allows people to inhale the air causing health hazard. Therefore, banning smoking in diverse and therefore particularly appropriate to enforce such as the atmosphere in the restaurant eating is one important part as well. Restaurants in Thailand do not have a sticker on the pump. Map Shop and have narrowed the angle for visitors or customers to use the smoke is clearing and enter dangerous to lure people in that area but. whether it has some parts that do not follow Sung and selfish these people are more Khamin by someone looking to become the pressure and make him follow the rules in the enforced as a way and it is beneficial to local people, or no statewide smoking bans at all. I think very good idea.


I agree because the restaurant is what Each individual person or family to family to eat together. Happy to do business or otherwise. If the restaurant is smoke will cause the atmosphere to shop completely free atmosphere. Restaurants and considered to be one of cleanliness. Restaurants need to focus on cleaning because of health related to the customer if the restaurant where the smoke when Customers come to the restaurant would be something bad back too, and may result in the body of the restaurant to eat healthy is not good. A cornerstone of the restaurant will give customers the impression that Must depend on many things. The taste is delicious and it Environmental atmosphere shop must be good. To attract customers into the store when customers will feel comfortable and all ages to focus. So, the restaurant should not smoke to interfere with the dining customers. It can cause health damage as a customer. Elderly, we should respect each other. And sometimes may be residual smoke into the food if you are smoking in the restaurant. Finally, anti smoking in restaurants that Deemed to be correct and proper place because the restaurant is a place People that want to use something good. Not want the bad So who will enter the restaurant should consider whether the action should be what And considering that the penalty for smoking in restaurants would be wrong because it would destroy the healthy people.


I agree with it that all restaurants should ban smoking. Actually, not should but must ban smoking. But most of people they still don't care at all. Majority of Thai people smoked 4 out of 10. It is serious problem in Thailand. The smoking problem getting worse and worse every year. Kids that around thirteen years old start to smoke because member of their family smoked. The law is so weak. Nobody cared or obey the law I think Thailand should be more serious about this problem since the percentage of people died from cancer are increased. The law just wrote on the paper and announced for looking good but in practical no one follow the law. This is what happen in Thailand. We ask for many thing, we wish to be on top in this area but it can't be because we don't respect the rules. When we got arrested we just use money or refer to the family that is very famous. So nothing happen. Why Thai people don't follow the law so we can be developed. People just do as their desire but not what social want. When people getting separate and don't care about the law, it is worse to stop them and to develop country. Please do something serious and start from our owns. We can teach the followers and do as the model for them so all these problems can be solves. It is hard to ban smoking if people still don't care and even I agree with the topic to do.


Everybody knows restaurants are public place it has many people come here such as children, pregnant women, geezer and other people. Restaurants are interesting should have a good atmosphere for attract the customer come to use service this restaurants. The cigarettes have effect to human. It can cause the disease such as lung cancer, airbags aneurysms, and etc but smoker has affected less than people inhaled smoke. So, smoker should be considered cause trouble to other people. The government should suppose to strict measure about smoking in the public place. And should serious in punishing doer the mistake for the smoker do not have mistake behavior in the next time. Customers of restaurant are happy for dinner with the good atmosphere and they will have good health and good mind. Finally, many smokers should quit smoking for good health, someone your love, other people are pure, many children are the future of nation. If you can make it you should happy with thing you make it because you get the best thing for social and other. I think many people think alike me and want this world is livable lack of smoke.


Smoking is hard habit to break because tobacco contains nicotine, which is highly addictive. Like heroin or other addictive drugs, the body and mind quickly become so used to the nicotine inWhen your parents were young, people could buy cigarettes and smoke pretty much anywhere even in hospitals. Today we're more aware about how bad smoking is for our health. Smoking is restricted or banned in almost all public places and cigarette companies are no longer allowed to advertise on TV, radio, and in many magazines. People start smoking for a variety of different reasons. Some think it look cool. Others start because their family members or friends smoke. Statistics show that about 9 out of 10 tobacco users start before they're 18 years old. Most adults who started smoking in their teens never expected to become addicted. That's why people say it's just so fertility problems and can impact sexual heath in both men and women. Girls who are on the pill or other hormone based methods of birth control (like the patch or the ring) increase their risk of serious heath problems, such as heart attacks, if they smoke. Almost everyone knows that smoking cancer, emphysema, and heart disease ; that it can shorten your life by 10 years or more; and that the habit can cost a smoker thousands of dollars a year many people don't quit smoking because they think it's too hard to do. They think quit someday. It's true, for most people quitting isn't easy. After all the nicotine in cigarettes is a powerfully addictive drug. But with the right approach, you can overcome the cravings.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Now, we've more people who care their health. We can see them from the fitness or park or swimming pool. But in many public places, you can find smoker, too. Not only park but also in the restaurant. So, how can we fix this problem? In many countries smoking is not allow in the restaurants because it's a place to have lunch or dinner or matter what a small meting group. If they allow smoking in the restaurants, many children and old people must get sick. Not only two of them but also the waiter and the smoker, too. Most of restaurants have place for smoker to smoke, if they want, they can go outside and get smoke. However, If smokers care a little bit about their health, It'll be good for them because we also know that smoking's not good. But if they still want, it's O. K. because it's their health. Smoking is not good in many ways and you can get a bad health, too. And I think, smoking should be banned in the restaurant is a good thing because restaurant is a public place to have a good time with family if it has something wrong, happiness will go.


In my opinion, smoking in all place is does not make, because it is not good and smoke is dangerous and most dangerous for everyone and smoker. Smoking in class or restaurant should not make. Cigarette is ghost of body of all smoker and it make not good healthy. Them know cigarette is dangerous, but them not stop smoking. Cigarette does not necessary for our body. Smoking in restaurant must stop smoking, because smoke make everyone in restaurant not good healthy. Stop smoking is easy to stop at a moment and should not buy it. It expensive and very expensive and not good for health. Danger from the smoke very much, smoker know but made. I agree, in restaurants not smoking, because this place have many people, for example, older and child and smoke is danger for them. The most important for student'should not smoking in all place' and should be to relax or exercise, for example, play sport, play games, swimming, and activities, for example, shopping at department store, go to see this all example better than smoking, because this example to help our and smoker have good health. Finally the best idea everyone should not smoking in all place.


The division of the eating out. Be considered a brief rest with the people you love. In addition to the already relaxed. Also to release emotional stress as well. In the all out eating out every show that what people need to escape the traditional home like atmosphere and flavor food. Exposure to the exotic atmosphere and Taste new foods can mean that everyone came to get, but what good things for yourself and those you bring with Out of eating out is a dream of almost every mole people and most importantly he did not want anyone to find out what makes eating out bad taste and atmosphere you? What upset the atmosphere of eating outside the home is smoke who would not want to eat amid smoke. No smoking in restaurant. Because it is a good thing for the child to use the Service itself. If someone smoking in the restaurant we use today, and you bring people you love the most come with, and that day is a day you use the service shop for the first time. So that you eat with someone you love is among white smoke full page spread your I hear it it's romantic. But in fact you will not take those you love to eat at this restaurant again. I think it is good for the customer and the restaurant and if the restaurant smoke free then. Customers are happy to choose to eat at this restaurant. And the taste was very impressed. And the customers who want to bring love to eat out at a restaurant.


I agree with banning smoking in restaurants because of smoking disturbing other people who intended to eat. I agree that smoking does not benefit anything, both to yourself and those people around you, for me I think that smoking should be punished whether they smoke in the restaurants or public places such as bus stop, park, markets. There are many diseases come visit us if we smoke, and people close to us at the time. I do not want to have people smoking in restaurants and other places. When I saw people smoke in public places, I wish I could stop them to smoke. The smell is terrible, I saw many people they have a cough when they got the smoke from the cigarette. Poor them. I hate the smoke of the cigarette also. I don't think that they got any benefits from smoking. But people around them are dying. If it is possible, the policy should be serious with smoking in public areas and restaurants. Now I saw many restaurants are trying to promote non smoking. They try to not allow people to smoke in the restaurants. Some of them are successful because they are serious with that. If all of us are serious with this problem, we can ban the smoking in any areas.


The story of smoking, I hate smoke and hate person smoke the cigar. He doesn't care everybody. It's good news for banned smoking at all the restaurant. The smoking can kill everybody and some disease example cancer. Cancer is top ten diseases for killing people. My Family haven't smoke and anti personal smoking. I approve Banned smoking at all restaurants. Smoking can kill innocent people who come to eat. They have to sit and smell after that they got toxic in their lung. They don't know themselves that they got toxic already. It's not fair for them to have cancer but they don't smoke. In all restaurants should fine the smokers and don't allow them to smoke. It's place for eat not for smoke. If they want to smoke, they should go out at night and smoke in the club. Club is place for drink and smoke not in the restaurant. If all restaurant can do it's very good news for me and for many people. I think government must do something. The government must have a policy or a rule for restaurants. If many people help each other, no more smoking in the restaurants. I will love to go in all restaurants. I will be so happy about that.


I'm not agree with this prohibition because I think we are cannot enforce the mind of other, observe that the past unit now nobody can enforce the other refrain from smoking but there is the one thing that the government and the social can do is legislation smoke cigarettes in place keeps. cigarette is the narcotic but be the narcotic that is lawful. It there is the narcotic but be the narcotic that is lawful. If there is the law about the suppression smokes cigarettes, certainly that to be the conflict in the government and producer, person smoke cigarettes. I think not good if have the law prohibits to smoke cigarettes but the thing that us can do is the legislation gives can smoke cigarettes in place keeps only, prohibit smoke at the public, if who disobey a role as punish according to law that public, if who disobey a role as punish according to law that the thing that the law can do and the one thing that adult will do be formed as good to the youth, fight about the bad result from smoking cigarettes and encourage give the youth not get involved with narcotic these thing might make the youth has seen the bad result from smoking cigarettes. The last thing if make a cigarette has disappeared from this world that be the best but it very difficult thing.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants. I do agree with the statement. I think no one prefers to have a bad air while eating at the restaurants or the place where they can enjoy the taste of the food. It is very harmful and dangerous for all human who do not smoke but accidently receive the bad smell from cigarettes. If the number of smokers are increasing day by day and still, in many restaurants are still warm welcome that group, the customers who have a purpose for having a great meal may decrease day by day. Smoking is not only harms other people who do not smoke or never smoke, it also gives many bad effects for the smokers. Nowadays, in Thailand, there is a campaign about attaching smoking effects pictures on the box of cigarettes. The main purposes are warning the smokers, and warning whoever wants to try to smoke seeing how cigarettes can destroy their health. I will give some example about the pictures; they are mouth and lung cancers, a death body from smoking, a disabled child whose mother smoked while being pregnant and ect. So, I really hope that this idea will work and can reduce the number of smokers. If the restaurants do not allow them to smoke, it is another way to help the government to success in this idea.


I agree with smoking should not allow in restaurant. Smoking destroy smoker and people everyone around. If someone smoke, the health will have many bad sides such as a disease, cancer in lungs and still destroy person health who live in same location. I see many people around smoke in public area and in restaurant. They smoke in university too. It no good to smoke. If punishment for smokers, it is good. Smoking still consume expenses unreasonably to make people easy to die. They have a little time to stay. A person who smoke cigarettes is not good personality in other eyes, a person around stare at and think they are not good. They are not good to follow. But many kid like to follow them because kid think it is cool but it is bad idea. So who to smoke cigarettes then should quit to smoke. It is the good idea for them and for person around them. I agree smoking should not allow in everywhere. It is bad smell and no benefit to smoke. But if the restaurant want people to smoke, the restaurant must make a corner for smoker. Tell them to smoke in the corner and away from, anyone don't smoke. It is okay to do.


In present time majority restaurant will have got rule non smoking because smoking in restaurant majority people will be antis. Every restaurants no smoking inside of the restaurant. Smoking doesn't make strong body and diseases because cigarette have a toxin to destroy body. They destroy health both smoker and people around smoker. The smoker will be not healthy brave to have ability to do sickness and included person in family. Now, many people are a cancer from smoking. It is a problem for health. I think if a youth smoking and if their parents know that they will be serious or worry about that. They are smoking have many reason. First, family their parent smoking that is bad example to children. Second, friends are smoking you may be smoking too. Finally, if you have strain you will smoking for solve a problem which is very wrong. I am good luck because my family don't smoking they are is a best example for me. But some family are smoking which may be a children smoking too. In addition, some people must die from smoking. However, we don't smoking because it's destroy your health. Therefore, who are smoking now you must to give up smoking in order to yourself and your love.


Restaurants are public places and pollution free. atmosphere within the restaurant will need to be eaten fresh. In each meal, food is useful to the human body. Therefore, restaurants will be an atmosphere of purity and pollution free. Smoking in restaurants and destroying the atmosphere polluting the restaurant. Will receive guests in the restaurant from cigarette toxins in to the body. To eat each meal, or in public places. We want to be clear, fresh and good atmosphere free from dust, pollution and smoking. Manners in a restaurant environment destroying themselves and others. And also interfere with other people. Enables consumers to store food poisoning in tobacco smoke into the body. Causing the aircraft to beam other customers and consumers lose the atmosphere of eating food. Smoking should be smoking in a smoking but not smoking where smoking is prohibited. In cigarette smoke contains nicotine which is toxins to the body. When smokers go very will accumulate toxins in the body and will harm the body as a substance causing lung cancer and other intestinal finally died in the end. So I do not agree with smoking in restaurants. It will not only harm themselves but also harm other around the beam and lost body build in a restaurant with atmosphere.


It is generally accepted that smoking is hazardous to the health of smokers themselves. And the people nearby and cause of premature death. Yard type compounds in cigarette smoke causes diseases such as cancer, heart disease, ischemic disease, aneurysms air bag. World Health Organization has established smoking is one of the drug heroin. An addictive behavior, social and legal. This creates the effect of environmental health, economic and social Both direct and indirect. Current epidemic of smoking to young people increase And girls tend to smoke faster. So if the lack of continuous and serious campaign for people to see the importance And to recognize that smoking behavior. Behavior is undesirable and in practice. It is also not good for health as a whole. It has a current value of the society to live in an environment that is bright with air free from tobacco smoke disasters. The cooperation of several parties together in government and private citizens, reducing smoking rates decline with the public. So me Do not see that. Restaurants in shopping mall People smoking in the restaurant. Because it is unwanted behavior. To put the cigarette smoking in public. Which affect many people with such a friend as a bad example to kill people. The environment within the restaurant bad weather is not bright, and also causes serious is the people who do not smoke out the air that is not good to the body, which is people who do not smoke will harm from tobacco smoke. than people who smoke etc.


I agree because someone may defeated a cigarette like the smell of a cigarette because a cigarette has the smell wildly especially if it is in a dining room or that restaurant is air conditioner room makes a cigarette has the smell and make a bad atmosphere and people inside don't want the smell the smell and don't want to eat anymore. It is a good statement that all restaurants should ban the smoking but in practical it is hardly force people to not smoke in the restaurants. However, if the owners are very strict, it is possible to see non of people to smoke in the restaurants. For example, in many 2 or 3 starts restaurants don't allow people to smoke, and the customers follow the rules. But, if there are some customers who want to smoke while waiting for the food or while having alcohol, there is a place for smoking only or we call it as a smoking area. In hotel, nearly all of the restaurants separate places for smokers and non smokers to have food. For example, in the beach, the restaurants ask the customers whether they prefer to have non smoking room or smoking room. Then take the customer to the chosen places. It seems that all people happy to see that. If the restaurants cannot ban people because it's personal choice, they should separate who want or doesn't want to smoke.


I agree with banning smoking in restaurants because it might negatively impact of the atmosphere in the restaurant. Besides, cigarette smoke makes no harm to the body that are the ones who smoke and those around. Causing many diseases have come followed such as cancer, heart attract. The shop should be held the policy or campaign for banning smoking. If all restaurants cooperate with each other, the number of smokers will drop down and all is gone at the end. In school, there should be a campaign also to teach students to not try to smoke. The teachers may show the pictures about people who got effects from smoking. Students may discuss how smoking is dangerous or how it harms people. They may discuss about advantages and disadvantages. Then they may see the results how less advantages they can think of smoking and how amount of effects from smoking they found. It is not only restaurants to decide to ban the smoking, the country should support them too. If the government support, it will be stronger and people will follow without argument. It is another suggestion to promote banning smoking in all restaurants. Someone should start this campaign as soon as possible.


I agree with the statement of course to ban smoking in restaurants. But I think not all restaurants but should be the restaurants that serves food only. For the restaurants that sell alcohol or have mini bar may allow people to smoke because it is personal reason. Everyone has their own choice and favorite so smoking is not fault but must be in a right or appropriate place. The one who want to smoke must select the restaurants that provide place for them to smoke. They shouldn't do in the restaurants that kids is eating because it can destroy their body. They are just innocent so don't do it. the restaurants should have clearly signs in front of the restaurants this place welcome or don't welcome people to smoke. To be safe, there should be both areas for both of them. smoking and non smoking areas. Many restaurants to do and many restaurants also that don't welcome they said it is dangerous for other people. In air condition room, must completely ban smoking because the smell will spread all over the room and don't go out. People in that room will take toxic into their body and their body will be very bad smell. So I think it should ban smoking in some places, but not all restaurants because it's personal choice.


Students should not smoke in the restaurants because it become not a good look. Not only students but other people who still do smoking should stop that also. Therefore smoking can make around people get cancer as well as people who do smoking. However, smoking would destroy the lungs themselves, and cause age short. I think that, it every one are not smoke in this the world people strength health. In addition to smoke could destroy the lungs, life of smoker, family and love us. We students, and exercise more than smoking. It students must make parent sad with friends. In particular students desist from learning because smoking with friends. In fact smoking is not good, it can help tension from some people. But student should smoke in the school or in public. However, some people like smoke because they think that smoking made them happy. But how students are students, and smoker would look at before lateral people. Students should keep health them because they are teenage. They would use free time useful such as exercise, football, swimming and play games funny, or hang out. However, students would do duty learn, and not smoke in the restaurant or in public.


Smoking is consisted of many toxic gases, such as Acetone, Mercury, Carbon monoxide, Cadmium, Tar. These substances could make environment and people contaminated. Although, some people do not smoke but those still receive the fume from smoker. We called second hand smoke. In restaurant should be banned smoking because smoking can make someone annoyed or get smell bad. Restaurant should prepare the places outside to smoking e. g. nearly lavatory and attach No smoking label in eating room. This policy not only make customer satisfied but can be attractive customer more. Smoking is bad for health. It can damage a lot of body system e. g. Brain, Liver, Lung, Stomach. Consequently, It leads to make many diseases example Cancer, Cardiovascular infraction, problem about respiratory. So, you should not smoke in the restaurants or anywhere that innocent people are staying. I want to see people care and respect about others as well as they care about themselves not just only please themselves but hurt other people. The policy cannot success if we don't cooperate and help each other to solve it. if we pay attention to it as well as we practice it, any problems can be solved easily and no more harm in the social.


Prohibition to people smoking in restaurants is a good thing because the restaurant's atmosphere appealing to people to have more regulation. No smoking in the restaurant is full, because I can see that it is not appropriate if you want to smoke should not really have to smoke outside the restaurant because smoking not only looks good to destroy the environment as well. yourself and the people in the restaurant because it is not slander good restaurant is a place where people come to eat and we get what we want on the business and others who eat the food then I want both taste and atmosphere of the restaurant so will notice that almost every restaurant will have no smoking which is good if people follow the restaurant atmosphere is clean without pollution, more food tastes good all the time. What attracts people as well. Good pollution free atmosphere to be clean if there is 'no smoking signs' in stores and people to comply strictly. So restaurant must provide 'no smoking signs obviously' easy to see and warn people every time 'this place not allow you to smoke'. It is can help to stop them to smoke in restaurants. May talk about the punishment if they smoke many people need to pay for 2000 baht if they smoke in public place and forbidden place. So must apply and use it.


It is interesting that smoking cigarettes cause many bad things and contain many disadvantages for all human including smokers and non smokers, but people still smoke cigarettes everywhere including restaurants that is the place for order food and eat. Many dangerous from smoking for example lung canner, heart attack, some diseases about month and breath and many and many bad things. They studied about bad things from smoking when they are at school but they don't apply in the real life. They don't realize that it is really bad thing to do. The smoke goes around themselves and effect those people around them too. Imagine that people are having fun with the food then smell very bad with smoking, I think it is not fun at all to eat food. Some of them might ask for bills then leave the restaurants and never come back again because the restaurants careless about them. Smokers must be a good manner, they must not smoke in the restaurants and public places. If they really addicted smoking, they have to go outside and make sure that the smoke don't get into the restaurants. If the restaurants are open air, I think the smokers mustn't smoke at all. They must concern other hearts. If they can do, they will be a good smokers and mannered. People don't blame about that.


I agree that, the food shop will should not smoke cigarettes, because, smoking cigarettes makes the body stingy, and still make the cancer as well, that cigarette has a lot of toxin and still are one kind narcotic, there is cow substance condemns, which, cow substance condemns this is a substance built the cancer, someone,, be the disease air bulge blistered sac etc., this cigarette will outside make to is the disease all, already make the health tottering, and might make be addicted to smoke as well, we should not smoke cigarettes, because, will go to destroy the health of oneself, and still go to destroy the health of the other with. Thus we will then should not smoke cigarettes in the place has many person, such as, the food shop is because, be the place, at everybody wants the happiness, while, have a meal, if, smell a cigarette or, the smell is all, as a result, will make a person in a shop has mental not good health, therefore a person who smoke cigarettes should quit for oneself and a person around, don't give the other must wait for a scapegoat go to with. Cigarette that penalty abounds to measure extremely build the illness at all times, sometimes kill the cells. Firstly that penalty is lose one's money the gold, as two malign the glory, as three make the disease very have, as last four meet one's death.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned in all restaurants because nobody is supported because it is very bad thing to do when people have food and should not be made or produce because it will make others suffer with clients and customers will pumping inhale tobacco smoke into the body, it would be if the child is not appropriate. Map narrowed to smoke because of the danger to children if they think the smoke should smoke outside the restaurant out if the shop owner to customers smoking in restaurants has narrowed the restaurant will make it ineffective and no. Standard cigarette making and giving customers less if the owner wishing to attract customers or clients think that smoking should be thinking to find a place to smoke, but customers should not smoke in a restaurant because smoking is dangerous. It is hard to find reasons why restaurants should allow people to smoke. It is bad for them and other people. It may good for the owner to earn a lot of money because many customers like to smoke. But it is very bad idea to do because you are making people destroy their heaths as the same destroy of other.


Have you ever seen somebody smoking when you are eating at restaurant? I really sure you are not like it, me either. I never like to see people smoke in the restaurants. I can barely stand on its smell and I feel that I am going to die because I can't take a breath. There is no one in this world want to smell toxic fumes from your cigarette. There are many places to smoke, for example, If you are having dinner and you need to smoke just go outside no one will abuse you for sure. In the restaurant. There are many children and if you smoking those children will get your toxic fume from your cigarette. How about if you smoking in air condition room, many people will smell your cigarette for sure. Lots of friends in university love to smoke cigarette when we have a break, some of them sit on the stairs and keep smoking. You know it's very bad look and its smell also goes around the building. Don't understand why they have to smoke. So the government should created a law to banned smoking in the restaurants. If there is no law about banned smoking in the restaurant anymore do you thing anyone want to go restaurant and eat food with toxic fume?


I am strongly agree. Because smoking will do you and people in the restaurants bad healthy. Besides inside the restaurant have bad smell. When a lot of people in the restaurant receive bad smell, it was done yours bad healthy. Perhaps I think, should have regulation for restaurant. Or when have person smoking in the restaurant, the owner fine person. And smoking has pollution in the restaurant. Cigarette was done people bad healthy. The owner of the restaurants should put a big sign in front of the restaurants that no smoking in this place. If all the restaurant bane smoking, it reduce people to smoke because no one welcome. I go to the restaurant and someone smoke, I ask him to stop smoking and he ignore so I ask the owner to change my table. I still smell the cigarettes so I ask them to check my table and I go out. If the restaurants don't allow smokers, they won't lost a customer who don't like smoking. Smoking make people have lung cancer and mouth cancer. It's very suffering when dying. I see many pictures about people who have cancer from smoking. It's very dangerous and disgusting. I really hope that it will be completely banned soon.


How about a smoking? Have you seen someone smoking before? Or you have been smoking. Do you know what effects that smoking makes? Smoking makes many results to all around. I will give you an example that how a smoking effected. Smoking is bad for your health. If you are smoking, you will be a victim of smoking. It is increase the chance of cancer. Each year people who die by the cancer are increase. If you don't want to be a cancerous, please stop smoking. Not only your health but another people's health will get an effect from smoking too. And they will get the worse effects because they don't have a protection. The victim from smoking can be everyone your parents, your friends, children or people around you. Stop smoking if you care them. You will lose the money for smoking. In some country the vat for these goods is high. You don't think that you are stupid to pay for extravagant thing that make your health to bad. Conclusion, these are a few of bad thing from smoking. It has more results that smoking effect to. The pay of smoking is more and higher than you know.


I agree in Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is very dangerous. Smoking in public such as, cinema, park is inappropriate because smoking is danger to smoker and people around smoker. Smoking is one types in Narcotic. I think the government must have smoking zone for smoker in, park, shopping mall etc. In restaurants it is place at people go to have breakfast, lunch or dinner etc. I think people want a good place for a rest from hard work and meeting with family or friend. People want to eat delicious food. People do not want to stink. Stink is danger from smoke. Smoking made people feel bad when we eat delicious food and scent smoke. In some people when they receive the smoke it made they sneeze and it effect to they lung. Government should have campaign to people smoking decrease and campaign to blame from smoking. To reduce Global warming. Government should have legislation to the illegal. I think Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is very important in Thailand. Everybody should to do for we country.


I agree at the food shop prohibits to smoke cigarettes within a shop because how much is smoking cigarettes that is the thing that the social refuses to watch because smoking cigarettes that causes is born a lot of dangerous build oneself life and a person around and cause a lot of dangerous and smoking cigarettes in food that shop are doing lay the atmosphere within a shop and make to cover wait for beside that feel annoyed and if a person has the symptoms is the disease the allergy, how much are might make set that person is born the symptoms is defeated and might make to have dangerous arrive at the life have of that person with and smoking cigarettes that are doing money harm by oneself directly and injure to cover indirect other and the behavior such are not good behavior which who is the behavior aforementioned is the behavior that many person not the edge how much because, smoking cigarettes rucksack doing lay many the thing s badly down thus a person who s smoke cigarettes, should go to smoke at shop area will have made to keep smoke cigarettes especially is the behavior better comes out to smoke at the public thus me then agrees that.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Now a day, everybody known as smoking is bad for our health. Therefore, many people still smoking. Somebody does not have the manner. Sometimes they are smoking in the public area. In the restaurants, the place that should not smoking. Smoking make persons around you lose the fresh air and taste in their meal. It has a lot of reasons to ban the people who smoking in the restaurant. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason is they make the pollution air in the restaurant. It makes people lose the good taste in their meal. It can make the consumer in the restaurant be allergy. Pollution that made from the smoker can make the consumer can be make bad effect to them. It really bad when you smoking in the public area, and that are not the good for people around the smoker. You must not smoking because it is not good for you and the persons around you. If you want to have a good health you must exercise and eat the healthy food, fresh food and cooked food for the better health.


I think that smoking is dangerous. It can kill both direct and indirect way. The direct means when you smoking, some smoke and chemical access to your body after that all bad diseases will show the results. You may be sick at the beginning but after that you will find out all cancer cells works and they going to kill each part of your body rapidly. The indirect is the man who is not smoking but accidently sitting beside the smokers also receive chemical from cigarettes. This poor man is very unlucky. He never knows that something bad already go through his body. When he met smokers over and over again, finally, he will have the same bad effects from cigarettes as well as the smokers. Another point, it is my personal view which isn't based on any other ideas or research. I think smoking can cause global warming as well. Why I think like that because there is smoke! When many people keep smoking and the number is increasing day by day, in all country around the world. Our world is covered with all smoked from the cigarettes. Finally people may die from the smoke of cigarettes. So if you are attracted to smoking in restaurants is not even good because it makes other people injured from cigarette smoke. It is not a good idea, so it must be banned!


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with this sentence because people might dislike who is smoke in the restaurant. Most people go to restaurant for eating and drinking. So they will don't like to bad smell from cigarette. Smoking can makes you get sick from another disease. Your lung will be burn from smoke that you get into your lung. And if smoke from cigarette fall to food eater will get sick too. Smoke from cigarette has a lot of bad way for us. It will make us to get sick and black lung. Banning smoking in the restaurant help everyone get a good health and save our healthy to not ill. Some restaurants, can smoke in there. Most kind of these restaurant are Pub or Bar. It's for drinker go to drink and talk. Which persons who goes to there are not love their health because if you both drink and smoke together, you will have a bad healthy more. If you drink only you can get least a number of diseases and you smoke only you can get least a number of disease too. But if you both drink and smoke you will get a lot of disease from your using life.


Smoking see everywhere now people smoke happily but those around upset it but no where to go and can't tell to stop. In restaurants must allow smoking it toxic and chemical harm people smell it. The government promote the campaign stop smoking, people break the rules must pay money and if do it again go to jail. But a few people follow the campaign. Still see people smoke in public they don't care when look at their faces they look at my face back and don't are still keep smoking. Bad person and want to knock him. In the restaurants owners also smoking with customers so customers smoking don't take serious with banning. If people care smoking in restaurants can disappear and no one do smoking. In restaurants people must eat and take family to the restaurants to listen to music and enjoys menus but smoking can kill people. Someone easy to sick and smell the smoke then go to hospital. Who pay for it, no one. Because they don't have responsibility like a unkind man. Love to hurt themselves and people. Want to see people respect the campaign and don't do it please. Poor people get sick without know before it is a sin.


Agree with the smoking is not good healthy and may be destroying the people don't smoke as well, because smoking may be a drug that can cause people to various diseases such as lung disease larynx teeth are not good or may include liver disease, with smoking and can also kill many people. For example, many countries have prohibited smoking campaigns in public areas, restaurants and so on in the Government upon. Thailand should have smoking campaigns too and have rules to stop people smoking. Smoking can hurt and kill many people many times, but I still have some of the people. Smoking is also used to relieve Eceid. But in fact it is killing itself indirectly that smoking is not good for anyone. For the smokers and all people that smell the smoke. Who smoked cigarettes for a long time For a period of several years. May cause lung disease, yellow, black larynx in the neck broken. And may lead to a hole in the neck, or if a pregnant woman will have lost a child in the stomach. Property may be made between children with disabilities may need. If you like to smoke, should think about people who don't smoke. Stop hurt them with smoking. A good way is stop to smoke. Your health and many people will save from cancers and many diseases from smoking.


Smoking Smoke is the one of famous thing that people do in the world. Now, many kind of cigarettes are produce from many companies. However, the numbers of the smokers have increase every years and the smokers are younger every years either. To think about it why do we have to smoke? For students, they give a few reasons for smoking. First, they follow their friends who smoke to keep their friendship. Next, they smoke because they see adults and they want to try it. Final, they just find the way to relax their body from doing something. For adults, they are same as the students. They just try to relax from the problem they have in everyday life. Sometime, if we ask them they can't answer why they smoke For old man, they have an easy answer for us. It is their hobby because they smoke for long time, so it is not strange for them to answer like this. At last, no matter what the reason is people should not smoke. It doesn't have anything good in it. All we got from smoking is bad health body. And it will make you sick for sure. From the reason I got they just have to do something else to keep them away for smoking.


Not agree with smoking in restaurants. Because of bad climate and affect. Per person, and that many people think. Should not smoke in places with many people and should. To smoke in no smoking people affect many things such as heart disease, lung cancer, pregnancy and babies. Smoking and oral health. Smoking on gastrointestinal diseases. Women should not smoke it will affect the bust. When children with asthma to tobacco smoke is smoke and was breathing out. Smoke came out there was smoke carcinogens. The first is the smoke inhalation in addition. Will directly affect the pump but also to others in the atmosphere. Of smoke inhalation remove toxicity from cigarette smoke go by. Harmful as smoking cigarettes to eating people. I do not want the atmosphere is not good If someone smoking in a restaurant will allow only one atmosphere. Brit not breathe and will make others look bad to our lungs will get. Things and you cannot go. the respiratory system is not easy for you. People who do not smoke are more people who smoke. Most people do not like smoke because it makes the breath I do not like men who smoke other people think like me


From the statement, I think it shouldn't be banned the smoking in all restaurants because there are a lot of people who smoke but the restaurants need a place for smoking, especially it cannot disturb others. For another reason, the restaurants can earn a lot of money from smokers as well as earn from non smokers, so they have to grab both types of customers. Their job is how to keep both of them to still use the service with them. One possible solution that I can notice from many restaurants here already provided special places for smokers such as at the yard, the back of the restaurants, or special rooms. It's very good idea and all smokers and non smokers love that. They can get both of them and all people are satisfied. It's not necessary to ban smoking in all restaurant. The more dangerous of smoking is people do it in public places. This is should be banned rather than in all restaurants. Once I take a mini bus in front of the university and I smelled the cigarette smoke from the driver. Not only me but all passengers got that. We can't breathe and I want to get off the bus but I can't because I have no money left. It's very suffering. So as I said, in the restaurants shouldn't ban smoking, but the public places must ban.


I disagree why ban smoking? Currently, smoking is popular with the public of children to adults. Regardless of the place used to smoke for the example hotel, restaurant, cinema and personal surrounding daily life together. People often think of personal happiness, rather than considering the penalty, it will affect how their own and society. Due to cigarette smoking in restaurants is public places where people come to use service so much whether it is children, workers, old people. Thus, smoking in public areas is not suitable to cigarette smoking because the danger of smoking can be harmful not only those who smoked only cigarettes but it have an affect on around people. cigarette contains substances by Nicotine. Nicotine is a substance harmful to life and Caused many serious diseases such as Cancer, Pulmonary Emphysema and each other a lot. In terms of business operators about hotel and restaurant. Smoking is also negatively impact businesses such as Expenses increased to remove odor and smoke accumulated on the one bed linen, carpets, air in Various rooms. As well as that smoking is the cause of people who care In health and. Attention to surrounding. If the hotel does not control smoking and reduce smoking within the hotel, they do not choose to use service at that hotel.


I think that not agree smoking public places because it will interfere with other people and cigarette smell. When they are inhaled very dangerous to life, the smell of someone smoking is likely to life, the smell of someone smoking is likely to cause headaches. They should be pumped to where provided for those. Who want to fight smoking in public places are not good people looked at us as bad people do not have self  discipline may be other people that gossip. Indirectly harm other because not enough to hurt themselves to hurt anyone and if the smell when we inhale tobacco into a life threatening, such as newborn children could chock on the smell of cigarette smoke. Some people, just could not breathe and we feel that these dense cabinet a good way, we should not be smoking at all of our health is strong. When the smoke would have to pay more money to buy cigarettes. When we are install a lot more to lose money by when we went to sit and eat food where it should not smoke at all. It will negatively affect those around you. Some time offensive to people who are eating, standing, waiting for bus or other people. We should think of our minds heart. People may not like, smoking in time. People who smoke do not like that's not known. This happens a lot and everywhere. There should be law to smoke in public places. Most disturbing to others may not able to enjoy the smell of cigarettes.


Smoking at restaurant are bad action. The restaurant is the place to have eating. Smoking should be banned in all pubic places. If have someone have smoking. Why don't you have smoking another place. You could have smoking at the smoking area. A smoking has affect the health of others. The smoker lead to detrimental health condition are very much so present to society. Many people could die so stop smoking. The smoker may cause cancer. I think that we should not be smoking in public place because many people can cause from fume smoke. I never to smoke cigarettes because smoking is harmful for other people. Although the person who smells, It will gets harmful more than the person who is smoking. The effect of smoking so many reasons. The first reason there is the smoking will be beginning infectious disease with yourself. The second reason there is if you have smoking in a long time. The carbon dioxide from cigarette are made for accumulate with your body. You will do die in a short time. The finally if you smoking will beginning damage with your beloved until another people. You can stop. If you can do that. The smoker will be not healthy.


Gallery of smoking causes disease. For myself as a person who does not like Bush because Buri Gallery attracted to destroy the bronchial respiratory tract but also to destroy the air bag air bag causes aneurysms. And is objectionable to people nearby. Smoking tobacco flavor of the cut to go anywhere. Thailand also smoking more and more because Thai children curious to try the new matter. Many people may already know that smoking makes us seriously bad mouth black personality and also got bad smell. They might not know themselves but I speak to someone who always smoke, I can smell how bad smell their months got. If not, smoking will suffer from severe dysentery symptoms mad because of the effects of the Bush Gallery. But when I smoke then it's a vivid, emotional speak musically diligent because the effects of smoking drugs. Acids to brain nerve Public asked to help parents teach kids not to teach children to smoking. The parents should not just teach or tell their kids to not smoke, but I think they must don't do it either. Many parents instruct their kids to be good ones but in the same why they never practice for show for their kids so kids may not believe them. so if want the students to stop smoking or try to smoke, the parents should not smoke either. So far, not only in the restaurants but all public places and office should ban smoking.


At the food shop smoke cigarettes should be banned because smoking cigarettes is bad to a human has caused the disease all at most the smoke that from a cigarette stinks to cause the disease carries and the cancer in the lungs, agree because, the food shop is the public land has a person greatly when, there is a person comes to have a meal make lose the smack of the food because, the smoke from a cigarette stinks to make insert crow medicine in eating but, if, we don't smoke cigarettes to make us has good atmosphere in good eating, there is bright mind, get food deliciously smack, get the air that is pure make a customer reaches a shop more and more, there is good our income should fight to smoke cigarettes and put up a sign the notice prohibit to smoke cigarettes at the public, cigarette smoke injures a human, cause the cancer in the lungs and are the disease all, a cigarette is one addictive kind that make human substance sticks but, if, smoke greatly make the disease has all, now Thai child has smoking cigarettes greatly and an adult make a child see in smoking cigarettes cause dangerous to smoking cigarettes human announce greatly if, a store misses to sell a child age 18 year, a child nowadays, miss smoke turn to play all activity for, be born the advantage doesn't change one's mind to smoke cigarettes.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, I strongly agree that not smoking at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is the bad behavior. Smoking is very harmful and affect with health. People died if they smoking for a long time. It should have the champagne for quitting the smoking thing so it will reduce the smoker for the smoking and if the school teaching the children in the good way so it will have opportunity that the children will transmission the information about how bad of the smoking it is. And the smoking is very waste of money and instead that you can take your money to your future of your kid. And if you smoke when you are playing in the family your kids will get the bad advantage such as the lungs cancer, and something with the heart or they called Heart Attack. You should bring your money to do the many good thing are better than to bring your money to buy the cigarette. And then quit it out to make you get heartier and can live longer than you are smoking and it has to be that.


Smoking in restaurant should not be a criminal offense. This action is very bad manners. Cigarettes are nasty smelly to around male. In addition smelly cigarette smoke also contains toxic. Cause negative effect on both the smokers and those nearby. So should not smoke in restaurants. The restaurant facilities should be a place for smokers in particular. Had a label warning to not allow smoking in restaurants or other areas with more guests because cigarette smell is disturbing other guests. We can lead to other guests, offensive, and we will not in the restaurant. Resulted in fewer and guests of the restaurant business with the poor. However when you smoking you can't stop it which it like drug. So you must stop smoking in dinning for you and everybody in dinning if you want smoking you should go leave dining room. Unless everybody in dining room will think that you're behaving badly. So in society won't accept you and smoke of cigarette is a cause of cancer and other disease. So you shouldn't smoking because it don't have an advantage and it's make you bad health and important thing it's can destroy your lover and everybody close by you. When you stop smoking you can save everybody close by you. So please stop smoking for your health and far from cancer.


Smoking is something that teenagers today are popular smoking same fashion without knowing the penalty for smoking tobacco. Smoking is addictive substance that is harmful to the body. Smoking is not just physical abuse male smoking itself only to hurt people around you and the environment as well I think smoking in restaurants is not appropriate because the department is most people come to eat and maybe have children to eat by smoking is not suitable to smoke in restaurants because it is a danger to people nearby. They like to smoke but other don't so don't hurt people who want to eat by having smoking inside the restaurants. The servers should tell them to stop because they hold the right to tell customers in the restaurants not the customers. If the servers cannot handle it they should tell the managers or the owners to get rid of that person. I mean to take them out the restaurants but before that they must try to talk with the smokers nicely. If the smokers still acting rude to them. I think the guard should throw them out of the restaurants and ban them to come back again ever. Thus, smoking should be completely banned in the restaurants.


I do not agree with smoking, because smoking can cause many types of diseases. When people go to eat at the restaurants, there must be signs for forbidding smoking. People must respect regulations or rules so everyone can live together happily. If someone wants to smoke, that one should step outside the restaurants or go to other areas so that the smoking cannot harm others. People whoever love just having meals, they will enjoy their dishes and go back home happily. I think if people take action into the policy that the restaurants should not allow people to smoke, this problem could be fixed easily. The problem is that even they put the signs in front of the restaurants, some of them still allow people to smoke in the restaurants. And many customers don't respect and follow the rules. They just do whatever they want without care about other people who don't enjoy with the smoke. Many people die in a recently year because of smoking. Lives in city is very dangerous, not just only get smoke from cars and factories, but we also get smoke from cigarettes. How can we have a healthy life? It is very hard to get it. I hope that, people can do it, there should be cooperatives between smokers and the owners of all restaurants. If they respects the rules and cooperate with each other, banning smoking can be happen.


Smoking is a bad thing. It also hurt our health as well. Alternatively, and also hurt other people around us. In restaurants, we should stop or prohibit smoking. It gives others the smell or not satisfied.. I agree with most people in social smoking. Little to no smoke. Smoking is a drug or drugs. Of smoking in restaurants to make others see us in the eye. We should not smoke in the restaurant division number. If smoking in restaurants to make other people smoking. Not a good way not smoke. It may cause danger to health or smelly nasty to others around the side. Should go back to smoking at home. Smoking is directly damage health. It also hurt others. Some of the restaurant is non smoking. Because smoking in restaurants is not good It also affects people who are around him. If a good idea to go eat. We should not smoke in restaurants. If the waiter to see people smoking in restaurants should say or suggest that smoking areas away empty We need to see what should or not smoke in stores. We must now consider that when we are eating. We should not smoke. Or if people or other people are eating. We should not smoke. We must think the people who live around them. Smoking a drug or drugs that harm the people around him or drugs. Smoking is not healthy that we should quit, but quitting smoking is difficult. We should stop or stay a once in a time Smoking in restaurants that will make us who fall into the other eye. Because others will look to. Sometimes in a restaurant if someone we do not smoke much. It might make the smell or smoke. People in the store may do not look happy.


I think that smoking is hazardous to the health of people who smoke and those around because smoking contains a lot of toxic to the cancer cause. In restaurants that people regarded as a public service generally used to relax and eat food that we want the taste of good food and good atmosphere. I was the one who hate the tobacco and all about smoking. When I saw anyone who is going to smoking, I will go outside that place or go out. I think they should go smoke in the smoke that the restaurant provided or should not smoke because it is not time to smoke when you go to the restaurant. They should think it is time for eating, they should have fun for eating and enjoy the taste. Why they have to smoke in the restaurants, that doesn't make any sense for me at all. To smoke outside will not disturb the people around you so it might be good for other people. They should honor and respect the privacy of others. I agree with them so that prohibited smoking at restaurant because at least we can place free from tobacco smoke causes cancer and the environment around us is not good to have delicious food. Free from toxic environments.


A cigarette is a small roll with paper. It's has tobacco in a cylinder of paper. The cigarette is different from cigar that cigarette is smaller than cigar. A cigarette made from dry tobacco, past the chemical process and and add other substances. Gas of smoking include of chemical more than 4, 000 types and some of its is the toxin. Such as, Nicotine, Tar, Potassium nitrate, Mercury, Lead, Caffeine, Carbon monoxide and Arsenic etc. Smoking is the cause of death that can be protect. Smoking add the chance of Lung cancer and air sac aneurysms. Women who is pregnant and smoke cigarette have the chance to miscarry. Ever year will have deceased more than 400, 000 human. The government must pay mamy the cost of medical care. The disease of smoking cigarette, such as, Heart disease, smoker has the chance 5 times when compare with the people who don't smoke. Lung cancer, 85 percent of Lung cancer patient come from smoking. Oral disease, Smoking can be the cause of Oral cancer and Gum cancer. The oral tissue is destroyed by gas of Smoking. Smoking cigarette have only demirits but have no benefit. Not only smoker but also the people around the smoker diseased. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with in this sentence because smoking is bad for health. It makes our health are unhealthy, if we smoke our smell it. In the others public shouldn't have smoking because it makes a bad air and dangerous for children and woman. In at all restaurants is the place of important to have many people, so its doesn't has smoking. All restaurants have to ban people for smoking because the restaurants have many food and people are eating food in there. They are smoking in the public make other people are unhealthy. In the other hands, we may be make a place for smoking to far the people. Moreover, the park, the theater, the mall the hospital, the school and the place to have many people. We are protected and treat children to far from smoking. We should use the time have the most useful, especially exercise, singing, reading, travel, listening to music, do homework, do activities etc. if we don't smoking, we will have a healthy is better. We don't make other people trouble, the air is a fresh and people are relaxed. If people smoking least, everything are happy, everyone are happy too. And everywhere are nice place.


Currently, smoking is damaging the health of themselves and others. Cause diseases such as lung disease clear the air bag inflated. In most cases, men tend to smoke more than women. Might be caused by hard work. Stress from lack of money to spend on a daily basis, unemployment is smoking some people already want to quit smoking. Due to advice from family That makes smokers want to quit smoking. That the problem exists how to quit smoking. The way it has turned into such a variety of their favorite sport. It is how best alternative. Or method to quit smoking by gradually To reduce smoking, such as from smoking 10 cigarettes per day was lower on day 5 cigarettes per day, another smoking in public places is illegal. Because it themselves. And other bad health. And the government had to take the tax money collected from the public part of the cost of treatment of the disease, clear the air bag inflated by smoking. Make the government lose tax revenue from people who pay taxes. In fact, this tax revenue can be used for nine developing countries that face a street, such as electricity, water, etc. Therefore, smoking is not good. Made in the treatment of social obligations. And treatment of smokers. It also hurt the people we love his family and country.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think it is a good thing if smoking is banned at all in the restaurant because I believe that some people hate smoker including me. It is a bad habit if you smoke everywhere without care about other people. You are bad so much if you destroy other people and yours also. Restaurant is a public place, so you should think about people around you carefully. You can not lie that you do not know smoking is dangerous. Aspectually if you have a child – daughter or son, smoke will make your child has a short life. Do you still smoke? You should stop it now. Quit smoking is not easy, but it is not too difficult. You can do everything if you want and understand it is your benefit for your health, and your lover. Start with you and your country will be clean. Our earth will be fresh again lf everyone is intend to keep it. No one can help you it depends on you only, so believe me I love you, I already warn you from my heart. Everyone will be health in our country.


Smoking in restaurant shouldn't be a criminal offense. people know smoking laws because it is illegal. If people smoking in public places will being arrested or fined. Today, smoking law is strictly. Some company not employ people who smoking because company think smoker are risk of disease more than people do not smoke. Smoking law is very important. When smoking law came out, people follow it. There decrease smokers and made people have better health. On other reason, which decrease smokers because of cigarettes are more expensive. Today, many organizations campaign and against of smoking. Smoking is harmful health. Smokers is disease and harmful people who around. The smoking ban in restaurant is so good because it harmful and effect to people around and made the air is not pure. I think smoking laws is good. I feel not good when I near smoker. They have body order. I hate them. Today, everyone should know smoking laws because it benefit for us. We will not make illegal and not objectionable from a social. It is very important to daily life very much. Not forget. Also everyone should be resist smoking in the restaurant and public. Although will have campaign to stop smoking but cannot decrease the quantity of person smoke cigarettes immediately. And last must die with the cancer.


According to Americans for Nonsmokers' Rights, as of October 2009 71% of the U. S. population lives under a ban on smoking in "workplaces, and/or restaurants, and/or bars, by either a state, commonwealth, or local law, " though only 41. 2% live under bans in all workplaces and restaurants and bars. In many states have enacted smoking bans in all general workplaces and public places, including bars and restaurants (though many of these exempt tobacconists, cigar bars, casinos, and/or private clubs). The remaining 11 states in the US have no statewide smoking ban at all, though many cities and/or counties in most of those states have enacted local smoking bans to varying degrees (though Oklahoma prohibits local governments from passing smoking laws at all). So as the previous study, I want to see Thailand ban smoking in all public places (including bars and restaurants). Thai government should prohibits smoking in restaurants, and also extend to workplaces or any other businesses. We can control people to smoke as well as we can sell it. Smoking is not that bad because it can help someone to release their stressful (as they believe), and it helps the government to get some income for the country. So how can we deal with smokers, my summarization is about either banning them or put place for them.


Cigarette smoke contains over 4, 000 chemicals. Of those chemicals, 40 of them have been proven to cause cancer (SWAT). It's no wonder why a bill is being passed to ban smoking in all public places. However, this will have the greatest effect on restaurants across the nation. The next great smoking debate will decide whether you can "puff" in restaurants. In a democracy, like the one we live in, the majority rules, while trying to respect the rights of the minority. In this case, the minority being smokers, seem to have more rights than the majority. But the majority has taken it into their owns hands and passed a bill to ban smoking in all public places. The ban would only apply to the common areas of the restaurants, especially if the dining areas were enclosed and had a separate entrance. Smoking, however, might be prohibited in a lobby if a nearby restaurant wasn't enclosed. The restaurants should consider how to manage the place for smoking as well as place for eating. That shouldn't be together. I agree to ban smoking in the restaurants but as the same way it is doesn't need to be all restaurants if they can manage well.


Smoking cigarettes in the public place gets into trouble at other person at doesn't smoke cigarettes to hate because might make a person who have the symptoms is defeated the smoke covers to make straight for is born the symptoms is defeated or, make can die, unless smoking cigarettes is will the doing harm has others already, still make the health of person smoke cigarettes to is born the disease bad, such as, the cancer the lungs, the cancer the throat, other cancer the larynx, and the disease other, a lot of again, smoking cigarettes that unless, affect bad, follow come to in the long period when keep smoking is smoker has already still make have mouth smell makes to are that hate of person social around, thus smoking cigarettes in the food shop is regarded as are smoking cigarettes in the public place, make at hate of the social as well, in smoking cigarettes that unless, will make the social has around to hate already, still make consume money will buy have no reason instead of take part that money comes to buy the food eats or, lead part that money goes to from all charity, for effective the merit follows to come to.


Thai society has now spread to smoking is very dangerous. Both smoke and the smell of cigarette smoke. When smoking was spawned what follows is a serious disease such as lung cancer, throat black teeth are wound so as to eliminate the cigarette away. Be ignored by the place that they are not smoking, especially public places. Do not agree that restaurants in shopping malls to people smoking in the restaurant. At least it is a shopping center of people of all ages. And where the air is the smell of cigarettes easy. As well as crop disease Lung well ever. People don't smoke but smell will have lung disease and cancer same smokers. People must forbid smokers in the restaurants. It to save who don't smoke and children, woman or old people if this group of people having food in the restaurants. It helps the restaurants have fresh air and look good. Food is delicious and all happy to eat. It should be big sing tell the smokers to don't smoke inside. Not welcome smokers because it's very bad for people. Smoking is not good at all we should help each other to stop them to hurt people accidently with the smoking.


I agree because with regard to smoke cigarettes within that shop is doing person location harm within the food shop and smoking cigarettes within food that shop are the behavior at should not roast extremely because, food shop majority way will very that smoke cigarettes to keep give kind that customer especially sure and smoking cigarettes that the smoke at food shop very area keep only because, if go to you a cigarette within the food shop is atmosphere good that destruction is bad atmosphere immediately and if, there is a person smokes cigarettes within food that shop, may nobody comes to have a meal that shop again because, cigarette that smoke is that make substance is born the cancer and majority source customer have a meal that, want to give body health of oneself strong the whole bunch and go to have a meal at that shop, there is a person comes to smoke cigarettes within a shop, will make source person has a meal that is dissatisfied and miss to have a meal that shop again all right because, with regard to come to have a meal this shop then to make oneself takes the toxin and hurt body. Thus me then agrees that smoking cigarettes within the food shop improperly very much.


The opinion about smoking in the public is not well manner not should to Perform. The public is place for meeting of people and the place use to exercise relax and meeting. The public is place have personal people we have to have consideration for another people in the public. Smoking in the public is regulation. We usually can positive to sure winch of regulation. That we can to seen from poster. We can seen smoking people shortly every generation example senior, elderly person, loose woman, middle aged, teenage even when child. The present smoking is a popular. However I think that smoking is wrong  doing and to make inappropriate not well which oneself and people general. While smoking have people on all sides to be the same as to harm they by the indirect. They to get the cigarette smoke or the secondhand cigarette smoke. The reasons of smoking, First relax when humans have a strain then wants to repair some people use to smoking for is repair, second, smoking same my friend or same Idol then think wants smoking. Finally, he think that smoking is a popular. The offences of smoking. First to make not strong body: second, to make laugh disease. After that to make black lip, scented in body and mouth. The repair of smoking to consult parents or consult my friend in order to treat. Second, to test cancel with one self by smoking a bit of the day from before 5 6 roll subsidies 1 2 roll in the day.


Smoking is the biggest health problem in many country. Smoking is very dangerous to health the smoker and people around the smoker have a dangerous too. It cause to many disorder such as Lung cancer and Heart disease. It made people have a shorter live and bad live. Smoking is have many advantages to health, atmosphere and environment. Your health is worse, air bad and many tree will died too. People will died if they smoking for long time, people they love will died too if you smoking around them, the baby will cried when they smelling, Mather and father will sad if you died. Your health worse and feeling bad a lot of disorder will follow if you don't give it up of smoking. I don't want to see people will died because of smoking. Now we will campaign to help the smoker to give it up. Your health will strong, atmosphere will good and air will good smelling. It very bad if you smoking I don't like people smoking because smoking is very dangerous to your health and me. Now you know about advantages for smoking you should stop if. You will take care of yourself everyone will happy and I will happy too.


I have no comment about this because my family's member is not smoking but I want to ban smoking but it impossible in Thailand and other countries in the world. I think we couldn't banned smoking because it's so impossible and we can't forbid them. Smoking can destroy the brain cell and can make human be sick and be not healthy. It' so hard and impossible to ban it because smoking is internationalism. when I was at school my friends in my classroom was smoking sometimes at the back of the school or in the toilets. They didn't care about the family much. They worried that the friends of them will laugh and don't like them to play together. Smoking is not good and no advertisement on media. But there are many sells in the internet and emails. Banned smoking is very difficult because it will make seller rich and can buy everything they need. The rich people always get everything that they want. Even we don't sell, they may go to another countries and bring a lot of cigarettes to smoke. It's hard to ban but it's possible to do. So, try to do but don't say it's hard to do without trying.


I agree that smoking should be banned restaurants to rapidly changing country. Because smoking can harm others indirectly, and it will spoil the atmosphere in the diet. All parties must have prohibited smoking in restaurants. Must be provided for them by smoking. It may take, but it must begin to have people follow. The government should set the strong rules for citizen. I will give you example in other countries where stating very strong law. For instance in Singapore any attempts to import cannabis or other drugs are punished with death by hanging, which applies even if you are unaware that they are in your possession. At the very least, in most countries, you will not be permitted to cross the border with the products still in your possession. Penalties for purchase, possession, and/or use within a given country can range from none to severe. Know the local laws. If Thailand can make such a very strong law and importantly all citizen willing to respect the law and act quickly in time can push our country to keep moving forwards to be the developed country in the near future. If people just think that this is just a small problem and is not their own business, it is hard to improve our country to be developed and all smokers will be around not just only in the restaurants for sure.


Smoking Smoking is the activity that a lot of people like to do in their daily life but they do not know that smoking is effect to their selves and it also effect to other people near them too. Almost people say that smoking help them to be happy from something. They are still smoking event they know that smoking is bad for their selves but they do not think that smoking will hurt other people near them such as your family or your co worker. But we do not have any way to stop people who like to smoke because there are too many people. So we have to take care our selves by stay far away from the people who smoking. You should learn about disadvantage of smoking and tell to yourself and the others that it is bad for heath. However, event we cannot stop people that smoking but if young people do not smoking, there will be less smoking people too. Every body's healthy is very important so you should think before you smoke that if you smoke how many people that you going to hurt them. If you really want to smoke you should smoke far away from the other people. You do not care yourself but you should care the other self.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with this sentence because I don't like people who smoke. In the restaurants will have fresh air to make people impress. While you eat your favorite food in the restaurant and then you smoking smell. It makes you unhappy and don't want to eat again. Smoke has too much of bad effect to your body. It will destroy your lung and people around smoker. If you smoke too long time, you will get lung cancer. Some smoker cough and have blood. Smoke will destroy your brain and your brain will die in slow time. When I stay near smoker, I get headache too much. I think many people around the world feel like me. The restaurants must have strong rule to banned smoking. If smoker not done, business will take them go out the restaurants because if smoker doesn't go, the restaurants will lose customer. I think all the restaurants should be completely banned smoking, not in the country but must all around the world. What more to banned, it makes smoker feel unhappy. Smoker feel unhappy from people around them and they will stop to smoke if they want to participate in social.


General smoking is danger for body and health both myself and others. Especially the smoking in a restaurant will more dangerous, because when have breakfast, we will smell cigarette smoke into body, unless it make food and atmosphere worst. There are many disadvantage of smoking in the restaurants. First, the food is not clean, because it will cigarette of smoke mixed with the food. Second, atmosphere, when we eat the food smell cigarette smoke will into body and it make around the restaurant not clean and pure. Third, it makes people in the restaurants get toxic because the smoke contains many bad chemical that can destroy all parts inside the body such as heart, blood, lung, and etc. All people not only the one is smoking will get hurt but any people who take those smoke inside the body. What if there are little kids are eating food. Will the smokers think about that if those children are their own kids, they may don't know how dangerous of smoking can kill people. It may not kill directly but it will slowly release its toxic. Smoking in the restaurant is not bad. And the smoking will danger both myself and other. The government should be banned don't smoking in the restaurant if who don't make follow. It will make hard punish.


The penalty for smoking is healthy. Debilitating smoking will make people smoke very cancer is the danger of smoking, bad breath. Page wrinkles yellow teeth in a restaurant, so the public should not be considered to be a smoking restaurant because all sources. One meal in a restaurant and want fresh air. It enables people to eat well in the food and if the smokers who will not taste the food. And no one would eat in the restaurant. Besides the meal unpalatable And also a cancer By cigarette smoke to get very upset important health is to make people look pretty, we did not separate Because if the smoke is let out to smoke outside shop. I will not lose the atmosphere inside the restaurant. And people will return to eat in this restaurant again. But ultimately smoking. It is not good with self and others. Actually, I wish to see no one smoke. No one sells so no one will smoke. Just a little hope that all country can reduce people smoking. Don't understand a lot of campaign try to reduce people to smoke and drink. But it still produces and sell. Always big questions in my mind.


Smoking is a health hazard. Because of smoking includes many different toxic species. And affect health both directly and indirectly. Toxic hazard to the body with the third group is. The first group includes. Tart or tar We see a cigarette stains ???????. This group is a group of hydrocarbons that combine with a sticky substance stuck with beef lung Qualify as carcinogenic as nicotine group two. Can result in addiction. Effects on the brain and central nervous system. Affect the digestive system. System, heart and blood circulation. The third group is the carbon monoxide gas. Which hinder the oxygen of the red blood cells. Accrue as the fat and blood vessel walls more. Smoking is a silent death with very serious danger to smokers and non smokers. In this meaning is. Smoking is harmful to all men on Earth. Because if the danger of smoking affects people smoking would only make copies Min. Smoking because people who smoke themselves voluntarily. However, because smoking affects people around you. Non smokers with It is essential to have a serious campaign together for non smokers. Therefore, in many countries around the world has legislation banning smoking in public. Because it is the indirect harm others and not healthy again.


I have thought that smoking cigarettes be the thing that happen for along time, but it still can not decrease the amount has seriously. Because the most people smoke it everyday. Although there will have posting a notice warns but behaviour still as before and important that the social wants as want to give a person who smokes cigarettes to don't smoke at the public such as the hospital, school, and at the food shop. We must build good conscious gives with the social. There is alms knowledge training and the community love a family love a person around by with regard to stop to smoke cigarettes for a person who us love. If we want to give at the restaurant doesn't have a smoking cigarettes we will have to fine and punish according to law and should have at give him smokes cigarettes individual do not disturb others. The food shop must speak gentlely with a customer before and tell him by the goodwill with them request stops to smoke cigarettes. Because sometimes a person will who smoke cigarettes may forget all right. The government will inform give every restaurant has putting up a sign slogan the penalty of smoking cigarettes keeps this thing can decrease smoking cigarettes has in the restaurant already.


If you smoking, you should stop it. because first, smoking make your teeth turn to yellow. Secound, smoking cause a lung cancer. Make your mouth smell bad. Third, when you smoke in the public you disturb people around you. Fourt, people around you will become a second hand smoker. Fifth, ashes from a cigarette may become cause of friend. Sixth, pregnant woman smoke the baby will become unhealthy. Seventh, smoking may heart disease. Finally, smoking will waste money. Reason why people smoke have many reason. First, somepeople just want to try. Secound, somepeople think smoking will make them look good. Third, somepeople have a friend that they all a smoker so, they think that they need to smoke. if they not smoke their friend will not accept them. Fouth, somepeople watch from advertisement or from movie so, they think smoking is a good thing. Finally, somechildren saw their parents smoke so, they think smoking is good thing too. A benefit if you quit smoking. First, you will become more healthy. Second, you live longer. Third, you will save more money. Fourth, you lung will work better. Fifth, you will live in society happilier. Sixth, your teeth will become whitening. Finally, a jung from cigarette will be less. From paraghrape disadvantage from smoking will make you see that smoking is danger for you and people around you so, you should quit smoking and if you try to smoke or your friend invite you to smoke "Just Say No"


I disagree because I will present about a smoking at the restaurant in the country. Now day if we don't have many modern development to international and external from foreigners. They will get by television, radio, magazine journal and newspaper. They are many problem follow; for example, they have to copy the west. The behavior and have sex before a dual. They don't think about culture in Thailand. So is smoking general at the restaurant in the country; beside. I see always have many people to smoking at the night club between drink alcohol and dancing. In the abroad have many model to smoking before start working. Sometime I ever seen superstar of Hollywood smoking in the restaurant. So do I. it is normal a lot. I ever seen in the magazine, newspaper and television usually. So in the Thailand have many people to smoking in the restaurant. Although a smoking is health problem but everyone don't care about it. it is good personality and smart everyone think so, So do I; for example, Sometime I upset or boring I must to smoke cigarette for relaxing but not every time. So is smoking in the restaurant appear and normal already.


My opinion I agree with the smoking banned at all the restaurants in the country because it is very disturbing others. I think that the smoking is not good both healthy smokers and people around him. Although people around you will not smoke but it is too dangerous can cause cancer. Some restaurant have lawns that the smoking ban which I think is correct because the restaurant is for eating, not smoking, so if the smoke is probably out to smoke outside or not disturb others. If I eat already have people smoke near me would not be satisfied and research smell cigarette may spoil the atmosphere and the feeling that food dose not taste at all. The law prohibited not smoke in restaurants, but some people are violated and make others extent. Some people may think that smoking is a personal right but they should know that should smoke where. The smoking in the restaurant make other suffer so stop smoke, please. Therefore, completely banning smoking at all restaurants in the country is good thing and everyone should follow. Although no fear of punishment but should think around you because smoking not harm smoker but also harm people nearby.


Smoking is bad. It can make your health is not good but smoking is also popular as locations as hospital, restaurant, home and college. Who do smoking, the people around feel disgusted. Smoking doesn't have good points. I very angry when I saw smoker at some place I want to kill them but I can't. I want to know why they smoking and they don't love family. Smoking is kill you and your family. I don't want to see people to smoke. In the bus stop, I saw many people smoke. They don't feel anything. But for me and many people that wait for the bus are angry and got very bad smell. Why they don't stop. We smell the bus smoke is enough. I don't want to smell from smoking anymore. I hope they will stop someday when they know that it is not good. They should love themselves and their family. I agree about banned smoking because it is very good idea to stop smokers. The politicians should help us to stop smokers. If they want to smoke, they should go back home or smoke in somewhere that people don't smell it. Smoking is very bad smell. Who smoke it like pig because a pig is dirty. I don't like so much and I hate it.


Smoking is a kind of addiction. And is giving effect to the body. Smoking because tobacco smoke pollution is spread far and wide Smoking in public is bad because it would not honor others And destroying other people side with To honor others Should be no smoking in public or in secret. No smoking in the restaurant because the restaurant because the restaurant was eating people. If smoking in stores and people will be in stores by the disadvantages. Some people are smoking in secret is considered to honor others. But for some people are not afraid of offending others. The others will not think that feelings of loss and gain from him. Smoking will destroy themselves and others and then. Destroying the environment side as well. In some countries laws prohibit smoking in restaurants. However, as observed for many other. Might be labeled. That the smoking ban such as the taxi in the toilet in a restaurant on the bus and trains in several places, but in the it will not be difficult. Some people do not listen much however what it is not in control of the restaurant smoking in public places have it. Not just in other countries. Even in Thailand, we can not control it. This problem is not the problem lightly. But it is a big problem that everyone overlooked. Some people have it, but only Because many people did not focus on this issue. Is difficult to prohibit smoking.


I agree about this topic because smoking is not a good effect for self. Everyone well known that smoking is not good but they are smoking it. Smoking there are not good effect and to take many diseases. Smoking should not smoke at the restaurant and anywhere besides you are at your home and what you do at home. Sometime you may smoke away from many people should smoke just only one. Smoking at the restaurants be should not because at the restaurant there are many people which may danger for people sometime that place may have baby and lady which to effect for them. The restaurants is the place for service therefore should not smoke this place. Smoking after eating is not good for health will make the body lack of growing. Smoking there are many disadvantages that will to many diseases. It not just only smoker it can be effect to people around you. Sometime smoking disturb to people near you and dislike from many people. Smoking at the public place is bad behavior and bad look like. So, I think smoking is not good thing and there are not good effect for self. Therefore smoking at the restaurant is bad behavior and necessary banned at the restaurant in the country it should be the most perform.


I agree with this topic that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because smoking is very harmful to health of smoker and people around smoker. when you smoking in restaurants or anywhere the smoke is very smell bad and make not good for people. So I think when have banned about smoking people will be to follow about that and should give knowledge about disadvantage of smoking for people. Such as when you smoking you have problem your heart, blood, brain, teeth, lung and many other organ of your body. You will be heart disease, you look older before your age. when you smoking you lose your money for smoking. if everyone follow banned about smoking and have more knowledge about disadvantage of smoking to be smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. everyone have good healt and every place is very good. when I am adult I think I will not smoking. Because I know smoking is very bad and make me ugly and many have disadvantage after when I smoking and that make me lose my money. And when I meet people are smoking I will tell with smoker about disadvantage of smoking and smoking banned for people.


In my opinion I agree that the smoking should completely banded at all in the restaurant. When we go to the restaurant with family or with the lover, it surely that day is the special day. Of cause this day we want to see every thing might be good. When we go to the restaurant we will feel bad, when we see some one smoking or smell some smoke. the smoking smell can makes people don, t want to eat food and don't want to came to the restaurant again. Then the smell smoking might destroy the happy day. Most of people don't like the smell smoking, because when they smell its some people cant breathing. Especially, the smoking smell is not good for every body such as children, older, smoker. The smoking smell can make people to be cancer and then they might be died. So, when people know that the smoking is not good for every body the smoker should stop to smoking for there self and each other. If the smoker can stopped smoking in the restaurant and other places, when we go to the restaurant and other places we could get fresh air. Then we will fell happy every time and we might have a good healthy.


I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because I don't like smoking smell I think it very bad smell. I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking have a bad health. I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country and I agree smoking should be completely banned at all place too because for health every body. I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because the restaurants have for eating such as breakfast, dinner etc. I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because if you want smoking but you needn't walking outside the restaurants, you mustn't smoke [[for your health and every body in restaurants]]. I agree Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because I want a good health and I hope, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country can use in every restaurants and Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country can use in every place in Thailand country.


Cigarette is a thing like a drug but many people in this world are smoke with no reason. And actually, everybody know good about defect and what will be happen when smoke but them don't care it. Thailand is the same every countries in this world. There have many people smoke and there haven't fix rules for control people to stop it. The little good of Thai rules are warned people by small photo on pack of cigarette, don't sell it to people under 18 years old and can't smoke inside a restaurant and night club. The rule about restaurant or night club, it is for some people don't smoke. May be it's a good rules for manners in restaurant but it nothing for protect our self from smoker. They don't care what a bad thing about smoke is giving to people around them. It's a disease is cancer. Nothing about people smoke or not but when you close around smoker, you will get a smoke of cigarette and it is a bad thing to make you will got cancer. Certainly, nobody wants to dead because of cancer. So, Smoking should completely ban at all the restaurant in the country was very good to do. It is a good manner and it is a good thing for protect everybody don't smoke.


I agree Smoking should be completely banned at the entire restaurant in the country because smoking is bed for and for everyone is non smoke. I think that the people is smoking their must stop because healthy are weak and it will kill you every time. So you will live out it. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. It is good idea because smoking is disadvantages for everybody. It impossible the restaurant is should not have smoking anywhere but the restaurant is must have Non  smoking for everywhere. If the restaurant have Non smoking I believe most of people will go to hear a lot because it safety and useful. So the guest will happy and you will see smile of people eating and drinking in restaurant. Sometime someone want to smoking so the restaurant is will have the Conner in restaurant for smoking. Therefore, the restaurant is will have Non smoking for people don't like smoke and want to safety and useful for eat and drink so we will help you a lot of country and many people want to go that here everytime. It is should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country.


In the restaurants have many people whether children or the elderly and there are some people for smoking. If you are the one who does not smoke and you do when you see people smoking in restaurant. You should be alert to him but you wouldn't dare same me. It is very bad smell and I don't like it. In order to protect children and some people not smoking because of the smoke of cigarette can harm health of people not smoking, at the restaurants is the public place, smoke can taste changes and is a bad example for children because in restaurant have many children. Therefore the country must to set the law about banned smoking at all the restaurants or open zone for smoker at all. In order to protect the people not smoking from smoke of cigarette. And the law should be strict and should punish people that smoke in public because will have some people smoking break the law if this law not strict. But some places should except the law such as pub and bar because pub and bar of drinking and drug. But the country should set the low for protect many people not smoking.


People in some countries anti smoking at all the restaurants. Now many countries have laws about smoking is completely banned at the public places for example at all the restaurants in the country, at all the hospitals, at all the temples, at all the super markets, at all the malls, at the offices, at all the hotels, at all the schools or at all the universities etc. If you smoke, you will be bad healthy and you might be cancer. If you smoke at your house, you will kill members of your family example your mother, your father, your sister, your brother, your wife or your handsome, your son, your daughter etc. If you smoke at your office, you will kill your colleagues. If you smoke at super market, mall, hospital, you will be caught by the polices. The restaurants are good places for healthy. We should have food 3 time a day and we should have good food to be good healthy. So you could not smoke at all the restaurants. If you love yourself or other persons, you must stop to smoke at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with item about smock in restaurant, because if you smoking in the restaurants it ought to impolite. You can't smoke and should be completely in the other place, example, school, hospital, park, and temple. You shouldn't smock in the restaurant, because it is the avenue place. If you smocked in the restaurant, it will made boring to another people for area also owner restaurant and customers. It would another people ugly you if you smocked in avenue place and don't time for smock. It appears you don't have manners. It make poor for your look. When are you smoking cigarette it will have the smock in air around the restaurant. It make another people don't have feeling for eat the food it make the bad mood. The smock from cigarettes can destroy your health and another people. For smoker, it can destroy your health. It effect for your health, it make problem for your health of your respiration. The worst you can was cancer of respiration. But smock from smoker have effect to health to another people. It can make problem in respiration of another people. Another will be cancer too. You shouldn't smock in restaurant. You can smock from your private area example your house. But, if smock cigarettes have effect for your health you shouldn't stop smock for your life.


Smoking should be completely banned all the restaurants in the country. I go along with very must. It is a good idea, and it can help many people may risk cancer. Restaurants is a place would to be safe because it is a place for eat food. Many people must have be courteous by no smoking, and restaurants must be label "NO SMOKING" in the front of restaurants for warn customer. The owner should be on the lookout for health very must. The customer's healthy and clean are important of restaurants. The smoking in the restaurants might be disturb other customer. The restaurants should be measure resist smoking because it may be illegal of the restaurants. Many people should help together campaign smoking in the restaurants for yourself and others have good health. The smoker may risk cancer and family too. In the Thailand have many smoker whole male and female and child has age between 10 18 years start smoking. The smoking in children should receive care form near parents if they miss care form their parents they may have behavior are smokers in the future and success to behavior smoking in restaurants. The smoking in the restaurants are not good behavior we shall courteous whit others customer too.


Smoking is very harmful to the life of you and other people hold strong. The people around you to get smoke into will dangerous than smoking itself is so smoking interactions that most people do not like and do not want to be near. And today is the smoking people came in mainly because many adolescents from the adult or child per parent smoking makes kids want them to follow. And the consequence of smoking is that quitting smoking is. To stop the smoking, it is not easy to just think to quit it quit it, it takes time and commitment to genuine Jing is not just joking or teasing the other day Most people on personality. Dims is difficult to undo most of it to death by disease. Disease that most people who died because smoking is a disease airbags aneurysms and other diseases is a lung cancer. And how to prevent it is the same as the parents who may not smoke to avoid imitation and attention of parents. Smoking is both physical and affect people around you dramatically. It is also one of the reasons people have died and many are very serious diseases that torture as if everyone turned to their own health care and let people around you to stop smoking then stop and turn to for help.


The cigarettes is a thing that have many very dangerous. Someone who smoking cigarettes will have many disease and it have affect with many people. Government are setting the rule smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Today, the number of dead people with cancer are higher. The smoking is one reason that give the dead for the people. The person who smoking have many disease in the body such as cancer and another. The cigarettes not only make disadvantages for smoker but it's affect to the people around smoker. Those people will receive more affect than smoker self. The reason which the people can receive the affect because the smoker will smoke in discover area such as restaurant, hospital or at home. It have very affect to many people around there. So, the government in many country has the rule for the smoker can't smoke that area. If the smoker doesn't follow with it he must pay the money about 2, 000 Bath at the police station. Sometime the police will send the smoker into prison. The rule of government is a good way for decrease the smoker because they can't smoke in area. When they can't smoke with long time they will stop automatically.


I believe everyone knows smoking don't have benefit. However, many people smoke with concern dangerous. Today, not only the man smokes but also women smokes. Moreover, the youths who are student. It is seemed simple thing because don't have enactment of forbid smoking and it's personal right. Someone smokes by disregard other else around. You know smoking is dangerous with other else? Smoker get only carbonic acid gas 20 30 % but people around smoke get more carbonic acid 70 80 % and result in cancer. So it's not fair for people don't smoke. I feel moody and headache when I smell smoke. The bed thing I smell smoke when I have lunch in restaurant. I think it's very false thing and not appropriate. It make my food is very unclean and disturb having lunch. It performs no have politeness and respect of living in society. Some places are forbidden smoking or set place for smoker. However, the all restaurant should be place without smoking for good sanitation. People in the restaurant want benefit from food not dangerous from smoking. So I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it's thing support eating and makes no have risk about cancer.


Yes. I really agree because I'm not smoke. The cigarette is very bad for everyone and I hate it. Who is smoke at every where I never like them. Some people think about smoking is good and make them feel good when they have a problem and headache. However the smoking never give a good health for everyone but the smoker is up level to high number all mount all year. In the past when I do to the club or everywhere I feel bad because smoker was smoke a cigarette but now smoker not smoke at the park, restaurant or everywhere. The law of smoking say who is smoke at the place of non smoking will pay a money for penalty at police station. I think the smoker who is smoke at the not smoking place have to get a lot of money. The cigarette is a bad thing. The cigarette can not get a money from me. Some friend of me smoke and when who is smoke I will go far away from its because of the tobacco smoke is smell very bad. I hate the tobacco smoke and who is smoke at everywhere. I hope in the future every body will not smoke.


Smoking is the many diseases, the risk of the occurrence. Heart disease is two times higher risk of disease airbags aneurysms up to 6 times and the risk of lung cancer is 10 times higher for smokers who smoke the shorter average age 5 8. of smokers who start smoking and do not stop teens from smoking is 50 percent fatal disease caused by smoking. And half of these will die in middle age before age 70 years. By reason of danger of smoking. Thus need to be campaigning for people to quit smoking because of smoking. Especially smoking in public places make people who live around that area are not pure air. Because the substances in cigarette smoke called nicotine. To the carcinogenic substance. REACTIVITY very other. May cause disease aneurysms have airbags. For those who inhale tobacco smoke into May be more toxic that smoke. Therefore, smoking in public places it is not very danger. campaign in Thailand has a satisfactory result. Because they were very interested in participating agencies, both governmental and private agencies. However, current tobacco campaign also faced with the problem. The only problem of tobacco control Act violations. 1. And that in the case of tobacco control Act of 2535 no foreign cigarettes into the Thai market much. Therefore, legislation is not perfect enough. For example, in the case of avoiding the law prohibited smoking in media advertising. Cigarette brands in the retail stores. The current law does not clearly specify details of any such action in ad network or not. 2. Monitoring Enforcement of the law. Especially the location services classified the smoking and non smokers.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree Because problem of smoking at restaurants in the country is a problem that can not be really solved. Although you know for smoking that is not healthy for yourself and others to use his services, but I still keep pumping each other. Seriously, the law should prohibit smoking in restaurants. In addition, the shop will not legislate itself out. But some customers do not mind the law. It has no legal punishment is strictly prohibited. Whether a new restaurant in Bangkok, all he would know that smoking has negative effect on how both yourself and others But those people never to quit it. Therefore the government should enforce the law and practice seriously. And focus of this problem. Although the restaurant is currently closed signs banning smoking. If the violation fine as 500 or 2000 but still fruitless. The need to enforce good practice seriously and are actually fined Probation or prison for at least six months to follow this strictly. This law shall apply to the restaurant or restaurant anywhere. At least it can help reduce smoking in restaurants can do to improve this problem seriously and to make online restaurant or restaurant food more appetizing and better air fresh air. Therefore, in a restaurant should not be smoking completely. What smoking does not benefit both males smoke and those around him. The solution is the best. Is to instill good values to young people so they can absorb the good and legislation and enforcement seriously is a good way to edit as well. But what we all can do to solve this problem is. This campaign seriously. Including law enforcement and the fact that a clear penalty.


I think this is different people have different rights. When the state that most people do not smoke. And smoking is hazardous to health legislation is to protect people, mostly non smoking. However, any deprivation of their right to smoke at the same time People who smoke now almost no place to stand and sit in smoking. But still polite. Not come out mad as other groups. In addition, most people who smoke, I understand that where appropriate Or is not appropriate to smoke. In addition they made in the know. Who do not smoke, do not think that The smoking violation of their rights. Not thinking back, how those who do not smoke. Supported. From the state who smoke Lose his rights. But just as smokers do not want to build up conflicts. Because I understand the restaurant Building a non smoking. A small garden outside. PC to smoke out those who sit Smoking in restaurants. Whether it is on no smoking signs. Whether or not smoking is not already. No restrictions. Or request But a legal ban Smokers will be fined 2, 000 baht and the owner of the place may be fined up to 20, 000 Baht When people do illegal up. A function of the shop. Whether owners or managers that employees must attend. To remind people that know, otherwise the shop would be wrong as well I see from the side of those who do not smoke. I will give fair with What they do is not wrong to smokers out of favor do not smok.


I absolutely agree with this topic. Smoking in some public places should be banned because it can cause to people health. All the smokers must be banned in restaurants, shopping malls, college and parking. Therefore, the way can reduce this problem is to inform all smoking people what are danger, ill effect and punishment of the smoking. Nobody would have harmful things around them. There are many reasons to ban smokers at all the restaurants in the country Smoking not only kills you but other people. Smokers are breathing in smoke not oxygen similar to their lungs are set to be used for. The lungs shouldn't get atmosphere pollution. If a lot of people are in the restaurant and there is only one person smoke in that place, the smoke can be danger and also spread to all people around that place. It's not fair for people who do not smoke to must get risk. The smoke can affect people who may be pregnant because pregnancy can obtain disease simply. It can also make hair smell terrible. There are many health problems form smoking, all cigarettes do is destroy lungs and put a higher risk for cancer. The most importantly, Smoking can kill every people around the world and our family.


I Strongly agree, The smoking banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is one type of drug that is harmful to themselves and those around the body and Personality is not good. Smoking in restaurants is a very important social manners and into the restaurant all look forward to relaxing. But if there is cigarette smoke and smell. No relaxation will not feel uncomfortable to live the consequences is. Mental bad. Body is not strong. And stress. Restaurant as a place for relaxation, Most of the restaurant customers want convenience. Clean and safe. If the smoking freely in restaurants. Will damage the image of the restaurant. It is not attractive. The present this concept is very popular worldwide. But in the process successfully most countries are strong and growth. Because countries with strong and security. Will see the importance of people and self image in their countries. In Thailand, Help the campaign was successful only in part. Because the media campaign has limited and published less in Thailand. So we must help the campaign seriously. Safety for self and others And prosperity of the country. I will try to be a part of helping a non smoking restaurant and not just in restaurants only but in Thailand, It must be non smoking as well.


Cigarette Harmful to both smokers and close air bag as disease aneurysms. Bronchitis many people want to quit but do not quit. Or do not plan to quit seriously and strictly prohibited. Or quit smoking and then went back to new Because self surrender. Me that the smoking ban on restaurant Araya. Is a good way because I ??? the atmosphere in the restaurant, not appetizing, but cigarette smoke while eating. Some people eat to the choking smoke. Bad health and male smoking and people smoking around you and it is healthy rate A Let us should quit smoking. Easy way to quit Decisions to be resolute When should suspend immediately determined. Do not mind a fresh strain Trying to think of the loss or harm of smoking. Tell the child as close to his wife, parents know that we will quit. In order to help encourage and drive. Keep cigarette lighters and smoking accessories far away eyes good hands when you quit smoking then. Make the body stronger. Reduce the risk of heart disease lung cancer. A good example for children and people close Saving lives are happier. And I believe the restaurant is the atmosphere is bright if we do.


Yes, I can. Because smog for smoking is dangerous. Smog for smoking is disease very much. Example disease about respiration. Smoking have to people decrees immunity. Smoking is cancer in liver. Smoking is cancer in lung. Smoking dangerous for healthy. Banned at all restaurant in the restaurants is very good. And well Idol for children. Smog for smoking in restaurants annoy people. smoking doesn't eat it's bad. Smoking is drugs. Smoking is problems. Smog for smoking destroy air, example oxygen gas. And smoking is spend more money. But doesn't benefit. Government spend more money, take care people is smoking. And restaurants spend money, does area for customer smoking. Maybe some customer does not impressed about smog for smoking. So banned all restaurants reduce smog. And less people's smoking. Less disease for smoking. People's disease respiration, cancer in lung, cancer in liver less. And people stop smoking. So government to economical expenditure to take care patient for smoking. Banned at all smoking in restaurant is safety. Because protect people does not smoking. They are not dangerous. Children in restaurants are not dangerous. Restaurants is more impress. And smog for smoking have substances dangerous. It's to detract lung and dangerous to respiration. And important smoking is dangerous to people smoke. The second dangerous is people around you.


Smoking makes the body unhealthy It also can cause cancer as well. Smoking is toxic to many and what type of drug is nicotine that nicotine is carcinogenic. Some lung cancer. Some of them are bloated inflated air bag diseases etc. This addition will allow the tobacco diseases. But also their health is not strong. And may also allow smoking. Now most people are cancer together. I think if children smoking Thai widely. If his parents know. Would ever regret a lot. If I am a mother of smoking. I would tear up the absorption ever. Therefore, we should not smoke. Because of smoking, it would suffer most ever. Smoking gives the symptoms. Inch yellow with black lung and a black mouth with yellow teeth. I want all people who smoke to quit smoking. Because people who smoke emission time out will affect the people around you. We should not smoke. Because we're going to destroy their own health and also others as well. The cancer itself is not enough to make people go for cancer recurrence. Because he did not know about the others. He never smoked cigarettes. He is a cancer to be with Therefore, we should quit smoking. For yourself and those around. My hope now is. Thai youth Ruamjai not want to smoke. And also in cigarettes defamatory. The youth of the country weak. Smoking is also a conductor and to other drugs also cause cancer and many deaths come. Therefore, we should quit smoking if you do not want to own. And the people around you must be a danger of tobacco smoke. And I agree to stop Bush for re friends of ours and of others, especially with people in your family.


In my though with regard to a person smokes cigarettes in the food shop in public that place will should have the suppression because it is the thing dishonestly. It causes dangerous build others already indirectly still is illegal with, I will think should not at to most has smoking cigarettes in the public place like this. It mixes doing health harm indirectly is life oneself slitting shortly already down still is life person slitting around with also, smoking cigarettes has no result both of good build oneself and others. It makes a person who has smoked that is that hate of the social and still stink in also hand. Another my thing thinks it unders the belt at a person who no smokes must come to take a problem or the disease will all to follow to come to in the future, thus something you a will cigarette should have the suppression smokes in the public place. If a person will who want to smoke really, give go to the place has no the other stays with. I think that, we must have smoking cigarettes suppression in every the public place suitly a hole otherwise a person who smoke may don't quit to injure the other health goes to with. Finally I hope that a person will who smoke to realize? and for is life new alms to oneself should quit smoke go to good extremely.


I agree with this idea to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country because smoking does not good for health. It is not only destroys the people who smoke but it also destroys the people who stay around. It has bad smell and many poisons in the smoke and you will have a problem with your lung. And if another people have breathe it, they will have a problem with their lung too. For me I really hate smoking and do not like the people who smoke. I want to tell them that "Do not hurt me from your smoke. " And I think that we must to ban it from the university too. Smoking does not important for anyone life, everybody can choose their way. They can choose that they will smoke or not. I think, It does not important to has smoking area in the restaurant because I think when you come into the restaurant you want to eat something, you do not go to the restaurant for smoking. Is it right? And why we have to smoke at the restaurant. It does not have any reason to smoke. So I think it is the best idea to do.


In Thailand, government supply location for smoking. Smoking create a nuisance, bad for their health and others Danger of smoking lung cancer. Caused by toxic substances in cigarette smoke is a "tart" with a death rate of lung cancer in smokers compared to non smokers have higher ratios of 10: a doctor if the infection is detected early. And has undergone surgery to remove tumors from all will likely be cured. However, most patients on the doctor. And identifiable. Term treatment or surgery to be cured. Cardiovascular disease caused by nicotine in cigarette smoke. A toxic substance. And harm the cardiovascular system, nervous stomach, intestines and malfunction. The blood pressure increase. Heart beats faster. Irritant to the heart muscle. Severe vascular and general decline. Rate of ischemic heart disease in men who smoke are more than the man who is not high. Smoking and 60 70 percent in women who smoke contraceptive medication which will have a chance with this disease. More than female non smokers. And not birth control medication and 10 In addition, smoking also causes blood vessels in stroke paralyzed The limb vessels are clogged by skin ulcers from ischemia. And the accumulation of fat under the walls of medium and large blood vessels. In Thailand, there is legal not to selling cigarettes to children under 18 year. Who disobey will be fined or prosecuted. Having laws that prohibit smoking in public have benefits for non smokers who. Places are ban smoking; sample, school, hospital, nursery, on bus, official place and other. "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. " For I agree with this topic. Because I don't like smoke. When I get cigarette smoke can have a stuffed nose. My father and brother never are smoking. So I agree with this topic.


I agree with topic b is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because of the restaurant in the country should have a very clean air a restaurant. I think is not good if many people smoke in restaurants because in the restaurant have a lot of people. The restaurant in the country have a child, old person. A smoking not good for healthy with own smoker and other person too. A smoking have a pollution very much with environment. If The restaurants in the country should be complete banned the people are happy to eat in the restaurants and have fresh air because of don't have a pollution from smoking. And banning smoking complete at all restaurants is very safety for the customers are eat in restaurants and can make safety from smoker come in restaurant. All the restaurant in the country should have to label banned smoking in restaurants. And label in the restaurants should be interesting sign board because of make to customers understand to disadvantage from smoking and must not smoking at all restaurant in the country because of safety for healthy other people ant safety for smoker too. Banned completely smoking at all the restaurant is very good for most people whom come to eat and good for health everybody come in restaurant.


In my opinion smoking should definitely be banned in public places as it not only has deleterious effects on the non smokers present there but also may cause allergic coughing to many people. Besides, many youngsters are fascinated by the act of smoking and try to imitate it which may later develop into a habit. Smoke which arises when a person smokes a cigarette, bide or cigar is more hazardous to a passive smoker who inhales the smoke being in close vicinity of the active smoker. The smoke being inhaled by the former is unfiltered thereby causing more ill effects. Several pulmonary diseases such as cough, bronchitis, asthma and last but not the least carcinoma of lungs may occur as a consequence of smoking. Even the advocates of smoking in public areas disapprove of the practice when it comes to their off springs. Witnessing the elders smoking kindles similar desire in a youngster thereby giving birth to a new generation at smokers. To avoid these evils of smoking and ensure a healthy platform for the youth it is not only our duty but need of the day to condemn such practices if not completely then at least socially. At last, I would say, smoking is a dangerous, it is always better to keep our next generation as a way as possible for us. Banning it at public places is a must to keep our country healthy and glomming.


Should the removal of all smoking in restaurants, shop. Tobacco smoke is harmful to health. Because cigarettes are burning when the thousands of chemicals in the form of smoke. The chemicals that are both toxic and non toxic. Cigarette smoke can harm the health of non smokers to be smoke Especially those who smoke cigarettes are a child. Results in the short term irritation to the eyes, nose and throat discomfort, headache, nausea, symptoms recur in those with congenital diseases such as allergic asthma chest airbags aneurysms. Even in air conditioned restaurant. The rate is very great. Smoking fetid atmosphere of the free meal. May lose customers who do not like cigarette smoke. And not to eat at a restaurant. Upset customers and revenue. Khi smoking is dirty and may fall to spring dishes. The people who eat to lose and lose both health and taste of food. In addition, smoking in restaurants. The atmosphere in the restaurant Ruen unlikely. It is filled with smoke. Emotional irritability and loss of customers who smoke. The summary should snare removal of all smoking in restaurants, shop. To the health of customers and employees in stores. To food safety. And satisfactory profits. SigmaTel customers and also create a good image to store food.


According to the entertainment of pubs, bars, restaurants and markets all types of clothing Food Market. Including the Weekend Market. Weekend open end of the sale of various forces, both air conditioned and non air conditioned. Of course the effect on February 11, 2551 transgressor does not comply with this notification. Is the owner of a fine legal administrator places a fine of 20, 000 people who smoke in prohibited area will be a fine not exceeding 2, 000 Baht. This law has added a non smoking places, including more restaurants and pubs in the Pub Food Bar Air conditioned restaurant. Field must be 100 percent smoke free, but can smoke outside the place ventilated to the Market is not air conditioned restaurant. I can view the smoking, but have kept the people away. Dr. Harry not smelly. Mongkol said. MD. Mongkol said the intent is not law enforcement people to quit smoking. And do not want to make an impact entrepreneurs. But to protect the health of not smoking is key with about 53 million people, particularly in pubs with more than 6, 000 of the people to use the popular teen ??? night. Including those who work in stores like Bar waiter Tender DJ's singers and musicians including the return of more than 600, 000 people, with people smoking around the country each day more than 110 million cigarettes people smoke inhaled into the body. Continuing a long time every day. Risk of serious diseases of respiratory system. Because of dangerous chemicals from tobacco smoke is carcinogenic species 4000 43 species.


Nowadays, many people like to smoke cigarettes although they know that it is bad for their health. Additionally, smoking is not only bad for the health of people who smoke it, but it is also bad for other people health. For example, there is someone smoke cigarette in the park and a lady who get pregnant is sitting beside; the smokes exactly destroy the health of three people (a person who is smoking, the lady, and her baby). Therefore, it will be very good if people can give up smoking. In other words, if they cannot give up smoking, they should do it in their place where people do not come. To do this, it will help to reduce the problems of disease from smoking such as a cancer. There are many places that people should not smoke. Some places have been completely banned already such as the parks, the hospitals, and some official places. However, there are some places that should be banned but people still smoke. That is some restaurants, because the restaurants are the place that people come for food. Restaurants is a good one place that should be clean and have good atmosphere because it can use for organization meeting or family meeting and use for relaxing. They sometimes take their children to go to the restaurants too. As a result, if there are people who smoke in the restaurants, the people who come to the restaurants for food will get the danger from smoking too. It is not fair for them to get the danger from the thing that they do not do it, especially the children who are innocent. Therefore, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country


I agree that in a restaurant should people not smoking. It make atmosphere in the restaurant not good. In addition, it makes the people who are pregnant cannot come to eat food in the restaurant that have more the people smoking. However, the people who are own restaurant should warn the people who are smoking or notification them to know. Moreover, Ministry Public Health should fix smoke law in the public. Then the people should stop smoke in because it is the bad example for the children. There are many go to restaurant for dinner with family also have a children go with. Also, the children seeing you smoke, so they learn to do with you. This make today have more children who have age less than 18 years old smoking. I think everyone do not want you child smoke or drink alcohol. However, you should make the good thing to make them follow you. These can make the future's children are better and make our country have a good quality people than bad people. Also, the government should work hard more than last year about the law to make sure that in restaurant do not the people who smoking in there because someone do not like it. In addition, it can make economic in Thailand fall. Also, please pay more attention about this cause.


The smoking ban in pubs establishment care very pleased to make public. Also in the announcement. It has added more non smoking places other four types: 1. Place the food and beverage catering to the air conditioned non smoking completely. This was the exception. But the new announcement does not exclude. Whether registered in any category. I do not smoke. But can the smoking area outside the restaurant hosted a special. 2. Private workplaces. Except for the previously listed as places, so there is no exception. Shop for the food and beverages that are not in air conditioning systems, such as restaurant is no smoking area of the second corner is available for smoking. But must be determined by the Minister of Health, and 4. Food Market is a non smoking type 2 so Market. Smoking will be prohibited by If will undergo a fine of 2, 000 baht fine of 20, 000 Baht. Tobacco campaign in Thailand has a satisfactory result in one Because they were very interested in participating agencies, both governmental and private agencies. However, current tobacco campaign also faced with the problem. The only problem of tobacco control Act violations. Restaurant is the place to socialize your family. Cigarette smoke is a significant harm to health worldwide. Past Thai people have died as suffering from diseases caused by smoking is important. Cancer and heart disease to a year 52, 000 people and have lost money treating the diseases caused by smoking three diseases major lung cancer heart disease and air bag aneurysms and year of more than 50, 000 million baht, so to protect. public health, especially those who do not smoke. Not to be harmed by toxic substances in tobacco smoke. Which has more than 4, 000 species.


Inertia smoking harm themselves and those around. Cigarette box with pictures of it much danger to life. They are the rule in Bangladesh Cut smoking in public and smoking signs in the area only with permission. As bus stop mail, park, supermarket, shopping mall and restaurants. Restaurants a place of many people into not eating as children or elderly adults. It is no smoking in here too. But there are some groups that are popular smoking. Whether it is in the public and others. Especially in males. But it also has some popular female smoking are. They may think it is relaxation or look cool. But actually it is not so. In the eyes of others see it worse than better. It very dangerous. I think today the world changed much. Some people do it look worse. Social change. Idealization that is not good with children. Children love imitating behavior. Because they look cool idea that look good. But the truth is not so. Therefore, adults should set good examples for the children. By stopping smoking. Although it is anywhere. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. If everyone together.


A restaurant is the place for having. It should be a clean places for service everyone that comes to have in there. If have smoke in the restaurants, it is not so bad for having in there. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country and others, too. This essay will explain about in the restaurants should ban the smoking and managing for the smoking outside the restaurants if it need. Smoking in the restaurants is not very good for having, because it is not appropriate for smoking while we are having food. It is to make the pollution in the restaurants and also it makes eating the food is not delicious. Moreover, your customers do not like to come to eat in your restaurants, too. So the smoking should be banned. If it really need for a man who is a smoker, the restaurants should manage a special place outside restaurants for him. The special place for the smokers, it can revise the problem of the pollution from the smokers that need to smoke after or before their having and also atmosphere in your restaurants is very nice, too. In conclusion, a restaurant is the place for having. It should be a clean places for service everyone that comes to have in there. Smoking in the restaurants is not very good for having, because it is not appropriate for smoking while we are having food. The special place for the smokers, it can revise the problem of the pollution from the smokers that need to smoke after or before their having.


I agree with this topic the most, because restaurant is one of the places where build some happiness for many families. So it should not have any smoking from cigarette in every restaurant. For my reasons that I agree with this topic : The first one is, everybody well know the smoking is one of the causes of diseases, such as lung cancer, bad smelling mouth, etc but why many people still take it. The next one, I am sure everyone knows disadvantages of smoke and does not anybody would like to sit or stand among grey or black smoke, Do you agree with me?. So Smoking which makes the bad atmosphere should be completely banned at all in the restaurants. For the most important reason that I would like you to banned smoking in restaurant is: Do you know restaurant is the place where give you some happiness, if you are atmosphere destroyer, you will make other people unhappy in dinner and you will be bad person in other people eyes. Due to, there are many diseases from smoking, I would like you to decide smoking is good or bad for you. Whenever you know what your best answer is, I am sure that it will change your life to become better.


Smoking cigarettes has both of good side and not good. I think with regard to us will smoke cigarettes to have only take the poison reaches the body good side is a cigarette helps can give the taxation reaches the country. Nowadays have fighting refrain from smoking but if, everybody people doesn't smoke cigarettes the country has will no the taxation reaches the country. Smoking cigarettes will have outside to injure of person smoke already cigarette smoke that float to go to in the air will go to injure a person around with there is advertise one at fight give a person quits a cigarette. I think to am advertise that excellent. He tells seat child is beside a person smokes cigarettes to receive cigarette smoke enters by not understand anything. Person this child sits to maintain one's composure. There is a person comes to injure by toxin abandonment from cigarette smoke reaches the lungs. If you love a person around stops to smoke cigarettes. I am that something you a cigarette unless, no gain an advantage already. Cigarette smoke still go to destroy the lungs of who smoke as well and a person has who to smoke cigarettes might is the cancer the lungs.


Smoke cigarette is bad. In think of I should to everywhere no smoke. I want to in restaurant no smoke cigarette. Because in restaurant the people want will to have a foot are not have a smoke cigarette. Cigarette destroy me and people around it can do give body is feeble and is disease such as cancer. In restaurant it can do agitate give the people in restaurant and send smell. Cigarette is unlike in most people. They are you at smoke cigarette know it is bad but they also smoke cigarette it is thing stupid you are human or buffalo know it is bad but also smoke cigarette. In the earth should have but people no smoke cigarette but who require smoke cigarette also go to the new earth settle you think it is though at good or no. I talk give you read it use know in body you at realize in smoke cigarette I help you only but you help me remember you are human or buffalo. Ok say good bye everyone in lucky smoke cigarette. Smoke cigarette is die fast the child no father and mother also go to new father life should pity and laugh.


I think the answer to think about smoking in restaurants, how. I would say smoking in restaurants that my opinion is that it is not improper Because of the smoke in the restaurant is not appropriate. It is a place that was much busy all the time. The smoke that we should ask officer or employee before or just check before entering the shop for that, especially for smokers or not. Because if there is going to be smoking in his make, especially smoking in restaurants. Some people may think it is the right of others not on their own. Tang came to pay us, we shall have the right to shop, but it was not appropriate. We should respect the privacy of others by smoking because it is not a good thing. It is not beneficial to life, it does not make life better not make progress in life, Because smoking is one of the addict can make people dangerous to the health body. Smoking and health, not the poor themselves but also resulted in other harm to health by receiving because of secondhand smoke resulting in poor health than those who smoke themselves. People who smoke because smoking itself then let the smoke out those who are around the gemstone to be affected by health itself is another major health or one's world is important. If we think only myself or just think for yourself and each other they think are affected to some see myself and other people that I look back, he would have been like. Affected to some see myself and other people that I look back, he would have been like, and smoking in public is illegal in the same Network Map cigarette smoking in restaurants. Behavior that is inappropriate for the Operation of the public or the public.


