As you know smoking will make you unhealthy, early older and make the smoker die before other because in the cigarettes have a lot of toxic that can make you have a bad healthy for example is nicotine can make you get a cancer in the mouth, cancer in the lung, cancer in the liver and the cancer anywhere that they can absorbed, sot he cigarettes is the good accessory for your life. Moreover, we have a number of smoker raise up rate in 15 20. It will have an effect for country. But now we a big problem that is how to not allow smoking in the restaurant, because smoking in this area will be make a lot of problem; make a consumer unhappy and make them unhealthy too. In the same time, the merchant will have a less of benefit too. So, this is the big problem that we need to cooperate with each other. If we help each to solve this problem it will be good everyone, but how we can solve this problem. For the first the smoker should know that smoking in the restaurant is not good for everyone because the smoker will gain the toxic fifty percent for time, but is not for the non smoker, they will gain the toxic one hundred percent from inhale suddenly and the smell of cigarettes will make the taste of food down and down, because the air in the room is not good, it will make unhappy so the smoker must concern that should you do or not before smoking. It's will help everyone happy.


I think smoking in the public place is a bad manner of many people because it makes many people around that area not comfortable to breath. I really do agree with this topic because it should be that smoking is a bad manner in my opinion, because it think it doesn't make any advantages for anyone while it still makes affect to anyone such as, children, women, pregnant and everybody that doesn't like it. In cause of smoking in the restaurant, I think it is a big cause. Why is that, because the restaurants are the places for eating, partying, or have some special times to do a good memorial. Therefore, it really shouldn't have smoking in this place. But if some restaurant doesn't need to ban smoking, I think a good way to solve that is the manager of restaurant should provide a special area to smoke. However, smoker should be having awareness also. They can go out the restaurant to smoke, because it will not make problem to everybody in restaurant. Don't forget that smoking doesn't makes well for everyone, while it makes the bad things for many people. Therefore, I do really agree with the topic and I do support if the restaurants will bane smoking in the area


Nowadays, our world is much pollution that causes people health fall off every day. Smoking is one of the reasons that causes air pollution without good effect to anything. It also makes a bad atmosphere with it smoke to everywhere it arrives. Especially, when it travels in the restaurant where many people can eat and talk to each other with joyful emotion. From my point of view, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. First of all, smoking is the easiest way to destroy users and people around them. I have no ideas why smokers want to harm themselves. But I think that no one want to stand near the smokers and inhale a lot of pollution to their lung. There are many people died everyday because disease from tobacco's smoke. Another reason is that the restaurants are public places that everyone can come in. There are people who hate smoke from tobacco very much. It extremely impolite to make them irritate and destroy good atmosphere in the restaurant by your smoking. Finally, I strongly believe that no one want to see the smokers in the restaurant. Because they need to dine their meal with happiness and nobody have the right to disturb theirs enjoy.


Smoking is one of addict activities in some people. It is a bad doing and disgusting looking. Some looks is smoking is a fashion. Some looks smoking is smart. But I think it ought to disappear in the public because it is suck and nuisance. I agree with this topic at all. Because of in my opinion, smoking should be banned at all public places in everywhere. First, it may disturb the other who would not like smoking and surrounding around that place. Second, it will make the other who did not smoking receive smoke too. Third, smoking make a odor that smell might disperse to the other. It may dirt clothes place and other. Smoking can make effect in the future about pollution and make health worse. Smoking can make people do more bad doing such as moody, unhappy, etc. In the restaurant, smoking should not happen because there are people who want good pollution, good food, good service, good greeting, etc. If there is smoking in the restaurant, people in the restaurant must receive smoke too. It may make people in the restaurant irritate with smoke such as odor smell, having cough, bad surrounding, etc. It must effect the other surely. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Thailand is my country and smoking is the big problem in my country there are a lot of people died because they smoking too much and someone died because they breath among the people who often smoking without cares of others. The place that have a lot of people and difference habits is in the restaurants. I have ever enter to the restaurant and next to me there is a man that he is smoking and the smoke is around that area I am so suffocated because I don't like that smell so I am very agree if the restaurants in my country banned smoking. Moreover it is very good that the restaurants don't have someone who would like to smoking but they can because it save good atmosphere and pure breath for another. Banned smoking in the restaurants is not enough for decrease the smoking problem because if someone that addicted in smoking they still have a lot of place to do but banned smoking in the restaurants are a little bit part that we can help the person who want to smoking and in the short time but it is very good if we can ban smoking in everywhere for make our country to be a country without the smoking.


Today, the increasing rate of people who smoke is greater every day, as well as the higher rate of people who is suffer from people who smoking. Thai government and other associations find the solution to reduce smoking. For example, Thai government released the new campaign to reduce the smoking area in Thailand by avoid people to smoke in the restaurants. From this, it shows that smoking is the biggest problem that influent to the health problem, environment, and personality of person who smokes. Firstly, smoking is not good because it damage our health. In cigarette, there are many toxic chemical that can damage your lungs. Moreover, from the researches, smoking is danger to the people who inhale it more than harm the people who smoke it. Many people have to suffer from lung and heart disease, and in some people, they have to open the windpipe and attach the pipe into it to help that people breathing. Secondly, smoking makes people lose their good personality. People who smoke will have black lips, and become thinner. Smoking will make people ill and unhealthy, and then they will look bad and lose their personality and look not good as a result. Finally, Smoking is not good because it causes the bad environment. Smoke of cigarette has awful smell and makes that area have bad smell too. The smoke has toxic chemical which cause the diseases in people, in addition, it is harmful for plants and other living things too. Many plants around the smoking area will not healthy and die. All in all. From this problem government should release more campaign and law to protect people who not smoking from people who smoking in public area or in restaurants to decrease people from being victim from the danger of smoking.


The restaurants are the public places for people. Because it has many people go to that place, like child, elderly. Eating is good, if we know to choose everything for myself. So, that has many factors. It is atmosphere, cleaning, savor, procedure, price, place, etc. And eating is bad. It many factors too, like smoking. It is a important cause of everything. I think about smoking in the restaurant. Smoking, it is bad for your health and the other people, like bad mouthed, bad tooth, get pollutant, bad looking. Addition, it is a cause of the bad atmosphere and the area has dirty. Eating is so bad too. So, should to ban smoking in the restaurant because it has many bad results for health, atmosphere and eating. This is not something far from us, it concerns our living and very close to. You may think that you have no right to do this but actually you can do. if you start from yourself not smoke in public places and restaurants, then you tell your member in your family not hurt people by smoking and make smell around those places, then tell or warn your friends or any others to not smoke in any place that can hurt others, the smoking can be stopped or reduced. See that, it's easy to do if you start from yourself and expand to other around you.


Cigarettes made from tobacco grown almost everywhere in the world and all countries almost every government around the world grant factory to produce cigarettes for sale to people. A lot of profits both government and enterprise earned each year. However, WHO knows the danger of cigarettes for smokers and non smoker will be equal or even worse for their health. Smoking can causes cancer and many other symptoms. Smokings in public places such as public parks, bus stops or in the street which are in the open areas cause danger to health of people not only smokers but also non smokers who are in the areas. If smokers smoke in the closed area such as in the theater, in the house, in the restaurant, in the air plane etc. can cause more danger because everyone both smokers and non smokers will easily harmful by smoke. The restaurants are the place where people come to enjoy their foods and drinks mostly with their families if smoker come to sit together in the same restaurants and start to smoke can ruin the atmosphere in the restaurants and also cause danger to health of all people around them. The air condition restaurants even worse when smokers start smoking their cigarettes because there is no air ventilate to get rid of all smoke but it will be in their breath and to all lungs of people. Government, especially ministry of public health which is realize health of people should issue law against smoking in the restaurants both non air condition and air condition one to keep people away from smoke of cigarettes. I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banded at all restaurants in the country.


I extremely agree with this. Don't you think when you are eating happily with your family or your friends then there are some smoke and bad smell came suddenly to your table that is very annoying? I don't understand why do people smoking. Smoking only gives them a lot of bad things, especially about your health. Smoking is cause of many diseases about your lung, throat, mouth, and your heart. If you smoke only one time you will have more risk to have lung cancel and heart disease. Not only a smoker has the risk, but people around the smoker must have the risk too. This is sad that the people who receive smoke from the smoker that call 'two handed smoker' must have the higher risk than smoker itself! I thing every smoker know the bad thing about smoking and know that he or she will hurt their beloved. Then why do some still smoking? I think we should ban all smoking in public place not only in restaurant. And we must do it strongly legal. If smoking is bad for everybody why do we still keep it in our country? Why we don't erase them? And have a better health.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? Are you one of the people that smoking at restaurants? Nowadays, there a lot of people complaining that they want to ban smoking at restaurants, what do you think about it? In my opinion, two major benefits of smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country are disturbing others and risk of accidents. First, smoking at the restaurants is disturbing others such as; children, women and pregnant women. Others people at restaurant will be disturbed by smell and smoke from smoking. Smoke from cigarette is contains substances that are harmful to human's body. So, smoking at the restaurants is disturbing others and also harmful to the body. Second, smoking at the restaurants has a risk to be an accident. Smoking can not be without fire and chef at restaurant can not cooking some food without gas, if the smokers lack of caution. It has a chance to be an accident. In conclusion, smoking at the restaurant should be banned by two major benefits. It disturbing others and harmful to the human's body. If Thai people can not stop smoking at the restaurant, what kind of society will Thailand become in the future?


In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for many reasons. First; it might have a bad effect on everyone in the restaurants. No matter what you smokes or you don't smoke, you are affected by unfresh air flowing around you. It means you body is in danger. If you are on the restaurant which fulls of smoking because the smoking is cause to many disease for example cancer or the disease which relate to a lung ect. Moreover, children can't come to the restaurant which allow to smoking. Restaurant should be the place where every member enjoy and be happy but it is not if the owner or manager of the restaurant allows smoking. Finally, it may support teenagers smoking. Because smoking is not banned at all restaurant. Teenagers or children see a bad thing. The result is they met smoke in one day. In the failure, it maybe reduces the average human's life time because smoking causes people having a weak body and respiratory disease. It is clear that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I do really agree and support the statement. I really hope that it could be real and everyone can make it happens.


I agree the smoking should be banned because smoking is one of the worst things. Kids or adults smoking and tobacco use can cause cancer, lung and heart disease. And risks to an unborn child if the mother smokes. And smoking affects the environment and health damage. Smokers should be aware the dangers of smoking tobacco for good health and who do as their own. In statement, in all restaurants should ban smoking, it's good idea to do but sometimes it may hard to stop the smokers. If we warn them, they are angry and may hurt us. We have to let them do it. Who smoke, their health will be bad. But if we can stop them to smoke in the restaurant, everyone will be safe. Because people they don't smoke and don't get the smoke from tobacco. If smoker want to smoke, the restaurant have to tell them to go outside, go the park, or somewhere that people can't smell it. Tobacco is very popular in teenagers, and office workers. They like to smoke everywhere. I am okay but I don't like when I am in air condition room or a taxi and I smell the tobacco. Air is not fresh and hard to breath. If we can stop smoker in everywhere, we all will save from cancer from tobacco.


No matter the smokers will be kids or adults, smoking can cause the cancer for them and also heart disease. Nowadays, there are a lot of people try to smoke, and some of them addicted tobacco. On the streets, there are many tobaccos on sale and there are many flavor. Because of some tasty tobaccos, people loves to smoke and don't care about people who don't smoke. In the restaurants, there are also many kids, woman, and non smokers. If smokers keep smoking in that place, it seems that all people in that place are smoking because all of them smell the smoke already. The smoke also affect to the environment and people health damage. All smokers should care about other people who do not smoke. However, if they can stop smoking, they will have a good health. No one can do for themselves, they have to start from their own. So I agree if the restaurants do not allow people to smoke. It's not only save people in the restaurants, it saves the restaurants to be good place for non smoking area too. Besides, people will enjoy eating food and have fun time in the restaurants that no people smoking in that area.


I think, smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country. First, I feel Smoking is dangerous. Because all years will have many patients died from diseases caused by smoking such as, air bag aneurysms, lung cancer, etc. Smoking is impolite that many people will look smoker so bad person. Now, governments want to smoker down so they make advertising and activities campaigning for people not smoking. In addition, we usually see tag on the wall in public place Don't smoking can be seen that many people don't like smoker. In fact, the government should issue laws controlling smoking in restaurants and public places. In concluding, smoking doesn't have benefits and give harmful for smoker and people around you, too. The policy of the country about smoking in public places is announced in many years and the results is better and better. Many places respects it and don't allow customers to smoke. If police see any restaurants allow customers to smoke, the shop will be punished and the customers will be punished too so that is why the number is not high like in the past. But there are still many restaurants too that they don't follow the policy. What we can do is trying to watch out, keep our eyes on them and try to do our best to stop people to smoke in the restaurants.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with this opinion because smoke is dangerous for everyone who breathes it not only who is smoking. The smog is composed of many hazardous chemical substants. I used to know that there are more than 500 dangerous substants in smog. Moreover, the restaurant is the place where people go there to have meal. So, if someone smokes, the smog could make other people, who are eating, mad because of its smell and also destroy their health, too. Customers may be don't want to go that restaurant again. I think the government have to launch the law about this problem not only in the restaurant but also in the school and public places. In addition, smoke could cause unpredictable situation such as fire etc. So banning smoking at all restaurants in the country is the good solution but it's ought to hard to do because many people like to smoke after had meal. But, I think if all restaurants can do it, it must be good for customers and image of the country. And other country can use this idea to develop their country, too.


Smoking is a bad behavior that shouldn't do. Smoking have many disadvantages not only can affect a person who smoking only but it can affect people around you also. It can make annoying to people around you. I think we should be completely banned at all especially in public place. Many smokers don't interested in what place they should smoke or not. Their always smoke wherever they want to smoke although that place is a public place such as restaurant park or office. If smoking be completely banned at all not only the restaurant but all public place it so good for anyone who don't smoke because in cigarette smoke have many toxin can affect to respiratory system especially lung and cigarette smoke is a cause of cancer also. Finally it good for everyone if smoking be completely banned at all and it will be better if we can banned cigarette too. The government may release some policy too stop these people who want to smoke in restaurant and public area. It may help the country to be better. Who doesn't smoke will be safe from a danger of smoke such as kids, ladies, old people or anyone who doesn't support to have smoking. Not only the areas will be clean from cigarettes, the air is still fresh and good for living.


Anyone would think not much different from me that to pretend that smoking in a restaurant dining room very sucks as bad manners. Do you dare to smoke in the restaurants and may make people look at you in a restaurant in look down feeling? Some people may think that you do not have the education of manners in check or uneducated. A meal with other people very much absorbing a cigarette is not good because smoking is addictive. Personality and make your health better. Smoking, everyone will know that is carcinogenic. Even more frequently to reduce the shock of your life with a bad breath, black teeth, liver cancer, lung cancer and another diseases. so everyone would see ads on TV now that you know me? You to hurt me burn At that time everyone will hate you a lot of sense. However smoking is not bad for health. Should turn out to play sports. Will make your life better, however it should not be smoking in restaurants and suck Ee room per cigarette, it might hurt someone you love with Absorption features in the campaign is to abstain defined as the reduction and quitting for someone you love.


Restaurants in the various campaigns that they are not smoking in restaurants. To ensure that the food bad health And help foster an environment in which to eat, too. Why not restaurant people are smoking in the restaurant. 1. The smoking ban in pubs establishment is c are very pleased to make public. 2. Not the place of business income that is less controlled. Although the first phase may have affected some. But soon, but in the long run will further increase revenues. Because the new customers that do not smoke. Which outnumber smokers. Finally, existing customers will come back the same way. 3. The health of employees in the shop. And customers to see better 4. Bands playing live in the establishment of fluency. There is no smoke to capture the instrument. Makes clear voice than ever. For details on the announcement. Add a Place another four more non smoking types. 1. Place the food and beverage catering to the air conditioned non smoking completely. But can the smoking area outside the restaurant hosted a special. 2. Private workplaces. If the air conditioning system, whether registered office or place must be completely non smoking area. 3. For shop selling food and beverages not included in such restaurant is air conditioned non smoking area of the second corner is available for smoking. 4. Food Market is a non smoking type 2 so Market. Smoking will be prohibited by So the restaurant prohibits smoking in most restaurant customers fear is to lose health and a foul odor, tobacco is not something that's desirable. Lost in the way of atmosphere. Restaurants All restaurants are very afraid of bad clients and bad atmosphere.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It's very good project for Thai people. Nowadays, there are many smokers in our country, but we are not the smokers. We don't have to bear the smoke from others who are smoking without paying attention to others. Not only we must ban smoking but we must also help others who are smoking to quit smoking. If we only ban, it is not work way to stop smoking because if we only ban smoking in the restaurant, anyone who is smoking will go to another place to smoke so they will make trouble for others who live in the place that he changes to. Smoking is the big problem in our country because there are a lot of second smokers. The second smokers who are not smoking are made from the first smokers who are smoking. They (second smoke) will be unhealthy because of smoke from first smokers. I think we must ban smoking at all the public places not only at all restaurants. For those who are smokers, you must stop smoking for anyone you love. This is the best way to make you healthy and you will be proud of you yourself that you can help others from second smokers.


Nowadays, many people start smoke more than the past especially in developed countries for example Japan, China and United State. Some people think that it should be banned in public while others disagree with it. On the on hand, some people might think that smoking should be prohibited in public places such as shopping malls, theatres, parks, and night clubs. As a result, smoking gives many disadvantages, for instance healthy problem, social disadvantage, or family disadvantage, not only for smokers but also people near them. Totally, smokers get less toxic from smoking than others near them. So it is the main reason that smoking should be prohibited in public places. On the other hand, some people might think that it will be limited smokers' freedoms under democracy. So it will be against constitution about human rights, if smoking has been banned in public at all. They think it should have some smoking areas for smokers where will not annoyed others in public places and smokers can smoking there. In conclusion, I personally think that it should not be banned in public places at all because it will be limited smokers' freedoms. At the same time, smokers should respect to others' freedoms as others respect theirs.


I agree because smoking in public is disturbing another people. Especially in the restaurant. People smoking for varies different reason some one smoking because they street out or they think they cool or very attractive for other people. But they don't think to another people that they make annoying to them especially people who don't smoke or they got allergies of smoke. It should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Cigarette and smoke can be effect to people who smoke inhaled because they inhaled smoke more than smoker. Completely banned smoking at public place it can help other people who do not smoke. And stop smoker to reduce smoking than past. For smoker, you must to quit smoking for your health and your mind. Stop smoking for your family and our social. If you can stop smoking, not only others will be happy, yourself will be healthy and you can live longer and not taking rise for having cancer. For restaurant, the owner should separate the place for smoking and non smoking area. Don't let smokers go into the restaurant, you may lose other customers especially the air condition restaurant. The smell of the cigarettes will destroy the air, and smell of food. Therefore, everyone should consider what should we do with stop people having smoking in restaurant and public areas.


Smoking is a bad thing that I hate. Smoking has a lot of disadvantages such as make a poisonous in air pollutions and destroy your lung, etc. My family has no one like smoking, because my mother hates it. When I stay near some one that smoking, I will go far from there I don't like it too much. Cigarettes has a bad thing in it. The smoker will get a little disadvantage but the people who stay near or around will get more disadvantage than smoker. When I was young a little girl, I ask my mother why they must smoking. My mothers said they think it's their drunk. I said to my mother I won't smoke. Now I am18 years old, I still don't smoke. I like to eat other that have a lot of advantage. Sometimes that I must hang out with my friends I wont smoke. I only drink some alcohol because I must have a society. In pub always have people who smoke and I will feel so bad I will go away from these people In my closed friend group have no anyone smoke. I think it's a good thing I don't like smoking.


Smoking is always bad for non smoker people because it has a very bad smell and it will cause the lung cancer but some smokers never cares about this, they smoke wherever they want. Therefore, there's a rule for forbidding smoking in some places. I think it is very good if smoking is completely banned in restaurant but it is quite impossible. In my opinion, there is a solution for this issue, all the restaurants should provide the specific areas for smoking such as the room or at the corner of the restaurant, and these areas must have the property that when smoking occurs, the smoke must be protected so that other people can't see or smell it. But if some smokers still smoke at the general area in the restaurant, they should be fined. Finally, the government should release the new command to the restaurant about the smoking area. If the restaurant has no area to do this, the owner must make his restaurant completely ban for smoking or tell the customer to smoke outside the restaurant. In conclusion, a restaurant is the place where many people visit, there're both people who smoke and don't smoke, for the happiness of all people, smoking should not be completely banned but must be taken in the proper area in the restaurant. If this could be done, everybody would live happily and non smoker people will not have a lung cancer anymore.


I agree because the restaurants are called as a public place, so all public places should ban people not to smoke. Smoking in public places constitute harm those people who are around them very much. Even if it is in the restaurant if smokers will provide a meal on the need to smoke inhaled toxic fumes and that's important smoking in public places whether it is anywhere considered as not respecting the rights of others if they want to smoking it should be a special place for smoking specifically. However smoking is directly attacked themselves so if they can quit smoking, it should be done early so that their health are still have time to retain themselves. To your good health and to the health of the people around you, smokers should concern about that. But if it works well for most of restaurants to ban on smoking in their businesses, we all should work together, cooperate with each other to help each other follow the campaign to ban the smoking is what is right. If the person found smoking in restaurants, we should dare to go tell that person that do not smoke in this state. For the benefit of themselves and those around me, and to society more livable.


Present have many smoker. Most smoker talk we copy form parent, invite friend, try and serious. Don't have people who smoke it no reason. Smoking is very bad in my idea. It shows unloved yourself because smoke injures your lang and other organs. It can makes many disease such as heart disease, disease of digestive tract, abmormal of bone etc. More smoke it a longtime it is dangerous in yourself. May be might die. Smoker shows selfish because not only harm yourself but harm others. smoking makes toxic air and make people don't like the smell of smoke moody. Smoker might think it looks smart and charm People who do not smoke looks smoker is addict to drug and unpleasant but it do not always bad people. I will cheer those who think that to quit smoking. Although I want this world without smoke but impossible if people do not quit smoking, Sales people do not stop selling and produced do not out of production. State ought to have law ban smoke in the public. Public is including in the restaurant, shopping and country. Smoker should be as private such as your house. We should talk myself and others are not to interfere with smoke.


Nowadays, we have many people smoking around the world and they are getting sick about the lung. Most of people aware more about a good healthy especially smoking. I agreed that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is a bad behavior and cause many side effects. General people think who has received the toxic gas from cigarette is only smoker but actually other people around the smoker will receive as well. While people eat food in restaurant they will enjoy with food but if some smoker smoking around the area they will feel bad because its interrupt other people and make bad health for whoever do not smoke either. Even though at the restaurant have the area for smoker but it's not enough to decrease the rate of death from smoking because the smoker can smoking in other place. The smoke should stop smoking because is a good effect for themselves and for other people. Finally, smoking is not good for smoker and other people. The smoker should stop smoking for to be healthy person and stay with the parent as long as possible that they can do for themselves and others.


Do restaurants that you go have people smoking? Do you like it ? For people who don't smoke, Smell from smoking make someone crazy because smell make they feel dizzy and don't want to eat food. In some restaurant have a zone for smoking but some restaurant don't have. When people eat food, they catch a smell smoking. It make someone feel dizzy and vomit. Someone is allergic smoke because it make they feel ill. Not funny for them. If you go to restaurant for have a good time to eat a good food but you meet bad smell and smoke. But for smoker, they want to smoke anywhere that they want. Smoking is easy to taste but hard to stop. In my opinion, all the restaurants in the country don't have to ban smoking but should provide zone for smokers because smoking is right for everyone. We can't stop them. If all the restaurants in the country have zone for smoker, they will have more customer. Because this idea is good for everyone. People who not smoke get a good air and good meal and smoker can smoke. Everyone will happy and enjoy in food and will not have bad mood.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In many restaurants have a sign that many people see and know it immediately? Do you know it? It is a one of the important signs that people have known. It is a smoking sign. The smoking sign is a sign that many places stick it in the walls, the front mirror of shops, the important places and so on, especially all the restaurants in Thailand. The large number of restaurants in the country has stuck the smoking sign in the front of the doors as smoking of cigarette is a thing that makes the atmosphere of the restaurants look negative or poor; besides, it effects on people's bodies. For instance, if a person who is a smoker come in a restaurant and then he is smoking, the smoke not only will expand all the restaurant, but also its smell effect on many customer in the restaurant e. g. some customer may be sneeze or some customer may be cough and so on. Moreover, sometime the customer of this restaurant might come again because of smoking. From the above mentioned, smoking in the restaurants in Thailand is not the good thing to do. Thai people, therefore, should be completely banned about smoking in all the restaurants in the country; on the other hand, if they cannot do that, they should be campaign to stop smoking all the restaurants and many places. Finally, it is good for both smoker and the people who smell the smoke.


I don't smoking so that I think smoking should be banned everywhere but it can't impossible so that it should be banned wherever public place and Smoking people should smoke in identify place where everybody is smoking. Everybody should have common sense that is thoughtful other people. Example if you are in restaurant and there is a person who is smoking. Everybody don't like it and you same. It's bad manners because it can annoy around and odor of cigarette is very terrible. People who are eating will feel bad furthermore that is pollution by air, everybody must smell it. It can do aliment such as headache or cancer. Cigarette is dangerous for health that people smoke and people stay near them. Some people think about smoking is smart and handsome. This thinking is very in correct. Everybody shouldn't pattern it because it is terrible more than good. So that smoking should smoke in private place and identify place only. In restaurant shouldn't smoke cigarette. Such as some restaurant have place for smoking near toilet and outside restaurant. Some people want smoke that should smoke here and shouldn't smoke near other people specific children because they will think it's good and copy it. This is very bad for future them.


Smoking In my opinion, I think the meaning of smoking is behavior that most people do but they don't know it be hateful. Everyone may be doubt, why I said that ? but be patient, I'll explain you. According to my opinion, I think smoking is nasty because smoking not only annoys yourself but also everyone around you ;moreover, It's disadvantage for your life but everyone's life because Toxins in cigarette can make an impact for smoker such as Nicotine can make you addicted to them, Tar contains many substances coalesce brown, it cause color stain on your finger and teeth. And Carbon monoxide can make you lack of oxygen and numb etc. According to many reasons that I said, I think smoking should be completely banned in everyplace that have a lot of people. because if you don't ban, it will make many disadvantage more for person who don't smoke. If you don't want to be a person that everyone don't want to approach, just try to follow this. First thing you shouldn't drink alcohol because it'll stimulate you and make you smoke again. Second thing drink water 6 8 glasses per day because water will eliminate nicotine in your health. Finally, it's how to quit smoking a lot but you must do everything with your heart, do with your heart, just this, you'll be one person that can quit smoking as well.


Nowadays have many thing to do human life would be risk example drugs and cigarette. Drugs are an illegal but cigarette is legal that any people can bought it easy even we have laws that could sell cigarette only person have age 20+ but in some place don't pay attention with these laws. The person are cigarette addict that will have many cause to addict example his environment have many of addict people that he will be addict cigarette same another people. When who was cigarette addict he would be have many decease example lung cancer etc. or disrupt other people around he that you are attack other people by the smoke that have toxic more than the person smoking and when have other people tell to abandon he will tell it is the last! every day. How to abandon it ? Have many people can abandon to smoking because he know that he will die in a little time and some people have family backup he to abandon smoking that is an important thing to make he could done it. We should promote young people to know about pros and con of cigarette because any people will determine that he will smoke or not.


Smoking is dangerous to health. Some people don't care side effect but they think that it will make them feel good and diligent. That's true, because in cigarette have ingredient of nicotine which if you bold got nicotine it made you could hard work and feel good and felt less stressful and someone might think it's a way to act or look like an adult. But smoking no advantage so here are the disadvantage such as yellow finger nail and teeth and you'll waste money and then smoking kill you slowly. Including cigarette smoke can also make people around you don't like and hate you but only some people like it or smoking is a habit. They walked up to you for borrow lighter. Current, we would see many posters please don't smoke or don't smoke that area and including in canteen if you would like to smoke, you should be so far away from poster and you should go out from canteen or restaurant because smoking in public is impolite. Which smoke like pollution. It's very rude if you smoking in public or crowd. So currently there smokeless cigarette sell for don't disturb some people and you can smoke in public or you may smoke anywhere but it could also kill you. Even though you will don't like smoking or never smoke, you couldn't avoid smoker. So you should be careful around other smoker and avoid alcohol and take care your body have healthy.


I think it should be banned smoking at all the restaurants. Because the other people that do not smoke when they stay near the smoker that smoking will contain twice the tar and nicotine when they inhale the smoke from cigarette and it will make the annoy from the smell. If you enjoy eating the perfect meals and then have a smoker smoking near your table and you inhale the smoke with the badly smell you will concentrate with the smell that will annoy you to have enjoy eating and the smoke will harm your health when you inhale the smoke you will take the twice of tar and nicotine that is the cause of many illness. The people that do not smoke and inhale the smoke from the cigarette were the secondary smoke. The secondary smoke will take more risk that is cause of the heart disease, cancer and the other illness if they inhale the all of smoke from the smoker that near the secondary smoke. For my opinion I agree with should be banned smoking at all the restaurants from the many reason that can annoy you when you stay near the smoker and inhale the smoke and take the bad smell from the smoke.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? Nowadays, the rate of people who have been smoking is increasing up in every year, and it seems not going down soon. Smoking can make a cancer if you smoke for a long time, and also can annoy people around you, especially in a small place like the restaurant. This place should be completely banned because if other people who are not smoking it will feel smelly and stinky, and a food taste can be lost by smokes. Smoking in restaurant will make a place does not look like where people can have a lunch or dinner. Think about when you are at a restaurant and eating delicious foods, but suddenly a smoker who sits by your table is smoking impolitely, you might feel want to walk out from that restaurant immediately. Moreover, if someone who is very hungry, and there are only 2 restaurant which he can choose I'm sure that he will not choose a restaurant that full of smokers. On the other hands, if a restaurant would like to keep customers who are a smoker, then they have to make ventilator for them, so non smoker can feel comfortable with it. In conclusion, I think smoking should be completely banned in restaurant, but if it is necessary, then making a smoking area can help it out because in present the rate of smoking is going up. However, if it is possible we should not allow smoking at all.


Smoking? Well, I never understand of the person who enjoyed smoke. I know that they're smoke for some reason, but I actually can't understand them at all. Smoke have many bad thing to tell, for example, you have to spent a lot of money to buy cigarette and your healthy will get worse when you're smoking. I asked my friend why he's smoking and the answer is: It can make him calm. It can't make me clear with that reason! Well, I never smoke before and don't want to, so, maybe I can't understand them for the whole life of mine. When I saw someone is smoking, I will go to another place or make some distance with them. I don't like smoke from smoking. Smoke isn't only do bad thing to person that have it, but it also cause trouble to everybody next to you! I hope smoker think of this and care of us for a little. I know that every person have their own reason to do a thing. But sometimes, you should open your eyes and see the good and bad thing of what you do. I don't say that smoking is bad thing or good thing, every coin have two sides. Person who sees one side of the coin won't see another side. It's like the smoking. The one who smoke can understand the good point of smoke but person who doesn't smoke won't know. So, I think that we should understand smoker for the reason they're smoke so we can understand each other. Not everybody can do that. But I sure I'm the one who can't understand them at all!


I hate smoking from cigarette. I feel unhappy and uncomfortable from smoking. I don't like smoking but my father does it. I really don't know how to tell him to stop smoking. Smoking makes air pollution and a bad air. The air isn't not fresh and many time I can't breath. Who does smoking looks not good and not handsome. It's not attractive any more. Someone think smoking make them smart, good looking and handsome. It totally wrong think because smoking is very bad and destroy your health. Smoking makes cyst in lung and mouth. You also got very bad smell. Smoking dangerous for who use it and people around area. Smoking dangerous in people around area more who use it. I think our country should serious law about smoking. Smoking damage beautiful natural. Smoking make your money more lost and damage your health is bad. Who don't smoking will strong good health and feel fresh more who smoking very much. I think who smoking should none smoking for good healthy and strong. You should none smoking for your lover people and your family. It not difficult if you attention none smoking. In the world the man smoking more woman and more dread.


I agree with the state Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Since a cigarette is a substance that is bad for the body. It has very bad smell and toxic smoke when it was fired and the smoke will diffuse all of the place, for example, if you smoke in your bedroom, the smog is going to distribute around the room. The cigarette is not only bad for a smoker but also for the people that are around him because it had released carbon monoxide (CO), tar and nicotine which contain in the cigar during it was fired and these are very harmful to the lungs of smoker and nearby people. In case of the restaurant where people go to have in each meals. This place must be clean (no pollution), has beautiful views, is attractive etc. So if the some consumer smoked in the restaurant, it will cause the impurity in food because of the toxic smoke from the cigar. and this restaurant may be banned. To solve this problem, the owner should post No smoking tag in front of yours and if someone resist this command, he must be fined. Moreover you may divide the place for smoking and mustn't disturb the others.


Smoking in the restaurant is not conduct. I do not like who is smoking in the restaurant because it make me feel disgusting and the dish is not delicious for me. Every time I do not eat food, if it has who is smoking. I think a dining room prohibits smokes cigarettes because people come to eat that they to com in order to want eats or drinks to give to be satiated and they want to rest or relaxation because of they are tired to leave act work or studying. It in the event that we sit to eats rice to be and who is somebody to com smoke cigarettes. We are to eats to have happy or in vain. We are call it is hell in a dining room because we are sit to durable smell smoke cigarettes. A person at he smoke he don't know and don't think other he will be reek or how feel. Therefore get around problem by forbid smoke cigarettes in a dining room, even if someone will not satisfy somehow. Besides a smoking will send bad scent. Smoke of cigarette is danger for health and who is all around yourself. The restaurant must have a signboard to tell about smoking area. Also everyone should be resist a smoking in the restaurant and the public.


In my opinion. I agree for completely banned smoking at all the restaurants in the country. Because I do not like Smoking and I do not like smoke. The smoke make bad lung. Cell in lung is expiring. Terminal you will die. So the government banned at all the restaurants in the country. And Smoking cause to fire a build and station. It is dangerous. Last two weeks I watch a news, the house got fire because a man in the hose smoke and the cigarettes burn the hose. It is small thing but it can destroy everything. He lost his house and lose his health. People around smokers also got bad health. Many women died because their husbands smoking in the house. She smoke the smell of the cigarettes. Finally, she died before her husband because of lung cancer. What a pity!! If the government can do, they should banned all smoking in all restaurants. It can save many people can it can save air to be fresh. I think it should be serious thing to worry. If the policy is strong, people will respect it and obey the rule. But no one serious about this. I think it should completely banned.


In my opinion, based on my personally view, I really agree because the restaurant is a public restaurant. They are places which provide services for anyone who likes to have food outside their houses. All people who go to restaurants have mainly reason to have a special time with their special persons. They may plan to have something to surprise their companies. Therefore, in those restaurants should not have any single person who is smoking inside the restaurants. The disadvantage of smoking is not just only a man who smoke but it will affect the people around inside with the smokers. What if in the restaurants, there are ladies, kids, old people, can you imagine how bad is it? The disadvantage of smoking in all restaurants can also represent the image of the social. If non of restaurants do not put attention to this issues, I think there are a lot of side effect that can impact the restaurants. The owner should be made no smoking signs in restaurants. Smoking is not allowed to smoke, they should see the sign clearly. Or should develop places for smokers. To the environment in general society and individuals will be happier to see non of people smoking in the resturants.


Smoking In my opinion I think smoking is a bad thing to do because it will affect to smoker and people around them. Smoking is negatively impact the body of smoker. Toxic in cigarette smoke will enter destroyed lung and other parts of the body. Toxic in cigarette smoke cause cancer. And cigarettes smoke have effect to people who breathe smoke. From the research found that people who inhale the smoke into potential cancer than people who smoke because smoker will smoke squirt out but people who smoke will be inhaled smoke into the lung. Smoking should not be smoke in public place such as hospital, department store and library. For smoker, it is difficult to quit smoking but you should to do it for your health. It has many methods to help you to quit smoking as to reduce smoking or chewing gum instead of smoking. If you can quit smoking your health will be get better and you will have good felling more than past. It will be effect to people around you they will be happy, healthy and good mind. If you can not quit smoking when you need to smoke you must smoke to far other people. So that you cannot harm other.


I think smoking at restaurants should be banned because it's public places, it not only effects to the smokers but it effects to non smoker at present there. Besides, many children may interested of the act of smoking and try to copy it which may later develop into a habit. Smoke which increase when a person smokes a cigarette is more hazardous to a passive smoker who inhales the smoke being in close vicinity of the active smoker. The smoke being inhaled by the former is unfiltered thereby causing more ill effects. Several pulmonary diseases such as cough, bronchitis, asthma and last but not the least carcinoma of lungs may occur as a consequence of smoking. Government should be set restaurants in the country be banned smoking strictly or my opinion, the restaurant should divide two zones for smoker and non smoker. Customers should decide that they want to avoid smoke, they should choose the room which not smoking if he is smoker will be other room. And the importance, smoking in public areas is not occur because the smoking behavior will be the example for a youngster and them may try smoke and giving birth to a new generation of smokers finally. To avoid these evils of smoking and ensure a healthy platform for the youth it is not only our duty but everyone should focus the bad point of smoke more and more.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I'm strongly agreeing with this topic because smoking is bad for our life and another life too. If we are smoking it, others people will receive our smoke and when them are breathing in, they will have the poison in their body even though they are not smoking person. Smoking is making us dead as fast as possible especially the person who smokes it very much per day. Cigarettes are very easy to buy. We will see it in the shopping center or mini mart, so once of the reason that the most teenagers are smoking it because it is selling in everywhere, easy to find, and easy to buy too. In the restaurant, they must banned the smoking person and forbidden about smoking since the smoke will bother another people. I think smoke have a bad smell and it is bad with my body, therefore I never touch it and never try it. I always tell my friends too. I think the government must have the rule and should strict with that rule too. More over forbidden smoking in the restaurants is not enough for i think in the school and in the university should have this rule too for making the clean and fresh air space.


Smoking, everyone will know that is carcinogenic. Even more frequently to reduce the shock of your life with a bad breath, black teeth, liver cancer, lung cancer and another diseases. so everyone would see ads on TV now that you know me? You to hurt me burn At that time everyone will hate you a lot of sense. However smoking is not bad for health. Should turn out to play sports. Will make your life better, however it should not be smoking in restaurants because it might hurt someone you love with absorption the smoke of cigarettes. I suggest that the government should fine or punish someone who don't follow rules that we set. Many restaurants stick the signs in front of the restaurants that 'No Smoking' it said that if you smoke, you will be fined for 2000 baht. I think it should be more to stop people to smoke in the restaurant. The fine should increase, and they may go to jail for a night. So they will know how bad. If they don't love their health they can smoke but other around they love their heath so don't hurt people. They should respect people right and don't do such this bad manner in the restaurant.


If smoking can be allowed in the restaurants, I will point out some disadvantages for banning it. For example, when talking about smoking, we can imagine about the pictures in hospital that showing about people who died by lung cancer. The main factor is from smoking and they are very suffered. Smoking kills many people in each year and it seems that the number of people is increasing year by year. Even the government is trying to promote the policy to reduce smokers in the country but it seems that the policy isn't really successful. Not only smokers will get hurt from smoking but many people who smell the smoke also got effect. The results in many studies shows that the people who smell the smoke from cigarettes is taking risk rather than the smokers. They can easily die rather than the person who smoke. It is very interesting that the smokers can live longer than the person who got only smell. So, if it is possible, the smoking could be controlled in an appropriate places. All people should help the government to make this happen in order to save the world and people lives. One possible resolution is having a sign on the restaurants to tell all kind of customer that this place is not allowed to smoke, so customers can see and ready to act.


For me, I think that the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because of two reasons. The first reason is smoking may cause many troubles for the people surrounding the smoker. In the restaurant, if someone smokes the cigarettes, the other people in the same place may become to the second hand smoker. Personly, I think cigarette has not any advantages. But it has many disadvantages that's no good for health. Some people was addicted by the cigarette. In the smoke of cigarette has substances that can cause the cancer cell, especially lung cancer. In that case, you will have more risk for lung cancer. The second reason is smoking may cause many problems for the scenery of the restaurant. In my view, I think that the consumer expect to see the good sight seeing on the restaurant. If someone smokes the cigarettes, the sight seeing of that restaurant may be bad, and consumer may disappoint. So, I think that all of the restaurants should be the no smoking district. For the end, I hope that someday the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. People will think about the common advantages. And that day is a better day for everyone.


This year there are about 15 billion cigarettes are smoked. And there are about 934, 289 persons who died by smoking cigarettes. More than 50 percent of people who like to smoke are the teenage. Why they like to smoke ? How can they stop smoking ? There are many factors which, attract them to smoking. They may want to try smoking. They may imitate their friends or their family. They may want to join society. They may have too many strain and they want to relax themselves by smoking. Most of the teenage who like to smoke are the teenage who are studying at the university. In the university they can't smoke in class room, but they can smoke in smoking area. In the market a pack of cigarettes is sold about 60 baht or about 1. 76 US dollars. People who like to smoke will spend their money to buy cigarettes. That money is so wasteful because smoking doesn't benefit to their health. They should change paying their money, which they pay to buy cigarettes, to buy other things that are benefit such as food. People who want to stop smoking can stop it by reducing their amount cigarettes that they smoke per day slowly. If they can do it they will have a good health.


Smoking is one cause to have a disease for the smoker. I ever go to restaurant I saw someone was smoking in the restaurant. Smoke it's so smelt very much for me. Smoking has disadvantages for smoker. Some smoker smoking about 20 piece per day it make they have a disease especially cancer. Somebody smoking in restaurant, food centre, department store or place service. It makes these places have smelt and don't have people use a services. The most of time we found a smoker is smoking in food center and restaurant or a famous restaurant. I don't like cigarette because it not good and make unhealthy and it make someone dislike a smoker. In addition smoking is a not good looking. If we smoking in the restaurant maybe we are impose about it. Some country prevent smoking because they don't want citizen have unhealthy in their country. They afraid your country doesn't have well. So we should prevent about smoking and give a good suggestion to a smokers in order to a they think about their healthy and take care of themselves. We know a cigarette don't well for our life. So we should avoid it and give suggestion for smoker or prevent about smoking.


Everyone know that the smoking has many disadvantage for our body but in some people can't stop smoking, I don't know they are addicted to cigarettes or not So the topic about Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think we should meet half way, banned in some place and has a restriction area to smoking because when they are smoking its will have a bad smelling and I think every people thinking like me even though the smoker is don't like when has another smoker are smoking if he doesn't smoke too because its smell. but if the smokers have a manner, the manner is they are smoking alone don't have people to smell his smoke if the smoker can't smoke I think they will not in a mood and I think if they are not in mood because can't smoking they will not going to have a meal at restaurant and the restaurant owner will lose a many customer for someone really who addicted cigarettes. Finally, I think the answer of this topic is not really banned the smoking at all but have a restriction area for smoking, if the smokers have a little manner for smoking not in restaurant but it everywhere I think we will don't have a topic to discuss about it


Smoking I really do not agree with smoking because it is just not only the smell of smoking, but it also concludes the character of the person who always smokes cigarettes. I do not understand that many people ( school boys and girls, teenagers, and adults) smoke everyday without carefulness that it is not really good for their health and the ones who surround them. Smoking is useless and terrible. Whenever it was talked about smoking there is no any useful thing to discuss at all. There are just only the bad things for smoking:   Do not be useful to any health or person: how much cigarettes you smoke, how much bad health you are.   It is not acceptable: if you are smoking at any official party, and many people will look at you as a bad manner person.   Do not practice according to some religious precepts: especially in Buddhist, the fifth precept is Do not drink any alcohol or have any drugs. These things have demonstrated why smoking cigarettes are not acceptable. There are a lot of useless things about smoking that will make you to be a bad man or woman. Therefore; all these reasons about are enough to ban smoking at restaurants in the country completely or anywhere. Thus; everyone should avoid smoking cigarettes because it is not good for health and anyone. Moreover; you should advise your friends, parents, and anyone that you know to avoid to smoke cigarettes.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think this is the good way for all the country and the best way to do it is ban the smoking in the public or limit the age of the smoker to reduce the smoker to only the old people and out of them. The smoking as we know it is the best way to killing our self directly. Some of the reason that we cannot understand it that all the smoker know the bad factor about but why people still smoking it. And the worst thing that happen in most of the smoker family is the allergic because most of them smoking while they are playing with their kids and they will breathe the smoke to their lungs and when they growth up they will get allergic to the air and their healthy will be suck for all the time. It's the bad way to raise the kids and they will be doing same to their parents so it will be the bad circle of the family life. At last we still have to make the champagne about quitting smoking and the world will get cleaner then today and we still have to self ours next generation kids to be the good men or woman of the world.


I strongly agree with that because it is very dangerous for smokers and environs. Smoking is becoming a big problem at this time. There are a lot of people to smoke. Nowadays new smoker and women smoke increasingly. They spend a lot of money in order to buy cigarettes. I don't know the advantages of cigarettes. I know many disadvantage them. Although they have a lot of cancers, people still smoke. Actually smoking must be strictly prohibited everywhere. Other people don't want to smell the smoke of cigarettes during do something. I feel bad when someone smokes near me. If I were wizard, I would not have cigarettes in the world. Everybody feels good and healthy. The restaurants will be a pleasant place to use the service and the customers will very enjoy and feel joyful with the taste of delicious food. The smokers should be aware of the effects of the smoking. If they think carefully, they will realize how the smoking damage their bodies and others. In the restaurants, it is absolutely a place for non toxic areas, thus, the air should be fresh and smell clean. That's why I think it is dangerous to allow people to smoke in this area.


If we talk about smoking, many people maybe feel bad about it because it make person who they love died. The smoke from cigarette has a lot of danger for smoker and people who received it. The experts tell us about danger from smoke that cause almost place don't support smoking in public because a person who received the smoke can be disease more than smoker. Many people think only the smoker can received a lot of smoke but in fact, the smoker received it less than because in the bottom of cigarette has cigarette butt which can save the smoke a little bit. If we observe when someone smoking, he will make many smokes on the air that means people who is near has to receive it fully. We may be heard the second smoker that means a people who receive the smoke more than smoker. It causes them to disease faster. I think many places which are the public place should provide the place for people who want smoke or the other ways I think you should be not to smoke. Let's decrease the rate of death from cigarette. Please do not forget tell a person who is close up you to stop smoking.


Smoking should be banned for a 100%. I agree if all restaurants agree to ban smoking in their place. Restaurants must be place for eating and enjoy and have a good time with family or friends not eating among smoking around. Health and food are not good with smoking. How to stop people smoke in the restaurants? It is very easy because the owners have that right. If they are strong and not flexible, no one will dare to do it. The warning tag should be in the restaurants too. To tell people not smoke in the restaurants because it harm other people. I think smokers should stop smoking because there are a lot of disease from cigarettes. They will be look older than their age, their breath is very bad smell, lung and heart will be bad and bad, and finally they have canner. It's very suffering if they got sick from smoking. They should know about that. Some of them know but don't take action because they think it is cool. People will like to see them smoke. They are wrong! Smoking make them look bad and not attractive at all. So I think they should think about this carefully so that they can become attractive some day.


A restaurant where everybody will be meet together. Almost a restaurant in the world have a many law for protect a customers and for make a good standard. For example, You can't bring your pet in restaurant area because your pet might be make problem for other customers, You can't bring your food for meal in restaurant because it will less their standard and disrespect for restaurant. A one law that very important is no smoking in a restaurant. In my opinion, smoking is the bad thing in publish. It is very terrible for people who near smoker. A vapor will attack to health. Many disease is from a smoke of cigarette. People who don't smoke need to resist smoking in publish place especially restaurant. I think, If you go to restaurant, you expect for have a good meal. But a smoke is a big problem to you, a period of time to be down. Moreover, smoker will a bad sample for children who very innocent about it. It is beginning for children wonder a cigarette if they see in restaurant or publish place. In conclusion, a restaurant should be a place where everybody can make a good time with out smoke and smoker. There are a place where children make a good memory and have a good view in their memory. For that reason, Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.


Smoking is to bad thing that the most people dislike but a few people still do it. The most people hate the cigarette's smoke because it is the source of lung's cancer. A few people are still smoking the cigarette because when they leave to stop smoking the will be clumsy and if they leave to stop for a long time they will crazy immediately. The cause is they cannot stop to leave the cigarette immediately so the smoking person who want to leave to smoke the cigarette should slowly leaving such as today you smoke 6 times per day and next week you should decrease smoking to 5 times per week and finally you can stop to smoke. This is another way to stop smoking a cigarette. The most people who have not smoke will think that the smoking person make the tedium for the pubic, that is the cause for the government notice the bad way of smoking cigarette by television and the billboard in anyway. some place you can not smoke if not they will fine but I never see the place that have person who smoke will be fine in Thailand. Because the Thailand law enforcement is not strict. To conclude, Smoking is a bad way in society but the cigarette can make the value in economic system so we can not deny them like the alcohol that have a stock in stock market also.


Smoking, the things make you happy temporarily. In the past, many people think that smoking is very smart and cool. Today, many organizations have campaign to prevent everybody from smoking. Why many organizations have to resist smoking? Because smoking make you have a bad things in your life. First, you may lose your real character when you are smoking you will pick up cigarette at all time. Second, you will be a stink. Furthermore, you could have a bad health such as, lung cancer and air sac aneurysms. At this moment, many country has a law that you do not smoking in public place. This law can protect many people that hate and annoy from smoking. But, some people has breach the regulations. Consequently, everyone in their country should implant teenager to have a conscious and feel sorry for the actions. You should implant to the child that smoking cause many problems. Why are addicted to smoking. It has many reasons to addict to smoking. Friends have great influence during the ages that changing into teenage. Parenting is a part too. Everything that I have told before is a real cause of the problems. If you have a member in family who smoke you should help him to stop it.


Agree with that should not be smoking in restaurants around the country because the restaurant is a restaurant for dining. A public restaurant to anyone who does not supposed to smoke inside the restaurant. The bad will happen, it does not happen, but with male smoking only But it will affect the people around inside the cylinder with the people. The opinion that smoking in restaurants. But the disadvantages that both the internal and external The image of social outsiders look. The impact that followed. The owner should be made no smoking signs in restaurants or public places. Smoking is not allowed to see the sign prominently or a restaurant owner should be prepared places for smokers to sit it. It would be better for him be smoke in restaurant. A good government should be a law banning smoking in restaurants or public places that should be advertising to the negative effects of smoking and the distribution more pronounced. And there should be more stringent penalties than ever. To the environment in general society and individuals will be happier to see people smoking, quit smoking. All people who don't smoke will be happy too that they don't smell tobacco and don't get hurt from smoking.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is bad for health, It is source of cancer both who smoking itself and other people who got smoke. It will bring trouble to smoker for example, will sleep much more than usual through this phase of cessation that is a common side effect of nicotine dry mouth insomnia headaches etc. Additionally, during clinical studies, the most common side effects which caused people to discontinue smoking and skin rash. At present, there are many places have some people smoking both private places and public places such as restaurants. In fact, the restaurant is a public place. There are many people in restaurant so that, should not smoking because it is not only harm to smoker itself but harm to other people in close by smoker. Moreover, it is to conceive a dislike for another else In this result, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. We should fight Don't Smoking or ban some people that smoke in the restaurants or the public places. If everybody to form a united front banned smoking and smoker considerate of another's feeling, It will better sure.


Nowadays, there are a lot of people smoke for several reasons. Someone smoking to relax or peer pressure. Nevertheless, someone wants to abstain from smoking but they can't because of addiction. I have been in a restaurant eating my food, then a cloud of smoke coming to me and I felt very bad. So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my view, three major reason that should be banned at the restaurants in the country. First, a cloud of smoke annoys the customers in restaurant. It effects on other customers who smell it. Healthy problem is second reason. Smoker may illness such as lung disease, heart attack, and etc. Third, if you do not smoke you can save your money. In the restaurant, some people want to smoke and enjoy their meal. I would think that they can smoke at the place where set up for them. Possible, you should abstain from smoking because it good for you In conclusion, I would think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it annoys other customers, it effects on the health's smoker, and it wastes the money uselessly.


Smoking looks a cylindrical roll paper (Size is usually shorter in length and 120 mm in diameter not exceeding 10 mm) with ground tobacco wrapped in paper, packaging or soi. One end is open for light And the other one is a filter. For the mouth, inhale cigar smoke is different from (en: cigar) where smoking is smaller that And tobacco that are crushed or Soi. And wrapping paper. Cigar tobacco leaves are usually the leaves. Cigar types that are smaller as a special cigar smoking is called L'Grill (en: cigarillo) Smoking is known to people who use English since before the war, more female c. When soldiers of the British Empire. From imitation of tobacco wrapped in newspaper. Turkish soldiers from the kingdom it Otto. Therefore agree with the restaurant is extremely prohibited smoking in stores, because people who quit smoking. Will live longer than those who continued to smoke on. The people who quit smoking before age 50 years will likely lose half life of people who still smoke to current law and according to the entertainment of pubs, bars, restaurants and markets all types of Clothing Market Market. Including the Weekend Market. Weekend open end of the sale of various forces, both air conditioned and non air conditioned. Field must be 100 percent smoke free, but can place a smoke outside but must be ventilated to remote people. No smelly noise. The effect on 11 February 2551 the breach does not comply with this notification. Is the owner of a fine legal administrator places a fine of 20, 000 people who smoke in prohibited area will be a fine not exceeding 2, 000 Baht


I do strongly agree, because the restaurant is the public place there for everyone can use service there. The most of people hates smoke smell if there are smokers in the restaurant and they are smoking and the bad smell will bother other people also, they will not enjoy with their meal then get upset. The big problem is we did not smoke but we have to get toxin which we did not produce but other smoker did it. Everyone knows that smoking does not benefit to heath and people who are around us. Imagine that while we are enjoying with the meal and there is someone is smoking and the smell is very bad I think that we will go to bad mood for surly. If the restaurant allow the some customers smoking than the others customer who are not smoking will not go that place because it is dirty means that it dirty full of smoking smell and makes the atmosphere of the restaurant looking bad. It is not a good thing if you are smoking because the children will copy that bad behavior and that that will be the problem. There are a lot of champagnes that try to help smoker to give smoking up if the restaurant agree to ban smoking that will help them to try to give smoking up in order to get into that restaurant and everyone will be happy while the meal.


Many people ask me what is smoking well for. I answer them that smoking doesn't have a good thing but many people like to smoking. It has many ways to smoke such as cigarette and pipe. In a cigarette it has nicotine that can make you to get a lung cancer. If you don't smoking but you stay in a place that has a smoker you will get a disease too. Many people die because of lung cancer per year. When you are smoking nobody don't want to be around you because it bad for lung. Nowadays number of smoker is decreasing that is a good new. In my home town has a rule that Don't smoking in public place just like in a restaurant. But somebody doesn't follow the rule. They will fine by the police if they found them. It's doesn't hard to throw away the smoking. First when you are wanted to smoke, you should do anything instead. Next you should play sport or do exercise and don't be serious when you do something fail. Last if you can't do that you should see the doctor, doctor will give you a good advice and the way how to avoid it.


Everyone know that smoking is bad for their health. So why is someone still smokes? Well, probably because they think that smoking is smart or it can make them relax. In case of restaurant, Does smoking must be banned ? It's extremely sure! The restaurant is a place that many people come to have a breakfast, a lunch or a dinner. They can be cute baby, smart boy, beautiful woman or old grandfather. Surely that they don't want to be harm from smoking. Everyone don't want to be close to a person who is smoking, because it has a bad smell and it is bad for their health. But, how can we do if they really want to smoke? Well, you can build a private room that used for smoking. You can decorate the room with anything that will be beautiful. This room must be far away from people that come to have a meal and it must be far away from the toilet too. May be this is the best way for them. Smoking doesn't give you any benefit. It doesn't give you only a bad health, but it will waste your money too. So, you must not smoke!


There are not much people like smoke from smoking. I think it must be banned in the public area because it not harms only the one who smoke but it harm the people around them. So, the place like restaurants that child and family come together Smoking should have banned. For many years that I saw the paper of no smoking area especially in the restaurants and they still smoking and don't care other people so, I agree that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking make restaurants look terrible It smell bad The one who like it is only the smoker who smoked and it wrong to harm others people. Why shouldn't they smoking in a smoking area. I think they should have a law about smoking and use it strictly and allow the police to catch the one who doesn't smoking in the place. I have known many of my friends who allergic the smoke and they say it make them can't breathe well. And I think many of people don't like it too. I think smoking should be banned at the restaurants. If it have banned It Not only good for the people but for the restaurants itself. Because it make restaurant look better and attractive the customer.


Nowadays teenager serious more over and someone choose the way to smoking for make it better but they do not know that is the bad way and it make them unhealthy. In the opinion of someone who is smoker they also thing if they are serious smoking can make them feel very well, and someone they think when they are smoking that help them look very cool, but in the other way it is wrong opinion. Smoking make someone who is smoker unhealthy and if you smoking for a long time it is very dangerous because that can make people who is closer you unhealthy or maybe die. So many people begin to focus in the smoker and try to warning them in many way such ban to smoking in school, university, hospital, office, supermarket, post office and so on. They try to focus in teenager because nowadays teenager smoking more and more, but it is the hard way to stop them because it is just a few group. So if everybody give your hand and help that can decrease the smoker. Smoker can lower if everybody try to focus and help, it is the good way to help our world have healthy and long age too.


I think I don't agree with smoking in the restaurants. In another word, all restaurants should ban the smoking! Because it makes the body unhealthy, got many diseases in the body as you know like canner, heart disease etc. on the other hand, people who sit next to them or stay close to them also got effects from the smoking. The mother who has a little baby or who is pregnant can be harmful. They got nicotine from the cigarettes without smoking. The baby may get health destroyed as his mother does as well. If the restaurants want to let people to smoke, it must be various corners for smokers so that they can smoke themselves and don't distract others. Anyways, I don't support the idea to allow smoking in the restaurants because it is like you are inviting someone to die quickly and supported them to have a bad health. Nowadays, the government already announced the policy about banning smoking in the restaurants including night clubs and public places. However, the policy seems to be unsuccessful. There are still a lot of people who don't care about that and keep smoking like they are fine and who cares. I want to see people follow the policy so our country will be better.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking could prohibited absolutely in the public area and restaurants. It cause more effect to people Who do not smoking by its smoke that is very bad. The restaurants could have a beautiful atmosphere Where have not smoking. So it should be banned. The smoke consist of many bad gas such as Carbon dioxide, Carbon monoxide and smell of cigarette. In Thailand, the government is worry about Smoking so the government has created the smoking prohibited project. But in the real, the smoking Hasn't disappeared. Many people may smoking because it is either be a trend of smart or decrease Their stress. So restaurants can banned smoking by cutting this trend. There can show the good trend Picture or advertiser then when smoking people see that they will not smoke in the restaurant. Next, the government must completely banned smoking in the restaurant and have a clearly rule for The people who do not do by the rule. Then I think in the future the restaurant could not have Completely smoking and the beautiful atmosphere in the restaurant. The customer will enjoy with This improvement absolutely.


I agree with this topic because smoking is bad not only with smoker but it also bad to the people around you. Smoking is the bad behavior. Smoking is very harmful. They destroy health and the weather. People die if they smoking for a long time and smoking is the causes of lung cancer and hearth attract. It should have the champagne about the harmful of smoking for quitting the smoking thing so it will reduce the smoker for the smoking. And the school should teach the children in the good way so it will have opportunity that the children will transmission the information about how bad of the smoking. Smoking has no advantage but they had only the bad. When the smoker is smoking, they not only destroy their self but they are destroying people around them. When you smoke outside you should smoke in place that make for smoking only. You should take care of the other because they didn't do anything wrong and you should not destroy them. Smoking is very waste of money and instead that you can take your money to your future. You should bring your money to do the many good thing are better than to bring your money to buy the cigarette.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays, people all over the world especially boys and man in every age like to smoke. When they have free time form their job or break from their class. They always go to the toilet to smoke. Smoking is not good for your health, since fume form the smoking will destroy your lungs. Not only you lungs, But It also destroys the lungs of people who stand near you. I think smoking is a fashion. They think that when they smoke they will smart, but I don't think so. I don't like the people who smokes. Moreover, these people do not respect the places, such as they smoke in temples while other people are praying. They smoke in school, while teachers and other student are teaching and studying. They smoke in the hospital. In addition, these people smoke in the restaurants all over the world. Especially in the restaurants that built in air conditioner. When we eat food while someone smokes, I think it's not good for our health. Moreover it's a very bad behavior. The government or organization all over the world should solve this problem, such as make the notice about no smoking in the public areas or banned at all about smoking in the restaurants in the country.


Everybody know about the effect of smoking is bad for health, but somebody still smoke it, moreover they smoke in public place. They are killing others in indirectly way. The smoker told when they smoked, they feel good and relax. when they stressed, they have to go to smoke and feel better, but I don't think like this. There are many bad effect from smoking. Heart and lungs was affected by smoking. If carbonmonoxide level in blood is higher, brain was limited to work and heart can stop working. In addition, heat destroy many organ, mouth, teeth, etc. So, If they told smoking make them feel good, it's not true. Because of after smoke in long time their health are worse and they will not feel happy as before. Today in Thailand, we have the law of smoking. the smoker can not smoke in any public place(restuarant, departmentstore, park, street, etc. ), but I found many smoker were smoking in many public place, restuarant, park, university, etc. The green house gas from factories, car, etc. that make the global warming is too much. If they still smoke, that will increase the disaster too. All of above I can't see any benefits of smoking. Smoking is bad for smoker, moreover it attack the victim who don't want to get it. it bad for health and the world. So I think, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Many countries have restrictions on the quantity of cigarettes or tobacco that can be brought into the country. In many countries, tobacco products are taxed heavily, so travelers importing more than a few packets of these products should expect to pay import duties. On the other hand, many countries also have facilities that permit departing travelers to purchase these same products, duty free, at the border, as they leave the country. People who smoke products other than tobacco should be aware that cannabis and other recreational substances are prohibited in many countries. Some countries impose severe penalties for attempting to import even a small quantity. If you are found in possession   and some cases even carrying implements that can be, or have been, used for smoking these products   you may be arrested and imprisoned, possibly for life. In Asia, particularly in China, smoking is still something of a social activity, at least for men. Anyone with cigarettes will offer them around before he lights up; having an expensive brand is a status symbol. Female smokers may be thought odd; more men and fewer women smoke in Asia than in Western countries. Restaurants do not usually have non smoking areas; many do not have ashtrays either. Areas such as bus stations may have "no smoking" signs, but these are often ignored. Non smokers should be prepared to endure smoky rooms. Even in China, though, this is slowly changing. Smoking is now forbidden in many restaurants, at least in major cities.


Nowadays, smoking can see at every place. It is a addict activity. Some people think smoking is a fashion, somebody thinks it looks smart. But it's not at all, smoking can destroy their health and closed people. In my opinion, smoking is a bad doing because it disturb other people who don't like smoking, make their health worse and make pollution. Smoking in the publish place such as bus stops, park or the open area. It's harmful for both smoker and closed people. If smoker smoke in the close area especially the restaurant where a lot of people come to eat foods or drinks. It can disturb another people and make a pollution in the restaurant. When smoker start to smoke in the restaurant, the air conditioner will receive a bad smell and it will be around the restaurant, that is hard to get rid of it. It will make unhappy, moody, etc. for people who need a good food, good drink, good surrounding in the restaurant. However, the restaurant should make non air conditioner place for the smoker who want to smoke when they wait foods. Moreover, smoking is destroy their health. It can cause cancer and many other symptoms both smoker and non smoker. So, I agree that the smoking should be banned at all the restaurant in the country.


Cigarettes are made from tobacco grown in everywhere around the world. Most of countries grant the factories to produce cigarettes. A lot of profits both government and enterprise earned each year. However, WHO knows the danger of cigarettes for smokers and non smokers will be equal or even worse for their health. Smoking can cause cancer and many other symptoms. Smoke in public places such as public parks, bus stops or in the streets which are in the open areas cause harmful effect to health for both smokers and non smokers who presents in the areas. If smokers smoke in the closed area such as in the theater, house, restaurant, air plane, etc. It will cause more danger because both smokers and non smokers will be easily harmed by smoke. Restaurants are the place where people come to enjoy their foods and drinks especially with their families. Smoking could ruin the atmosphere in the restaurants and also cause danger to health of all people around them. The air conditioner in restaurants will make it even worse when smokers start smoking their cigarettes, because there is no air ventilates to get rid of all smoke and it will be in their breath and to all lungs of people. Government, especially ministry of public health must realize about the health of people and establish the law against smoking in the restaurants both non air condition and air condition to keep people away from smoke of cigarettes. I strongly recommend that smoking should be completely banded at all restaurants in the country.


Smoking is a big problem in this world. I don't know who was think that how to smoke the cigar or etc. The smokers are not pretend to the other people. In Thailand, some of restaurants are accept the smoker to having some food on it. But mostly in department store or the place that maintain air condition are unaccepted the smoker in that place. I wanted that in my country have the rule that smoking in all of restaurants in my country is prohibited. The prohibition in Thailand has dropping the waste on the street, smoking in the park or the public place. Mostly of people in Thailand are not paying attention on it. I'd like all of governors or the public people talking on this thing. Despite the most of people careless of it, they not have any thinking about it. In conclusion, Thailand still at the slowest way to changing the worst way to the better way. I really like the place that they do not have any people who smoke because I really hate it. I am really like to get it out of the world. I'd like the most of the people in the world stop smoking it completely done.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is not good for health, No matter yourself or people around you. You should not smoke in restaurant or public, because I think it is impolite. If you smoke in public, people around you who do not smoke will take effect from your smoking fume. They may do not like your behavior and may complain you. If you really want to smoke, you should smoke in area without people. In the good way, you should not smoke. Although cigarette is so expensive and it does not have advantage, some people buy it. If you smoke a lot of cigarettes for a day, you will be cancer. You will die torturously. Your family will be very sad. It is not good for you and your family. In many years, the number of people who died from cancer has increase. You should stop smoking now. You cannot give up smoking in a day. You have to decrease smoking cigarette. You will be success. Your parents, your wife, your children and your friends will be proud in you. Money in your wallet will be higher, because you have not to buy cigarette anymore.


Smoking should be banned in all public places. A smoking has affect the health of others. The smoker lead to detrimental health condition are very much so present to society. Many people could die so stop smoking. The smoker may cause cancer. I think that we should not be smoking in public place because many people can cause from fume smoke. I never to smoke cigarettes because smoking is harmful for other people. Although the person who smokes also get the harmful, but the person who smells. Smoking a non  smoking, should there be a choice? Imagine sitting in a restaurant unable to enjoy a meal due to the cloud of smoke coming from neighbor's table. The fact that there was not a designated area for smokers has put the smoker and non  smoker in an uncomfortable situation. Smoking should be banned in public places because non  smoker have a night to clean air and because the cloud of smoking is more dangerous than actually smoking a cigarette. However, smoking should not be banned in public places because it is the smoker's choice to smoke just us it is the non  smokers choice not to smoke I think smoking should be banned in all public place is that is unpleasant to non  smoker.


Smoking is a bad habit in my point of view. On our society, the person who smoke is detest or there is nobody need to stay near him or her who smoke because the terrible smell and a danger from the smoke. So, in our country there are the low or the discipline that do not allow people smoke in the public place and the restaurant also in order to protect others people who do not smoke from it affects. If there are a people who break the low, they will be fined. However, I think that the sentence that they get is a light thing. Because smoke can cause many diseases such as cancer, allergy, and etc. that lead to dead. Therefore, to cope this trouble we must completely ban at all in any public place, especially restaurant in our country for the better quality in the people life and better quality of people mind and can make our society to be place that we can live safely without the health problem from the smoke affect any more. Finally, I hope that in the future Thailand will be the first country where smoking is be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Smoking will be asked if you know who smoke cigarettes or whether a penalty. Most know there is blame to ask why not quit often a different excuse. Such as invest much smoke and people who smoke do not see the fine people who died soon quit to quit and then the fat for various reasons to make excuses. The truth is, you have nicotine in cigarettes. Smoking will hurt themselves cause many diseases related to smoking every year people die from smoking a lot. Economic loss. Like to buy. Cost treatment. Off work because of illness. The question that asked us about what do we think about smoking in the restaurant or dining room. Is not very good thing to do. It shows that you don't respect others and you are unkind human I can say. Especially in public as the signal to intentionally harm others. Then came more smoke in a restaurant or restaurant that allows smoking. It should be objectionable to others. Place because they do not deserve to be smoking. Places such as places where people need a lot. Harmful toxins from the smoke of cigarettes. Important to male smoking must have lost everything. even people we love.


I'm strongly agree with the sentence is "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. " Smoking are very bad habit for me. It make many disadvantages with smokers. Smoking are making bad healthy for smokers. And it have effect to other people. Personality of smokers are damage. Especially, the lung are weak, breathe are not smooth, and have mouth smell too. I have listened the word is "Smoking are smart" from many smokers but, in my opinion, it isn't smart and it annoy to other people. When smokers go to the restaurants where have many people are eating foods. If smokers smoking in the restaurants, they must to banned and must to get out from restaurants. Because they make bad pollution to other people. Besides, healthy of smokers are damages, healthy of other people around smokers are damages too. And smoking give many disadvantages to other people. So, smokers must to respect the place and honors other people. Smokers should be stop smoking and they must to take care their healthy. For better healthy of smokers. For your Personality are smart and for other people agree you more than time.


There are many organizations have started campaigns to stop smoking. Because now, smoking is not only in adults only. But now, smoking became popular with teenagers. Disadvantages of smoking have more advantages such as smoking may be a cause of respiratory disease, lung cancer, cause premature aging and other. Smoking in public places or restaurants who will not smoke the disadvantage that they are not done. Why are we not to ban smoking in restaurants. There are 4 reasons. First smoke of cigarettes to children cold make the restaurant a respiratory disease and affect growth if it inhaled a lot of often. The second in a smoking harmful substances when smoking a lot of time and hard work will cause lung can cause is lung cancer and asthma. The third is smoke smell may cause upset in the next table eating. Finally a cigarettes. Therefore, the order should prohibit smoking in restaurants must be held in the smoke for particular. To good health of those who do not smoke. Summary of smoking in restaurants as part of many disadvantages, such as the nuisance to others. Cause premature aging of cancer, so we should not be banned smoking in the restaurants.


Smoking in restaurants is not ideal because it would remove others and stir in the indirect harm others. The social will recognize that each should not smoke in restaurants. Or the general public. Because tobacco smoke is to disturb others, And some are very nasty smoke and could not eat food. And tobacco smoke can also cause other diseases such as lung cancer, air bag, which aneurysms boggy more significant. Smoking in restaurants is considered bad manners in society. Because everyone is already known not to smoke in restaurants. And are also illegal because the law not to smoke in restaurants, parks and other various, and some of them Practice reviewed by someone not Practice which we see frequently. But in a restaurant somewhere in the countryside still have to fight each other on cigarettes and can not be prohibited. But still very good at the restaurant is open air. If the wind does not blow towards us we were not smoke cigarettes. I think the restaurant should be organized for the smoke to clear to our customers. Do some people not to smoke, he did not install it may have to smoke before eating or after eating. The better we should find that his smoking is the best solution.


Everybody must know the smoking it very not good. But why the people in this world like to smoke. In Thailand it's the same, the most people like to smoke and it's not easy to stop. Some people don't know smoking it's very bad for many things. First, I think it's not good for your health. Your health must be very important in your life. If your health or your body have any problem, I think it's a very bad news in your life. It's same some body in your family death and you must very sad about this news. So another thing that happens to you is your nails and toe nails will turn yellow. Now you may know that your finger nails turn yellow because of the cigarette being near them, but what you probably don t know is that your toe nails turn yellow because not all of the tobacco gets out of your nose and your mouth. But not all of it comes out so it gets inside you and gets out through your toe nails. We must try to take care the body for make it healthy every time. If everybody who smoke can stop smoking, it can help the people who never smoke too. It's mean if people get some smoke for who smoking the cigarette, they can be a sick very easy. If they not smoke in the place where many people (the restaurant, the park, the department store) it's can help many people.


I agree with the statement is that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. You can image if you aren't a smoker sitting in a restaurant and next to you there is a smoker. How do you feel? Restaurants are public area, where I think that is not appropriate for smoking. Smoking at all restaurants can make bad atmosphere and cause an adverse health to non smokers in that area. First of all, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because it makes bad atmosphere. Smoking nears non smokers can be considered as impolite manner in many or every countries because of its bad smell. Smoking smell can make air become bad and most of people who come to restaurants may be unsatisfied at those restaurants. It also can make the conversation in a group of non smokers stopped. In addition to smoking in restaurants should be banned because it causes a bad healthy to a group of non smokers. Smoking cigarette can cause many bad effects and cancer diseases. These adverse effects are not just impact to smokers but also non smokers who get air of smoking. Unfortunately, the non smokers may be more getting adverse effects than the smokers even they do not smoke but do inhale directly. In conclusion, smoking at restaurants should be banned in the country because it creates bad air atmosphere and cause bad effects to your health.


Smoking is very dangerous for everybody. It's can makes many disease to people. And at the restaurant, where are people to eat food and drinks for body. It's must have smog from smoking is better and best. Smoking can kills many people in only time with smog. It's can make cancer and many disease Restaurant and anywhere should not have smog from smoke. Smoking should banned at the restaurant from many reason. Firstly, smoking can make many disease to people. Secondly, smoking make annoyed for everybody at the restaurant. Finally, smoking is the important for money use to beware of patient. In the many reason, smoke must be banned at the restaurant for everybody. The government should be make rules for smoke with be stick. Should have where for smoke example toilet etc. If person who want to smoke, his can go it. For good healthy and not interfere to people smoke. Smoking should be banned at the restaurant and everybody should be avoice smoke ay restaurant. I thing it's dangerous for healthy. It's main problem to healthy. And restaurant, where is people to eat could not have smog for good healthy and good atmospheres.


I do agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons to support my opinion. Firstly, smoking is not really good for health. It damages the health of whose smoking it, and it's a great cause of canner. It leads to be dead if who smoke it a lot and for long time. It is not good for others who near them too, they might get the smoke. Next, I think smoking in the public such as in the restaurants is not good and it is a bad behavior because it is not a good thing to do in public. Maybe parents bring their kids to have breakfast, lunch or dinner at the restaurants. They might see adults are smoking and someday they might imitate when their parents away home or maybe they will do it in school with friends. That is not a good behavior to do in front of children. Finally, smoking is caused to lost a lot of money that they might not know. People who are smoking it have to spend money to buy it. Even it isn't cast too much but if take it for long time its can be a lot by nonsense things. Therefore, I think it's a good idea that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants and also everywhere in the country.


"A thin cylinder of finely cut tobacco rolled in paper for smoking" is the meaning of cigarette from Oxford Dictionary. In the present a lot of people died from effect of it. It is a small thing but huge effect from your health. A lot of teenage started to smoke since high school because "friend" they think it is a cool thing but actually it slowly destroy your health in every way and every time Until the end of your life. Cigarette is cause of following cancer Lung, voice box, Oral cavity, mouth, tongue, and lips, throat, Kidney, Bladder, ETC. Smoking affects a smoker's health in many ways, harming nearly every organ of the body and causing diseases. Many people think Cigarette is not effect for other people who didn't smoke it but do you know what? Actually secondhand smoke is very dangerous for health. Every year on May 31 is World no Tobacco day (WNTD) created by World Health Organization (WHO) since 1987 for abstinence from all forms of tobacco consumption across the globe. So if you are smoker stop smoking today before it too late. Although it hard to do but if you try harder and harder you will do it in someday. Just stop smoking for a good health!


I agree with Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has many disadvantages for health. smoke cigarette have many toxic substances, for example carbon monoxide, mercury, formaldehyde, carcinogens, nicotine. That nicotine is s risk factor causing disease several species. Such as cardiac disease, myocardial ischemia, lung cancer, bronchitis, air bag aneurysm and respiratory disease. It affects the pump and close injured by toxic substances. We need to set non smoking. To protect quality of life of those who do not smoke and reduce the risk of illness from the disease smoke cigarette. Because smoking no  good for healthy. The only restaurants install air conditioning with limited space. In present most people, especially those who live in city. The restaurants are popular for the party of family. In the restaurants have many people. Smoking makes losing money unnecessarily. Also cigarette is expensive. Smoking lost time, healthy not good. Also damage health and destroy environment. It pollutes the air. If have who smoking other people get bad atmosphere. I think the law should prohibit smoking in all public places. Penalties that are strictly prohibited. Campaign against that issue seriously. If people do not smoke the society a better places. So for good health. And happy to eat. We must ban smoking at all restaurants.


Smoking banned in resturant. I completely agree with that where it should be bannen in the resturant and all public places example building, shopping centers, clubs, street, park, squares, airport and hotels etc. They shouldn't be free to smoke elsewhere. Smoking has been shown to be dangerous to health. The simple fact is though that smokers are affecting the health of non smokers as well as their own. I really hate is walking down the street behind someone smoking a cigarette. We should afford to break smoking. I propose that we should make a campaign about smoking. It causes harm not only to the individuals who are smoking, but to the people around them too. They should smoke in thier own places. At lest ban it 100 feet from a restaurant! I don't care if you smoke outside so long as it's not a confined space or venue, but if we're inside, please go outside to smoke your cancer sticks. Smoking is an addiction. Smoking a cigarettes is not benefit to you. Smoking is gross, extremely unhealthy, stinky, and totally uncool. Everyone should quit smoking right away! "I can't stop smoking" That is the stupidest argument I've heard. The government should be strictly anti smoking law in place.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the entire restaurant in the country, the cigarette is a badly things in my idea, I think that very smell, dirty, and make a lot of the ailment, not only smoker but that's make the ailment in everybody around smoker, when they breath the cigarette smoke. The badly ailment of cigarette is cancer, the cancer is the badly ailment in this world that badly same the AIDS. If you have cancer you must have to treat a long time at hospital, use a lot of money to treat that, that's not good to be. Now I think must banned smoking in the restaurant because we want to eat the delicious food not go to breath the bad air. If the smoker have the conscious mind with every body at public zone, I think that's not good to anybody but that's so good to smoker too because the air in around here is not have a dangerous any body can breath with be joyous. I want to see the fresh world, the world is with out the badly air from the cigarette smoke, with out the ailment such as the cancer, I want to see every body have a strong health, but smoker please stop smoking at the public area for your health and our health.


Smoking is punished. You do not know, you know. I can tell your that Smoking contains over 4000 chemicals in cigarette type, which has many chemical pollutants. Cause genetic change (en. mutagenic) carcinogens (en. carcinogen) Smoking increases the likelihood of lung cancer. who smoke have a chance to 80 90%. pregnant women who smoke Children lose the opportunity. Most of the people involved in smoking as Or another guide. People who smoke it think it might look good or Smoking make you feel relaxed. You own imagination It is not be true. Current Lot more people smoking. whether as a place of public protection. Some restaurants have a smoking. but in Thailand is often prohibited smoking in restaurant. a have corner that is smoking. may have some place of smoking. should have rules prohibit smoking inside restaurant all country. It is a good thing. Because when we smoke smoke it be mixed into food or People around the lung cancer risk. May be measures by adjusting the money or not to store food again. I think people who are smoking in or No one restaurant again. Because It will destroy you and family.


There are many reasons that people should stop smoking. Smoking has many disadvantages. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. That is very good for other customers in the restaurants because smoking is not good for health. People who smoke will be cancer and many other diseases. Health of the people who smoke is bad. Beginners can stop smoking easier than people who smoke for a long time. However all they should stop smoking for their health and the people around them. Smoking is not good for everybody even the people that you love, for example your wife, children, etc. You must pay a lot of money to buy cigarettes in each years. Many people around the world is death because of lung cancer. Smoking can kill you slowly. It will be make you bad health and give you many diseases. however not only you but every person around you will be bad health and have many diseases. So people that smoke are very selfish. They are the devils that give bad health and diseases to other people around them. You should spend your time with other activities, for example play football etc. Stop smoking for you and your love.


I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in country. Because the restaurant is a public place that many people goes there. If there is someone or anyone smoking at the restaurant or anywhere else the smoke will harm the people who don't smoke too so that is an interruption to others. Because is not only does smoking hurt the person who is smoking, but recent scientific and medical shows that the dangers associated with second hand smoking For the smoke from cigarette it's too bad for child, pregnant women and everyone. If you sniff to the smoke for many times you might be at risk to get a lung cancer or many diseases. In some country might be ignored for this problem and think that it is a commonly to smoke! I think there should be a strong punishment for anyone who smoking in the restaurant or any public places such as smoking in hospitals, hotel, school and airports. There should be a strongly legal to manage the smokers to realize that "where" or "when" that they can smoke, not everywhere every time like these day. In general, I think the world would be a better place without cigarettes. However, the decision as to whether to smoke or not should be for each individual to make.


Smoking cigarettes is the battle stirs the other when the time has a person comes to smoke cigarettes at a shop request go out smoke outside never get into trouble with a customer a person will crowded a shop everyday and our shop can prove think if delicious food is TRUE as a result it must not fear that will have no a customer. the part in about [story] the law is free from our cigarette supports with full speed ahead and follow strictly. with the though that this law is the good and the thing that a person in the social will should admit because build good health gives with everybody and think the food shop is free from a cigarette. is the thing that build to give a person know the salutation of social rules, with regard to have nurse vocation then want to give the food shop is like place where makes happy person and good health by have the principle of the food shop like Nursing Care as follows. 1. must have the delicious likes [model] to are of good quality. 2. must have both of cooking safety and have the clean in everything and especially a shop is free from a cigarette will help to imagine the words of the clean well very. 3. must fast show to arrive at the attention in serve. Food shop law is free from a cigarette an aunt thinks the law is free from a cigarette is significant because if have no this quality of life law of a Thailand will in the future might bad certainly.


I agree with the speech "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. " Smoking is dangerous for people, because Smoking can make many disease for everyone that breath with smoker For example, lung Cancer. In many restaurant country we can find Smoker living with No smoker who don't' need smell. In addition to Smoking in a restaurants in country widespread. if No legal can restrict Smoker, people will ill form disease many times. Nowadays, we see that Government legislate ban Advertisement of cigarette. And have post many message on the cigarette pack. For example Smoking will make lung cancer, increase chance of dying many times, danger for pregnant, make bad breath, etc. But the rate of smoking surge because Cigarette Company Advertise by passing indirect way. Nevertheless Government will gain tax of selling cigarette Government should intend to cope with people, we can make many way for example help warn Smoker that "Don't Smoking because you wil danger for me" and Government may increase rate of tax for selling cigarette. This method can reduce many Smokers but, can't total banned cigarette. I think Government should launch the law for Banning Smoking in the restaurants, This is the best way!


Nowadays smoking at the restaurant is big problem for people in somewhere such as CKB, Oishi, MK, and KFC. Many people support idea 'No smoking I think' same them because people who Smoking at all the restaurants are look like bad boy. and Smoking at all the restaurants is big problem for children because they dislike smoke and ash that it can move in the body. And Smoke is smelly. Every time I sit near people are smoking the restaurants I will go out at the restaurants but I think he should go out more than me. Smoking at all the restaurants is not true for Thai social so we can band him. Smoking should be completely band at all the restaurants in the country. Many countries such as Thailand, U. S. A Japan that banded people are smoking in the shop market or public place. Some time the manager of restaurant can tell people Who Smoking at the restaurant 'No smoking' in the restaurant but we have a zone for smoking for people who Smoking at all the restaurants beside the restaurant or he should have sicker 'no smoking' on the wall in front of restaurant. When who like Smoking at the restaurant can see the sticker. I sum up I am one of supporter idea 'no smoking' at the restaurant because it is problem for many people in the restaurant.


In my opinion, I agree that smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants in the country. There are many disadvantages of smoking. There are three reasons that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. First, smoking destroys the lung. Second, smoking makes you have bad looking. Finally, smoking affects the bad effect to others. First, smoking destroys the lung. There is a nicotin that is included in the cigarettes. If you smoke everyday, the nicotin can be collected into your body. It can destroy your lung. Moreover, you will be cancer. Second, smoking makes you have bad looking. For example, if you always smoke everyday, you will have bad looking. You will have dark lip. You will have bad smell. Your skin will become yellow skin. There are many effects from smoking that make you have bad looking. Finally, smoking affects the bad effect to others. For example, if you smoke in your home everyday, the bad effects will not affect to only you. The bad effects will affect to your lover person such as your father and mother, your lover, or your son. They can be cancer although they do not smoke. Therefore, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking has a lot of disadvantages to the smoker and others.


I agree with this statement extremely, because smoking can harm other people who can not smoke. The restaurant is a place to have food, be relaxed, and also get fresh air, so a person who needs to smoke should not go there. I think every country has a rule to stop this behavior, but some people who can not stop smoking could not do it. The restaurant should have the rule about PLEASE DO NOT SMOKE HERE in every corner. Although, there are more people against this rule but it is the rule that every people should strongly do it as normal. The restaurant is a public place where people are willing to go there. If a person who need to have a cigarette he/she should go out of that restaurant and smoke at his/her own house. Smoking is the bad behavior that can cause any problem to the person who smoke and not smoke. Please beware that it is not the medicine to cure your problem when you can not think or do more work at the urgent situation. The smoking people should think a lot how smoking can cause the problem to other person beside you. It might cause other people to dead.


Smoking is a big problem in our society. In many places, we will see a lot of people smoking. Although we have warning that smoking is a bad for people' health, it cannot control people stop smoking. And it is quite difficult to be limit people. Restaurants are the places that many people want to go there for relaxing and eating food in a comfortable condition. So the restaurant should be clean and without any pollutions such as noise, smoking. Especially smoking, it should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. If there is someone smoking in there, it is disturbing to other people who are in the same restaurant. For example, I saw one smoking in the food store and I felt bad and do not want to sit in that store. More over, it also makes others' health be bad too. In conclusion, we will see that smoking in the restaurants is not good for anyone. It may destroy happiness of people who want to relax and eat food in the good condition. It also makes health of another and you are worse too. Thus I disagree that allow smoking in all the restaurants in the country


I agree with the topic that the smoking should be banned because I think the smoking is a bad effect to both oneself and others. So all restaurants in the country should ban smoking for costumer's health and all workers that work in the restaurants. There are two reasons that the smoking should completely banned are first, the smoking gives some diseases to others, second, the smoking may lead the poverty to someone who smoked. First, the smoking gives some diseases to others. Most customers would like to get the fresh air when they are eating in the restaurant. If there is someone who is smoking there, how the customers feel. They might not happy and leave the restaurant. Some of them might get a caught because they smell the smoke. And the smoking may give them some diseases such as heart disease, cancer and so on. Someone may have allergies from smoking. They might get sick or their health might be bad. In addition, the smoking could reduce the restaurant's quality and credit because the customer won't come back again and they might tell their friend to not coming to the restaurant. Second, the smoking may lead the poverty to someone who smoked. The cigarette must use money to buy it, if you want more money, what happen.


In many countries, smoking is bad behavior, if who smokes a cigarette then he will be looked badly because smoking can kill a person who smokes it and also it can kill people who stand around smoker. So, there are many groups anti smoking in any places. Currently, smoking will be banned completely at the restaurant in the country for many reasons. For example, if smoking is allowed in the restaurant, it can cause some disease and the image of the restaurant will be bad. So, many groups of people will be fight for their personal and public rights. In my personal opinion, I strongly agree I think that it is true to do that because the restaurant is the place that many people go there for fantastic food, romantic dinner and finally the restaurants can make the customers happy. Sometimes there are babies, children, and pregnant women in restaurants; smoking will be bad for them because it can damage their health. In addition, if the restaurants there are people that smoke cigarette, it will be looked that it is dirty place. It is not attractive placed. Also, if someone is smoking in the restaurants, it can make the air bad then it will destroy the customer's health. So, I reason that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country exactly.


Everybody hope to have a good healthy and have your life for long times. They would like to keep fit and strong your body such as the exercise, eating are vegetables or low sugar of food, some people control the meal of food and drinking pure water, milk and do not eating drinking anchohol or smoking. In the restaurant supporting to "No smoking". And there set the spare area must not smoking. As the same time the smoking killed many people around the world. Because it has cancer. (it's very dangerous of life). Anywhere are anti of the smoking in the School, College, University, Temple, hospital, Bus terminal, Department Store and Toilet etc. Many people to say yes! And banned smoking at all the restaurant and anywhere. They want to have a good healthy and good air. Althought, today's many teen age boy want to smoking and they think is the old man, it's misunderstand for a long time. The workers are smoking, then they are serious from work and they want to relax time, it's good feeling. Finally, I agree with the content, because smoking is not good and bad healthy. We could set the area for a smoking for someone to do it. And balance the area to relax for everybody have good asmosphere more than support them. And then we have a pure air, good healthy and good place for enjoy activities with your family.


Agree because smoking is not healthy. Having control of smoking in restaurants is good. Because the restaurant is a place where ventilation may be poor Cigarette smoke dust. To provide the food and people in such places inhale tobacco smoke into the body thoroughly. If a person is pregnant breathing cigarette smoke into the body in the womb could cause children&#39;s development that may be delayed by ?? disabled. Examples of the penalty smoke. Affect children made children sick with bronchitis asthma, pneumonia outer ear inflammation increased. Affect the pregnancy weight, gestational more likely than normal and abortion. Miscarry Bleeding during labor. And postpartum women as much as two non pregnant smokers. Now have a legal person. And punish those who allow smoking in restaurants, smoking in restaurants decreased. For those who can not quit smoking should not have people smoking in a very To smoke in the presence of symptoms convenient transfer. Or restaurant should be organized as a place to share. Provide location, especially for customers who want to dine at smoke to smoking in the appropriate To not affect other customers of the food in the restaurant. However, should the campaign to quit smoking, because smoking affects health ?? degraded by the body. Result in shorter life expectancy with


In Thailand, there are many smokers who are still smoke in the restaurants. Smoking in the public may kill not only smokers but also people sitting next to the smokers. Nowadays, the majority of Thai people would like to have dinner at the restaurants but the smokers are allowed to smoke in the restaurants. The most people would like to eat food without smoking because it is very bad smell for the most people who have not smoke. In addition to baby, they do not like smoking smell because it will cause their health. They will die soon unlike adults who have immunity more than children. Due to smoking problem, I want to tell the governments who establish policy of smoking but it could not work. This is especially for Thai governments trying to warn smokers that they should not smoke in public area. I think, Thai governments should concentrate on the policy of smoking right now. Moreover, there are non smokers who are caused by smoking in the public area. If the Thai governments do not care about this smoking problem, Thai people will get lung cancer. On the other hand, people having dinner in the restaurant should not smoke right now because it will make many non smokers to die.


In some countries, people are no longer allowed to smoke in many public places and office buildings. While some countries are having a discussion smoking should also be banned in restaurants or not. In my opinion, if smoking is not allowed in the restaurant then it is quite good rule. There are some reasons to express what will support my ideas. They are as follows: smoking is not good for health. If a person who has the habit of smoking then he or she can have breathing, lungs and heart problems. The smoke of cigarette is also very harmful for health. If people smoke in public places then it is not only injurious for the smoker but also for others who do not smoke. For a healthy life, smoking is not good. The smoke of cigarette has toxic metals like Cadmium. If human body contains excess of cadmium then it creates many health problems like bone and heart diseases. But smoking in the restaurant will cause both the smokers and surrounding people facing with those problems more than public places. Because most restaurants have more narrow areas and less air flows than public places. The people in the restaurant will be able to get more toxic metals than the people who are outside the building. The restaurants have no fresh air inside the premises and there are many who do not smoke, but they are forced to inhale the smoke let out by smokers, so nonsmokers can suffer from nausea due to lack of fresh air. As the result, for the safety of humans it is necessary to ban smoking in the restaurant as well as in public places and office building.


smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country because it is the serious problems facing the restaurants in my country. In the restaurants have many people such as customer, waiter/waitress, manager, chef. If someone who smoking in the restaurants can made air pollution which bad result for healthy, bad figure of restaurants, bad smell of foods or contaminated food. When you do so much as just breath you're harming everyone around you and you and everyone around you smells. if you or are in a restaurants with a smoker, you are smoking too, you are breathing in their poison even when you don't want to. It Causes Lung Cancer, Heart Disease, Emphysema, and May Complicate "Pregnancy" It can also annoy the hell out of your customers. smoking is bad for you, your health and your appearance. And this is just some things that can happen. So if you want to be on oxygen or have tracheal tube for the rest of your life then that is your choice but for the people that want to stop smoking do something before it s to late. Stop Smoking for your life and other people around you.


In my opinion of course i agree with topic b, because I think that you shouldn't smoking in restaurants or public place, although there no have a no smoking signs or no matter. we do not smoke. It is not taboo or request, but in Thailand have a law about smoking in restaurants or public place that smokers will be fined 2, 000 baht and restaurant owners place may be fined up to 20, 000 Baht. When people who smoked up. restaurant owners or managers and employees must to remind them to know that please don't, otherwise the restaurant owners would be wrong as well. People who smoke should have the awareness that smoking is not good for health. It makes your body looks no handsome and no beautiful your teeth will be have a yellow or a black color and your eyes will be looks like a panda I think it so ugly. and also allows people who live near you lose health, and sometimes they may hate you, finally you will no friends in the future. Smoking can make your sex is very bad especially in a man. I think if smokers want to smoke they can chew a chewing gum and drink lemon juice maybe it can stop your needs nicotine.


Smoking is dengerous for healthy it make lung cancer although we do not smoking but smoke dengerous for your life too and it make dirty teeth and make every body hate you not only make you bad healthy but also make you pay a lot of money to buy cigarette and your family will leave to you so I think we should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country not only at all the restaurants but also ban smoking every place where's have many people especially children such as the park the mall the zoo the school the university the bus stop the hospital the temple the airport and we should ban and prevent our family to smoking so people who smoking should relized to people around them and you should smoking far away from risk place or they should stop smoking for yourself for your family and for every body around you if you want to stop smoking you can chewing gum or canby and you should exercise such as play tennis go swimming play badminton go shopping etc replace smoking because when you can stop smoking you will have good health and long life to make useful for other people.


I think I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it is very danger in a lot of case. Smoker will think that they are only person who receive the effects of smoking, but they are wrong. They can hurting themselves and other people by smoking. People who stay around them such as their family, their friends, and people who they don't know would receive the effects like them too. Because there are smokers and non smokers in every places that some people have to breathe the smoke from smokers. These case is well known as Secondhand Smoke. This is a very serious problem that happen in every countries all around the world. Smoking is not good for everybody's health because of many reasons. For example, it smoke can damage important genes that control about the growth which a direct causes cancer. Moreover, it can also cause lung diseases, kills brain cells, and it also have the effects about beauty such as woman's skin. Pollution is a most important reason too. Smoking is a cause and form of pollution because there is a lot of toxic gases from smoking that can damage the environment such as carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide. Because of these reason, smoking will have the effects to everybody. If it have smoking in the restaurant, it will make the restaurant bad. It must have bad smell from smoking that cause the bad atmosphere in the restaurant. No one wants to sit down and see smoke floating around their food and all the other people in the restaurant. Many people will not eat in a restaurant where they allow smoking. The restaurant will lose of customers, and it also lose of credits.


Many people, nowadays, like eating out. They often have dinner at a restaurant; therefore, there are lots of people in that place. When lots of people are there, there might be someone smoking in such a place. Hence, smoking in the crowded place should be banned. Food courts, restaurants, or cafe is the place where people usually meet and I think it is a kind of public places. So, smoker should not smoke in those places, because there are lot of people and it will harm the others. Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country is the good policy to stop smoking and preventing people health. There are two kinds of people which are smoking and non smoking. Preventing people who do not smoke cigarettes from lung disease is the best way to keep their health well. To ban smoking in all restaurants not only decrease people who addict to cigarettes, but also reduce the number of death by the lung disease and lung cancer. I think this policy should be used every areas, especially, the big cities and the very crowded places. But the best way to stop smoking is to stop addict cigarettes. Let's start form yourself and you will have good health and mind.


Everyone know that smoking are bad for health. The restaurant is the place that everyone have eat something benefit. The smoke should not have in that place. And same another place that have many people live, it should not have smoke. I believe that in around the world has serious about smoke from smoking. In restaurant should not have smoking because of that place has many people such as children, teenager and older. All people that have non smoking they are should not got the smoke from people who are smoking. The boss of each restaurant should show the notice to them for example "no smoking in this restaurant". When the guest come and look at the notice, they will know and can not do that thing. It is a good thing for every restaurant should do that. If all restaurant in the country do that thing, so it is seems fresh and livable restaurant immediately. It is time for the government should begin to give important about this case now. And use the clear rules of this case for people who do that. For in the future, when people go to restaurant they have feel so happy and safety. I believe that.


Smoking is bad, because it was not just the smoke damage only. But it also affects the people around him too. Especially smoking in public places such as restaurant. Smoking has many penalties. And significant damage to the internal organs such as lung, heart, stomach, and many other. Various diseases caused by smoking such as lung cancer caused by toxic substances in cigarette smoke is a "tart", cardiovascular disease caused by nicotine in cigarette smoke. A toxic substance. And harm the cardiovascular system, nervous stomach, intestines and malfunction. The blood pressure increase. Heart beats faster. Irritant to the heart muscle. Common and severe coronary artery contraction. Rate of ischemic heart disease in men who smoke are higher than in male non smoking. Chronic bronchitis. Aneurysms and airbags. This disease is more common in men more than women. And most important cause of disease is that smoking patients will have cough with phlegm, chronic tiredness and when the doctors had no way to keep clears. When is what to do no more wai. Even if I shower or comb tired. Waiting to inhale oxygen, the torture death of the last stage. If quitting smoking may improve symptoms but not cure. Whether we do anything. Especially in public. Because if we do what other people do not like. We may be condemned also. So that people breathe smoke. Or smoke inhalation. May cause irritation to eyes and cause bronchial and tears, but now I find that those who inhale tobacco smoke into As harmful as smoking itself.


From many campaigns of the government to decrease smoking, it is clear that smoking is not accepted by the majority because there is no one could step out and persuade everyone to smoke. In my opinion, I strongly agree that smoking should be banned especially in restaurants. Personally, I can say that I am one person who does hate smoking because it could drive me mad and annoyed every single time I smell it. Imagine the restaurant's atmosphere, there should be quiet, neat, smell good, and beautiful, but these senses will be kicked away if the smell of smoking comes. So, I cannot see any point of allowance to smoke in restaurants. People come to restaurants in order to eat, listen to beautiful music, and have a good time with family, friends, or lover, not to smell the smoking. In my opinion, those restaurant who allow smoking would discredit themselves because people would consider that restaurant dirty and low quality. Nevertheless, smoking would not only destroy your health, but either other people around you. Moreover, smoking would make your image negative especially women, because social often hope that women should be modest. So, smoking should be banned at all in restaurants because it could not bring anyone's happiness.


I agree with this sentence because in the restaurants we are meeting and have meals with our family or our friends so smoking is can disturb other people and can annoy us to have a good time with people. And smoking is not good for health. If you want to smoke in the restaurants you should go to the area that they allow you to smoke only and if you are smoking in the restaurant you will break the law. We should banned smoking in all restaurant completely for people who are the patience, babies, women and old people. Their come in the restaurant for eat not for smell and receive the bad smell like smoke. They should make the strong law for protect the right of people who do not smoking and support the way to stop smoking in the restaurants. So there are many reasons to limit the smoker and force them smoking in the right area but the importance things they should understand how bad of smoking and may think the way that they can stop smoking. All of this will help them make their health be better and tell the society is they will helped. Moreover they will proud of their doing and can tell to others that they can do it.


Smoking should be completely banned. Because it is not good for your health and other person. It causes of many illness. I think that if you have children you would not smoke. It is very harmful for the person who smoke and people all around. Many people think as same as me that they do not like smoking and they want to the place they go must not have smoking. If you are one of many people who is smoking you should cancel. If you can not you would smoke only in the place you stay alone. It is a way to protect other person not to get bad air. For smoking people you should try to cancel smoking. It has many ways such as exercising, taking gum etc. People who is smoking is unlike of people in the social. Some people don't want to talk with the smoking people. If you succeed to cancel smoking. It is good for your health and many people. If you do not want to be the people that many people unlike you must do not smoking. But if you still want to smoke, you should smoke in public place.


What do you think about Prohibiting smoking in Thailand restaurants? In Thailand, many restaurants have an important rule. One is prohibiting smoking. Because the good restaurants should have good vistas for service customers and save customers' health. In my opinion, I agree with a rule of smoking prohibit in all restaurants in Thailand. I think there are three important reasons to enforce this rule. First, this rule makes all restaurants in Thailand have International standard. If every restaurants use this rule strictly, it makes customers impress in good vistas because there is not have bad smells in restaurants areas. These stimulate the customers' appetite and make customers want to come back again. Second, this rule can save customers' health. Because smoking is a risk habit. In addition, in cigarettes have Nicotine. It can make smoker health goes bad. Furthermore, it affect around people's health. It is a main cause of lung cancer, makes smoker's mouth have bad smell, and grow old quickly. Finally, if the restaurants use this rule, they can be good patterns for children who come to restaurants. In conclusion, there are many disadvantages about smoking in restaurant areas. So, I hope you agree that Thailand should have a rule of prohibiting smoking in restaurants with me.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country, and there three reasons to show that I agree with. First, smoking harms your health because if you smoke, you will be a cancer or other diseases that will make you die more quick than people who do not smoke. Second, if you smoke in the restaurants, it will disturb of harm other people who want to go to have a good meal with their family or their lover and don't smoke. I think you will kill people even though you do not want to kill or destroy them. Third, smoking will destroy the atmosphere in the restaurant; you have to think that if you go to the restaurant what you really want to do "eat" that is the purpose when you go to the restaurant, so if you want to smoke at the restaurant, you should not go because you will destroy the atmosphere of eating at the restaurants where people use for enjoy eating. For the reasons that are smoking destroys your health, harms other people who do not smoke, and makes a bad atmosphere at the restaurants, so you must not smoke at all restaurant anyway.


Some people who smoke may make someone in restaurant or public places not only effect the health of the smokers but also the people around them such as your parent, children, pregnant and senior etc. Wanting to ban smoking in public places isn't about taking away a smoker's rights. You will still have the right to smoke in your own space. The right to slowly and deliberately harm others was never yours to begin with. We should write rules for the person who smoke in the restaurant or all the public place that they should not smoke if you want to smoke you should go back home and smoking. I totally agree that smoking should be banned from restaurant or all public places. It causes harm not only to the individuals who are smoking, but to the people around them too. I think that smoker should stop smoke for yourself and people around you. Furthermore if you stop smoking you will have a good health. You should change yourself to exercise all do other activities such as play sports indoor or outdoor, eating fresh food and vegetable, chewing the gum replace smoking. If you stop smoking it make you save money and save your long life.


Smoking is a behavior that is found in every society since the middle as adolescents and young adults to elderly Smoking behavior of the majority of teenagers begin. Since the age curious try and age a self from imitating others, especially among friends, which led to the behavior of drug smoking is a habit and continued to adults and the elderly. was. Smoking affects the health damage of smoking themselves and people around you. Although government and private agencies will work together to campaign for non smokers, emphasizing that the danger of smoking cause diseases such as aneurysms airbags lung cancer and heart disease, heart attack Clogged artery disease, etc. But the number of smokers in Thai society is still high. In addition, smoking will result in bad health, many already. Also bring other types of drugs together with the resulting children are at risk of health problems increase. Smoking is the cause of many diseases, the risk of the occurrence. Heart disease is two times higher risk of disease airbags aneurysms up to 6 times and the risk of lung cancer is 10 times higher for smokers who smoke the shorter average age 5 8. of smokers who start smoking and do not stop teens from smoking is 50 percent fatal disease caused by smoking. And half of these will die in middle age before age 70 years


If talking about smoking may be a specific person only to do it. I think only a few smoking some people may be women but the majority will be men over. In smoking and smoking are not considered dangerous to yourself and the people around you. Smoking is one of the drugs contain nicotine, a substance harmful to health. People who smoke would regardless of their location, sometimes even smoking signs, but they are still a violation, such as smoking in restaurants. Some people may think it is normal for the average person, but he in fact, smoking is the restaurant. Those in the restaurant, whether a woman. Men and children get to check smoke smell very different to cause disease but he will know that it hurt the people around him indirectly though they do not even smoke a little matter so therefore I think. We should work together campaigning for tobacco in restaurants and public places. Describes the harm that drug abuse is in cigarettes that cause disease properties and how. But I want the best for the university in collaboration with the government that the restaurant is next to no smoking signs and punishment to those who fail to comply.


The cigarette is a drug that is dangerous for everyone both users and people around them. There many diseases that smoking is the main cause of them. Nowadays, there are many organizations which try to stop smoking such as the pictures that paste on products, the television's program that promote about the dangerous of smoking, the signs that you can meet in public places, etc. You can see that signs in many places such as parks, department stores, gas stations and restaurants. The restaurants are a place that people always smoke. It should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the city. The restaurant is the place where many people both adults and children come to. It is a place for family. It should be a safety place. Some restaurants may have non smoking room but most ones do not have. You may think that follow me when you have meals; you want to have good location and view. If someone smokes, its smell can make you unhappy. Furthermore, you will be unhealthy too. It is an important problem that someone has to improve. The government must use the legal to stop smoking especially, smoking in restaurants and use it completely. It is everyone's responsibility which should do to stop smoking. We have to co operate to solve this problem. Smoking will be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


According to my personal opinion, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many reasons to support this topic such as health consequence and economic reason. As we know that smoking is bad for our health. It can cause lung cancer and other dangerous diseases. Smoking also affects our body badly. People will get an older face early more than others who do not smoke. Smoking not only cause negative outcome for person who do it but also affect other people. From many studies, it suggests that people who stay in smoking area receive the same consequence as the smoker. If you smoke, people around you can get a cancer surely. It is not fair for non smoker because of this condition. In a restaurant area, there are many people in this place both smoker and non smoker. The law that ban smokings in the public place include a restaurant is good for everyone. For economic reason, it is unnecessary to waste your money with buying a cigarette. Even though, the government receives tax from this business but we should keep money to support other things in our life. To prevent people from bad health and waste their money with buying a cigarette we should completely ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. But I think it is better if smoking be completely banned at all places in country. Country that no one smoking is very good for healthy people in country. I think, it good for health if they can stop smoking. Smoking is bad for health. It is very bad smell for everybody. If you try, you can stop smoking by yourself. You must have a good healthy if you can stop smoking. You can kill yourself and other people that you smoking. Smoking causes cancer and other diseases with people who smoke and other people that nearby. If you smoke in restaurants or other places you are very selfish and very offensive. Now, in many country have many teenagers are smoking because they want to try new thing imitate their friends. Family is important to help teenagers to stop smoking. Father and mother that have son, who smoking must be good example, teaching bad results and use free time to benefits. Example; exercise, play music etc. If can make teenagers to stop smoking that meaning in country have less smoking people. In that country is livable and many people in country must have well healthy.


The cigarette is one kind drug. It have a smoke of toxin. Smoking can make no good health and bad character. Then if we are smoking everyday, it can be cancer then a long time if we are not smoking, we can died. So I agree is smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because In the restaurants have people so much, such as have a youngers, a womens, a adults and etc. and in the restaurants is the public where and relaxing where then in the restaurant is family go to dine. If some have a smoker cannot stop smoking, some have a people became cancer and not good health because they are breathe smoke in them body. The smoking ban in restaurants will help restaurant customers more as well because it will make people believe that the ride will not smoke to interfere and prohibit smoking Breeze restaurant considered the ethics of society. People should have time to sit eating. Nowadays if some have who smoking in the restaurants or a public where is false law and Penalty. So if Smoker love family and want to be good health not sickness, Smoker should be stop the smoking and exercise, eat vegetable everyday.


I really agree with this topic. All restaurants could ban that bad behavior from the people who smoke in the area of the restaurant. The laws for ban smoker should be more strong to control them. There are many solutions we can do such as make a free space for them to smoke outside the restaurant where can avoid the bad pollution from smoking come in to a restaurant and it can help children from seeing all bad doings from adults. The government should be the first hand to solve this problem by ads on television or radio. They must coordinate with all organizations who try to protest this behavior. Using campaign to convince them from smoking in the restaurants, make the laws available in all areas and give them a harder punishment or stronger fine. Show them for negative of smoking to themselves and their family and may be more useful if they had a family already because they would care to their wife and their baby more than themselves. Policemen could manage this problem clearly and make it available in all area that there are people smoke in the restaurant. They could be fine or punish them by laws and everyone should help together to solve the problem by our hands.


Smoking should be banned in all the smoking, because hazardous to their health and those around him. Smoking a substance that causes many diseases such as lung cancer, pulmonary aneurysms air bag, black and immune destruction. Will, The body before reaching the age of decadence which is why we should be to avoid smoking and stay close to people who smoke. At the same time Should help people quit smoking and avoidance of smoking by the user is advised to find other activities to do. To be immune to the waste returned to work as a hobby. Exercise And finding one's own anything like that myself. The deterioration of the body before reaching the age we should be reason to avoid smoking and stay close to people smoking. At the same time Should help people quit smoking and avoidance of smoking to be recommended by that person for doing other activities. In order to create immunity for the lost returns, such as hobbies and work. Exercise And finding one's own anything like that myself. When fewer people smoke less. Hazards and pollution caused by smoking will decrease with. If quit smoking. Health of people who smoke and those around it better. Along as well.


Now, the amount of a person who smokes cigarettes to have increase. Why do they smoke cigarette. Although, they are know a cigarette is bad with the health. Many person who smoke cigarttes think smoking makes them feels to relax. It is that sense of satisfaction you get from a cigarette. There are many the reason that make you smoke a cigarette more and more. First, smoking help they think. For example, while they work hard and thinking. When they cannot think, they will like to smoke a cigarette because it help you shut out distractions. Second, cigarette help they to relax. Such as smoking help they relax because to stop work for a few minutes sit in a chair and then smoke a cigarette and think of nothing. They smoke cigarette to relax when they go to the party. Third, when they have a problem, smoking make they relief. For instance, when they are anger, we breathe heavily. Smoking makes they breath more steadily, so they breath calms down. But you want to relief you should breath in for a deep of air than smoke a cigarette. In conclusion, smoking is as much a psychological pleasure as it is a physiological satisfaction.


I extremely agree with the topic, don't you want to lost your nice feeling while sitting in the restaurants just cause by the smoker? Surely, most people in this planet think about themselves more than the others. So that is the cause to have nowadays crime. In the restaurants, there are many signs about "Don't Smoking"; you can see them in all of the poles and in the walls there. Banning about smoking in the restaurants must be having an extremely taboo for in first time, I think. How we can do it? At first, Have enough security guards, then show the sign note "Don't Smoking" and follow with "Fine (the most expensive pride) on one cigarette" Do that together with when someone or some people against that sign, Call the security guards to manage on them. If every restaurant can do that, nice feeling that leads someone going to go to restaurant where is the place for meeting with old friends, for dinner in the great time with the family, for celebrating with the victory, for dating with beautiful girl and nice boy, and especially for relaxing yourself with the great meal for charting energy in your body to doing your job excellently.


Well if you do then you will regret it later because not only will you possibly die but along with that you won t be very pretty. Now today a lot of girls and boys in their teens smoke now you may think so what but 5, 000 are under 18 and that means they could be 12 or going to the extreme 9. Now you don t have to have a cigarette in your hand to be smoking, if your parents smoke you get second hand smoke which is technically the same thing because you are still inhaling smoke actually even more. So now that you know a little of how smoking then here is a lot more. What I meant by if you start smoking then you won t be very pretty is not if you smoke for one day it s if you smoke for 10 to 36 years. Do you think that Julie Andrews got her wrinkles for smoking? NO SHE DIDN'T! Her wrinkles came from age and wrinkles from smoking are a big difference. Because wrinkles from age are well from age, but wrinkles from smoking are because the tobacco settles in your sink. Think of it this way your thirty and you wrinkles ALL over that would be because you smoke. Or maybe your 65 or 75 then your wrinkles are ok So as you can see smoking is bad for you, your health and your appearance. And this is just some things that can happen. So if you want to be on oxygen or have tracheal tube for the rest of your life then that s your choice but for the people that want to stop smoking do something before it s to late. Smoking kills.


Smoking is doesn't good habit of people. It has many effects to people who are around you and you too. Now, Our country have many people who smoking increase everyday that all the teenagers and adults. I think it is very bad thing in our country and I don't want to have in Thailand. The people who smoke are every place so some place separate where for smoking and where don't smoking and you should to smoke in the correct place because if you smoke in the incorrect place, you will have the people who hate you. The one place that you shouldn't smoke is the restaurant because the restaurant is where the people eat food so you shouldn't smoke at here very much. The restaurants have many smell good and delicious food, the people are eating the food deliciously and suddenly, you are smoking. Everything is so bad. Everybody will looks at you and they will angry with you because your smoking make they lose the atmosphere. I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is doesn't good and the people who smoke should to smoke in the correct place. Shouldn't smoke in the restaurants because the food is good smell and the people are enjoy eating with their food. If you smoke, it will has very bad smell in the restaurants. It destroys the mood and the atmosphere of the people that eat. Everybody will hates you. So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree that it should ban smoking in public areas since smoking is dangerous for health such as cancer, bad smell breath, and easily tired. What is more if you smoke several cigarettes per day, you will be faster died. Smoking not only devastates your healthy but also disturbs others surrounded. It, moreover, is more dangerous for others' health that is near you while smoking than yours. It is importance to save rights for people who is not smoke because they do not smoke but they have to have a lung cancer or other diseases concerning respiration system. I think it is not fair for them so we should find methods to solve this problem. Banning smoking is one way to clear the problem. Now we have rules about prohibited smoking in the public although smokers do not care it. I, for example, have ever seen a man, who is a teacher, smoking in my school despite of prohibited smoking sign in front of him. If he were worker, could not read, I had not had blamed him but he is teacher. I felt very disappointed. From this situation I think government must have absolute punishments for them. Another good way that I see is cabinet provides smoking rooms in the several public place such as airport, hotel, and etc.


If you Smoking in the restaurant it is wrong and if you smoking it you will have cancers. It is terrible and dangerous for you and everybody is near you. To smoking is make a food is not delicious. I think to smoke is very terrible for me. I halt it. I feel bad every time is I live among some people to smoke it because I must smell it. I can not live with some people to smoke it. I will be going out a place now. In my family do not have some people to smoke it. I feel so good. My father same me he is not like some people to smoke it because to smoke bad smells. Why people like to smoke it? It very bad if you smoking it because you have cancers in yourself. I want to have law is not smoking but it difficult is stop it. It is late is will be stop people do not smoking. In present have advertising is not to smoke near people because it attacks some people. So you should be do not to smoke it in a place is have a lot of people e. g. restaurant, garden, bus stop etc.


I agree with that because smoking is not good for health. It not good for yourself and anybody around you even they don't smoking but if they smell it, it cause of a cancer for them or any other decease. Smoking in restaurants it disturb everybody who come to eat it can make they upset with that. How do you feel if you don't smoke but have to smell it. For me, I always have an headache when I smell the cigarette. I really don't like it but I just don't know how to stop people that are smoking. Smoking will destroy your body it makes you like a zombie. Your eyes and your lips will look awful and terrible. You mouth got very bad smell too. Both men and women, if you smoke, you never look good with cigarette. Restaurants should banned smoking all in the country. There should be rules and fine if someone breaks the rules. No smoking in restaurants is make an atmosphere better and everyone will come to eat more. May be the restaurants will allow to smoke outside but people who smoke shouldn't smoke in the publish area they should smoke in private area for make sure that will not avoided the other people.


Youth of today, the need to try something new. The producers have used up several drugs and increasing more and more. How many sdrugs have, such eat, smell, smoking, and squirt. Smoking is frequently. Value is false in categories adolescents. They thought that smart, cool, show, flourish but they wrong. In fact, it is repulsive. Are many factors that cause is smoking. For example, made be a friend or friends invited, family problem, strain, and other. Smoking is dangerous to people nearby and yourself. Causing many diseases such as cancer the most common. Many people die because of smoking. Troubleshooting such as parent should have time to talk to more children and good advice, Invite your friends to turn to sports, provide knowledge about the danger of smoking to children, the government should be more strictly. I have acquaintarces that he died from smoking. He pump consecutive time. Many times a day pack. When the body is rarely enough to weaken. Have many side effect. He does not plan to stop pain are heavy but late. He died in the end. I think we can stop and walk when we know which way we should be to move forward. Except we do not choost it. Finally, I would like to leave ideas for children. Think before you do anything for family because what happens follows is lost. Smoking is to blame both themselves and those around it. Therefore, attention should be people near you.


I agree with this topic. I think that the restaurant is a place for relaxing or meeting with family, friends, or lover. It is a good time to talk or sharing some ideas. There are a lot of foods, good atmosphere, and many people all of age. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it makes smell bad to another. It will have directly problem to yourself such as you will not have good health; the disease might increase, and can make you lost of money. Everyone all ready know that there is bad side than good side, so smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. Moreover, smoking will make you have bad personality and not good for the children in the society. All adults should give good thing to the children. Stop smoking can make the world have fresh air, you will have good looking; don't make any trouble to the others. It is a good chance to stop smoking because it not has benefit with you but it is more advantage with another in the society too. If you not or stop smoking everyone in the society will live with happiness and get the best life.


Smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country because It is not only have bad effect to smokers but also the people beside them too. I know, smokers know that smoking is not good and lead to Lung's cancer and other disease but they still smoking up and up. When I go to restaurant and smell smoke, I feel bad about smokers that they don't know where is the place can smoke and cannot smoke. Frankly, I want to walk to them and ask them for stop smoking in the restaurant but it is not easy because they may be out understanding and blame me that it is none of my business. Some family go to restaurant for eating and spend happy moment time together but they have lost happy moment time if in the restaurant they go, has a smoker is smoking. In addition, the children that they smell smoke directly by their family smoke, poor them so much. Some restaurants manage this problem by find out a place for smoking especially, I think it is good quite because where the restaurants have a good manage like this, the customer must choose that restaurant surely if they want to happy in eating and talking together.


In my opinion, I think that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in the country but not at all. The smoke from cigarettes has pollution and bad smell to people who are in restaurant. The smoke from cigarettes will disturb people who are eating their breakfast, lunch, or their dinner in restaurant that doesn't have area for smoking. So people who want to smoke could choose the restaurant that has area for smoking. Well, people who smoke should care about children and pregnant women around them because the smoke from smoker's cigarettes has pollution and dioxins that can disturb them. Adults think that smoking or smoke outside the home when children are not children will safe. This idea is not valid because smoke from cigarettes, affixed to hair and clothes of smokers it can make children to be allergy. Furthermore the smokers will be like a panda because they will have black eyes and will have black mouth. They will cough much; it will make them in suffer. They will get lung cancer. If they don't have treatment early, they maybe die. They could think about there life more than they think today. The best way to safe life is don't smoke! It will be better for smokers and people around them.


Everyone knows how bad smoking is. We always see the campaign about anti smoking in many ways for example poster, advertisement, banner etc. especially, "do not smoke sign" in the restaurants. Many people usually smoke in the restaurant maybe they think it's a relax place that they can do something like that. For me, I've ever sat in a restaurant with a smoker. He smoked all time and blew out toxic smoke into the air. It was very smelly. My hair got smelled. I felt very angry but didn't know how to do with him. The smoker should obey "do not smoke sign" which pasted on the wall. It might have an important reason to paste it. Like in the restaurant, where people enjoy their delicious meal and charming atmosphere, how do you feel if you are eating delicious Tom Yam Goong and someone blows out the toxic smoke past your face? Nobody feels happy about that, I think. So, the smokers please obey the sign and do not make other people feel bad with your behavior! I think it's the right way that smoking should be banned not only at all restaurants but also public places like hospital, park, temple etc. because many people get sick by breathing the smoke from cigarette and nobody want someone to destroy the nice atmosphere by smoking around there. Out of this, the cigarettes are the main cause of cancer too. Today is not too late for you to stop smoking. It's not only good for other people but it also good for you!


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think that is a good idea. that decrease problem pollution in the air that might be other person get bad smoke from smell that they smoke the cigarette it has a very dangerous with children and women this smoke can do person that smell it is a good things that all the restaurants was banned smoking completely at the country should not have an area for smoking that the person who smoke can not do it at the restaurants because those restaurants have a lot of person such as children, women, old person that smell a smoke it danger with their life their health may be with country and along time to the future and may be effect with other then who has smoking couldn't smoke the cigar at that restaurant that the law to fix if who has smoke don't believe in rules they will have confessed. That get punishment must be pay money about 2, 000 20, 000 baht. cigar is the thing that useless and have a poison for everyone that around who has smoke the cigar wil get the danger thing into body that will make any disease.


In the past, smoking cigarette was looked as a cool activity. They smoke for help them for thinking or working. Nowadays smoking cigarette is quite bad action. Most people more think about disease or healthy more than before. Smokers are banned by others. When many people think that smoking is bad, they do not like it; smokers should be considerate that what we are doing. Does it harm anybody? It is about right. Anybody have their right, and anybody have to respect other right too. Smoking should be ban in any restaurants in Thailand. It is because that the restaurant is a kind of public place. Many people come to food, the way to live our lives. It is a bad depiction if we are eating and smelling smoke at the same time. Maybe smoke interrupt or damage others' atmosphere. Smoker should put their feet into other shoes. They should avoid smoking at any restaurant. They might smoke cigarette before or after they come to a restaurant. In brief, smoking should be ban in any restaurant in Thailand. Right is the important reason, we should pay respect to other people in our society. However, others people who do not smoke should try to understand smokers too. Quitting smoking maybe is too difficult. It is not necessary to ban any restaurants. We should understand each others.


Does the cigarette give us some vitamin or protein like food? If I ask this question in the restaurant that I saw somebody is smoking, I might get some kick from that person. I agree that the smoking should be banned from the restaurant. Today, there are many smoky people such as pup, bar, restaurant even the daily life. We could not stop them to smoke at the public place. For example, sometimes, when we go to the restaurant to have a good meal or wonderful dinner with your special occasion. The waiter ask you that do you want smoking or none smoking area. I am the one who use to meet the situation like this. I tell that I would like no smoking area but I found the fact that the both of areas are very near to each other. So why do I have to choose because I still smell of cigarettes. I feel so bad with the atmosphere. They should separate the area of no smoking area and smoking area very far from each other. So, people who choose no smoking will not smell of any cigarettes anymore. In the restaurant, I think it should ban smoking because it is very public. So we do not have to separate the area of smoking but I think it should be abolished. If there are people who would like to smoke so we should prepare a place outside the restaurant for them.


I agree with the topic 'Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country' because smoking is not good for your health such as some chemical elements when you inspire can lead to lung cancer, pneumonia, emphysema not only make impact to your own but other people around you will have the effect too especially in kids because their lungs are easy to have an irritate and the smoke will make their brain retard. However, this issue may have been banned because some restaurant will have less costomer and slow down the economics in the country, inhibit the expansion to the industry of cigarette. We have many obstruct from this problem such as due to cigarette is a kind of addicted things so it's hard to get rid of them, the retardation of economics etc. Moreover, the problem of cigarette can lead to social problem because if you addict something, you will try every method to get them so the results are earning money from wrong way by robbing, smuggling offending the rules items, charge over the price and break the family because the member don't do their duties so it can lead to other problems later. Finally I think everyone should pay attention in this problem and solve this problem in early stage.


In Thai society, many people smoke at any areas. In some countries, there are some restaurants that they do not allow people to smoke because it is illegal. People are happy when they can smoke because it is their right to do like that. There are three reasons why smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, Secondhand smoke contains hundreds of toxic chemicals including arsenic ammonia, hydrogen cyanide, formaldehyde, benzene, and vinyl chloride. It is known to cause cancer, coronary heart disease, and respiratory problems. There is no risk free level of exposure to secondhand smoke. Second, I don't agree with smoking that completely banned because I think it is people's right to smoke in the public areas like restaurant. In some countries, governments ban this action because they think that it is impolite and harm others. Therefore, I don't want them to ban this behavior because it might violate against the UN Human right declaration. Third, wanting to ban smoking in public places isn't about taking away a smoker's rights. You will still have the right to smoke in your own space. The right to slowly and deliberately harm others was never yours to begin with.


I do agree this topic because cigarettes can cause cancer such as lung cancer, mouth cancer etc. Smoking cigarettes also effect people surround the smoker. They will breathe it. The worse thing is why the second  hand smoker could have cancer too. In spite they never touch it. The people who often be around the smoker will get cancer without realizing it. So Is this fair? Especially in restaurants, there are many kind of age in restaurants, man, woman, boy, girl, pregnant and the elderly. So only one smoker can make ten people around there get cancer. The obvious effect, the smoker will disturb people in the restaurant for example it's difficult to breathe and eat or the smoke may be make you throw up not only eat food but also eat cancer too. If this policy work, people in the country will be more healthy you will eat without smoke, cancer will get away from you but this policy will not work if restaurant's owner don't help. It depend on everybody include the smoker. The government should release law of smoking. Strict law is also important too. Or the government may found the suitable place for the smoker. And I hope it will possible in the future.


Everyone does know that smoking is more dangerous in receiver than who is smoking. Also in the restaurant, have you ever had a dinner and see a person smoking? It is so unhappy to eat, right? Many people want to smoke when they just finish eating, so there is so much smoke in the restaurant. I think smoking shouldn't be completely banned. Otherwise, almost people who like smoking would have another drug to take. I think it should have another room for people who want to eat and smoke in the same time. Then, it can divide the people into three groups, who don't want to receive smoke, who can receive smoke, and who smoke. The another way is to have some tubes nearby a table for releasing pollution when they want to smoke. I think many people adducted in cigar or others should think that they are making a pollution that can kill other people even if kill their parents or their lover. Smoking is a danger that injures people both physical side and mental side. So, smoker should think to another person that doesn't want to receive smoke too. The better way is smoking when you are alone I think.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? In my opinion I think it should be that because smoking leads to many health problems such as lung cancer and many problems about lung. The disease occurs because in the cigarette has a Tar, Nicotine which is a "Cacinogen" (substance that leads to cancer). However, I will not talk about the person who usually smokes because they also surely know that what will happen with their health in the future when they decide to smoke. On the other way I will talk about the person who does not smoke but is affected by smoking because of smoking in public such as restaurants, subway station, bus stop, taxi stand or something like that. I think the government should aware about this problem because people who do not smoke are affected although they do not smoke but they just stand in wrong place and wrong time. So the national rate of people who die with lung cancer or lung disease is increasing in nowadays. To solve this problem I think the government should write the law of smoking and strict with it. In order to decrease the national rate of people who die with lung cancer or lung disease.


"Once you start, it's hard to stop. " This sentence is the truth which we can't argue because smoking is the hard habit to break. It is the big problem of the world which we should to help for solve because there are many people who is the effect of it. I believe everyone know smoking is the cause of many health's problem, but why they can't stop. It is a question which we should to find the answer and solve it. Smoker start to smoke with many different reason. Someone, their family member or their friends smoke. Especially teenage, they imitate habit from their friend. They think it is the trend. From the statistics, smoker start to smoke in teenage and about 450 children per day start smoking. Although the number of adults decrease in the past ten years but the number of teen has increased especially, among young woman. There are many people die every year from smoke cigarettes. Smoking is the cause of cancer, heart disease, chronic lung disease, variety illness and bad for people around smoker. Moreover, smoking isn't only bad effect to physical but it is also the bad effect to social because smoking is the cause of the air pollution and increased the risk of fire in the home. Although, it's hard to stop smoke but if smoker can stop it, their health will get better and get many benefits such as breath, clothes, and hair will smell better. The teeth become whiter. Your life and your work will improve better. The most important you can save money more. So, we should to realize this problem and help to encourage smoker for they can stop it.


I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it is not good for health. There are a lot of dangerous thing in a cigarette that can be affected to health. Most of the restaurants in the country have air conditionings, so if someone has smoking, the smog will spread all area of the restaurant and it will make annoy to the people who do not smoke. As we can see the affect of smoking or smog from the cigarettes on the television advertising, it shows us that most people will get cancer after they take more smoke. Another reason is restaurant is a place for take a rest after we got tired with our work, so giving a fresh air and enjoy with food, making a good relationship with family members or our friends are the best things. As we know that there are some area for smoking, but it is not appropriate because the smell of cigarettes also spread in the restaurant. The smoker should try to stop smoking when they go to the restaurant or other public places because it wastes their time to do the best things that they want. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


When you go to restaurant you would like to eat and enjoy talking with your family or friend in the clean place. I think so; Restaurant is the place that everybody even children and infancy will go to there it should be clean and fresh for everybody. And smoking has many effects such as, effect for your health it causes many diseases such as cough, lung cancer etc. it make you feel torment and died early. Effect for social; you will be prohibited, for example smoking isn't allowed to go somewhere such as temple, shopping mall, public transportation, zoo, cinema, library and restaurant. Effect for economy; government must use tax more and more for treatment smoker it must reduce use tax for education, transportation, army etc. and we will lose labor that are died or crippled. Effect for environment; fume from smoking is causes global warming that have impact on rising of sea level, melting of glacier, extinction of animal, lack of agriculture and causes a lot of epidemic. I think smoking have many weak points So that I am extremely agree that smoking should be banned in all restaurant in country. And I hope to reduce smoker all country in the world it not for everybody but for you and for the person who love.


I agree with this statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many reasons why smoking in the restaurants should be banned such as it annoy other people, it is impolite, it is dangerous for people who sit nearly the person who smoking and it is illegal too. It can annoy other people because of its fog and smell which makes other people is not satisfied, it can annoy people who are eating in the restaurant. Smoking is impolite too because the restaurants do not the place to smoking, if they want to smoke they should go to the smoking place or other place that does not have people. If someone still smokes the cigarette at the public area it can show their personalities which it is impolite. Smoking is dangerous for nearly seat people because in cigarette has Nicotine and Tar which make lung cancer decease for people who smell cigarette's fog. Therefore, smoking in the restaurants in the city should be banned because it is bad for people health who can smell its fog. Moreover, smoking is illegal, there is the law to control people to do following that people should not smoke in public area, if someone breaks the law they will spend fee commission.


Disagree as to how Also has manufacturing facilities in various smells of cigarettes cost. Whether domestic Or even abroad. In the same way. There are also people who are smoking. Although the plant does not ban the manufacture cigarettes. But also those who want to smoke again. Or just want to convert from smoking. Addictive drugs to others such as cannabis, opium is punishable Bala Ku six times more than cigarettes to cause harm to another, so we should be places for smokers. Smoking in a set Help reduce smoking campaigns and awareness to young generations. Help avoid an ad muzzy Or doing the things wrong. What we see is just a small single cigarettes. The result may cause these forward has several large, such as burglary, murder etc. However, when we can not be forced not to sell. Not to smoke is not. Should be organized for the place or location of the cylinder to avoid the problem of smoking and those around him. Otherwise may cause annoyance or cause harm to others. To reduce the margin mentioned. We should start a self and family first. When our family no smoking neighboring countries and world society will have no problem smoking.


I agree with a statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are many people who smoking in our world. Smokers seldom care about what they do. Toxic in cigarettes is very dangerous for our health. Nicotine in the cigarettes harms our lung, especially people who do not smoke, but live near the smokers, so in the restaurants that have a lot of people should banned smoking. Although there is a law that forbids smoking in the restaurants, some smokers do not care about this, so the government should strictly control this law. If the government pays less attention, the smokers may smoke in the restaurants openly as in the past. The health of our citizens becomes worse. The people who go to the restaurants will become ill. Nobody wants to go to the restaurants. It may cause our economy. Many little children go to the restaurants with their parents, so if the restaurants do not ban smoking, it will affect our own children too. As we can see, the children cannot protect themselves as adults can. Moreover, the children may imitate a bad behavior of smokers, or they may think smoking is good. We cannot force everybody to stop smoking at all. It is hard to forbid them, but we hope the smokers will give up to harming other people.


I think there should be completely banned on smoking the restaurants in the county. First of all if you are smoking at the restaurants it was a bad act because in the restaurants have many people with them family or people they love stay inside if you are smoking at or in the restaurants you will hurt them indirectly. After that if you go to the restaurants which you are family or people you are love and you are smoking and eating together you are kill them indirectly. Thirdly if you don't care. Don't wary to you are family you are people you are love. You should be love yourself because if you are smoking your health can be bad for example your mouth, your gums, your teeth, your lung and your liver. You are hurt it by yourself. Another reason many people are eating, drink and your fumigate together. It is very danger to many people that at all the restaurants. Finally if you smoking the money will be lost with the smoking try to change from safe your money or buy some candy for yourself place to buy cigarettes. As you can see, if your smoking it Impact to you are family or people you are love and your health. should stop it now.


I strongly agree with this statement. Smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in the country. I have reasons to support why it should be banned. Firstly, smoking is not good for smoker's health. Moreover, it is not either good for people who are around smoker. Smoking can cause cancer such as lung cancer, many diseases and it will make you look older than it should be. There are many people in restaurant, and they can smell smoke from smoker. Second, smoke is smelly. Its smell could trouble another people who do not smoke. When they are eating food, they should be eating happily, but when they smell smoking, it could make them cannot eat anymore. Therefore, it is not good to smoke in restaurant. It is dangerous for smoker's health and another people who around smoker. It is cause of cancer. Smoking can disturb another people who are eating food and make them do not want to eat any food. Therefore, if you want to smoke you should smoke in another place not in restaurant. The restaurant is not the place for smoking. It is a place for eating and enjoys meal. Therefore, it is better if smoking in restaurant is completely banned.


Smoking in restaurant is so bad behavior because it is a place that many people join in this place. So, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country for three reasons. The first reason is that it disturb the happy time for families. Many families go to restaurants for new and clean atmosphere but someone is smoking, their happy time can stop. The second reason is that it is bad for health. We know that smoking is bad for health both who smoke and don't smoke especially children and older. Because in restaurants have every age. The third reason is that it is dangerous if cigarette still have fire. In restaurants have a lot of woods that is the good material to build fire. So that it can destroy the restaurant and much life. Finnally, many people hope a restaurant is the place that can give them happy time because restaurant's owner provide many facilities for their customers. Then costomer trust in service. If some people smoke in a restaurant, for sure that it can destroy a good atmosphere in a restaurant. Moreover, it is not only destroy a good atmosphere and harm customers' health, but also the accident by cigarette can happen all the time. So, smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country.


I think banned people who smoke in the restaurants, it is the most important thing to do in any country. Because the restaurant as the place that people want to eat food and they want the restaurant is clean: food and inside restaurant, included they want to relax from their work every day in a week or from their activity in daily life. If smell of cigarette or smoke of cigarette disturb your eating. What did you feel? Smell of cigarette destroy the atmosphere in the eating, feel bad with people who smoke in the restaurant. The best way to banned people who smoke in restaurant is stick the label of fine their money under the law in each other country or banned who want to smoke not come in the restaurant. If who want to smoke should be find the places that do not disturb other people. However non smoking since the first is the best because cigarette is no benefit and useful at all, it gives you bad health, hurt your body and mind including who close up with you. I agree with banning people smoking in the restaurant because there are several places that you can smoke without the restaurant. May be as the places without crowded of people or nobody in that area. For example in your secret zone etc.


I agreed because smoking is extremely bad for a smoker but you know about bad substance in cigarette, you still smoking!!!!! WHY???? The restaurant is public place where a. lot of people will go for eating, meeting or talking with friend. So, shouldn't smoking at that. Even as you will smoke outside restaurant but its bad for people who walking at the same time because a. smoke float in the air and nearby area where you smoking. The government must release a strict law of smoking. Shouldn't only restaurant but should everywhere are public places even a. street. A. smoker will have many problems from smoking such as bad lunge, dirty smell in his body, mouse. The present don't only men smoke but women smoke together. In case of women who smoking, she is old before a real age. Some women give opinion that smoking will to be thin because when you smoking you feel don't want to eat anything. It is a. reason that women smoking. In fact, its does not help you are thin but your healthy are very badly. East world, some famous superstars are bad example for child especially star women who smoking. But they stop smoking when they pregnant because the smoking have so bad result of baby in stomach such as unremembered, bad healthy, many sickness, fragile body etc. Today, start yourself abandon smoke cigarette for yourself (healthy and anymore) and many people near you whom will receive dangerous from cigarette.


Smoking is the main cause of death. Research into the effect of smoking cigarettes report that one in two lifetime smokers will die from their habit. Half of these deaths will occur in middle age but it can prevent by stop smoking. Smoking is a risk factor for emphysema, heart attack and cancer such as cancer of the mouth, larynx, lung and pancreas. In pregnant woman, smoking increases the risk of abortion and low birth weight. Any worsening of smoking would further increase aging because of more wrinkles on the face. So there are many disadvantages of smoking that have a severe effect on human. Smoking has effects on all smokers; furthermore, it has effects on non smokers who are near smokers too. Smoking on public land such as the restaurant will effect on many people. It is evident that smoking causes air pollution. Many chemicals are present in cigarettes, which are breathed out and then released in the air. And also have effect on people who breathes in. Recently, many countries are in a list of smoking bans for example, Finland, Indonesia and Switzerland that have banned smoking in enclosed public areas. So it is a great thing if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants.


Smoking cigarette is a normal thing for our daily life now. Many people love to smoke and also lot of people don't like to smoke. The important thing is where do you smoke? In my opinion, I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The easy reason is, it disturbs to the others who is having meal. Smokers should have a smoking manner. Even though, it's legal to smoke in the restaurant. First of all, if they don't think about the others but they should think about their health. Smoking causes a lot of problem. If you smoke everyday, make sure that you will have a cancer in the future. Smoking in the restaurant is really rude and fool behavior. If smokers have a moral, our society must be really great. However, for the one who can't stop smoking, just think a little bit about the other. If you are in the restaurant and you really want to smoke, just walk outside of the restaurant, then take your time. It's good for you that you can smoke it and it's good for the others that it doesn't disturb anyone. Finally, I still confirm that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant. It must be good if all of smokers consider about that.


I think that if smoking is not good. It makes nearby people not good health, so that people smoke. Cigarette smoke can harm people nearby. Moreover if we smoke in restaurants it makes bad the atmosphere around. It will disturb smelly people around and I think that it does not do. When we went to restaurant we want to eat if it has someone to smoke I think we don't like. If the restaurants has provided for smokers, I think we should go smoke in the restaurants provided. It will not disturb with people eating in the restaurants. If possible, smoking is not good. Smokers should stop smoking because smoking is no good cause bodily harm no benefits. Smoking makes old face, cause heart disease and it also makes the lungs work less. It makes the disease can be, so I think that smoking in the restaurants is not a good thing. We should not be done. If someone wants to smoke should smoke in the restaurants provided. If possible, we should prohibit the smoking in public places. Otherwise the government more laws on smokers in public places. And increased legal measures to condone the cigarette manufacturers. It will allow smoking in public is less.


Nowadays, a lot of people especially teenagers tend to smoke cigarettes more than in the past. It's quite common to see people smoke in the public. As we all know, a cigarette is addictive. It's a kind of drugs. It's harmful to our health for all of those nearby who don't and do smoke. Is it worth having healthy food while inhaling smoke? Recently, there has been many smoke free areas in the public, in the hotels, or even in the restaurants. But still, there're designated areas for smokers too. Non smokers will never love to smell the hazardous smoke when they hang out with friends or go out for dinner. The smoking ban in restaurants is a good. Most people who don't smoke still disagree with this behavior I agree whit them because smoking is dangerous to health for smoker and people near around. It should be a new law and focus on this as much.. I think smoking habit should be more restricted in the public, particularly in restaurant. Smoking in restaurants makes a person in there smell bad and they'll get an effect as a smoker too Everyone know that smoking is danger for your body and a nearly people. Then if some smoking in a restaurant. It is really impolite act. I think a government must banned it and make a stronger rule for a person who is smoking in restaurant. Not only smoker will have a healthy life everyone in a restaurant and all of people in Thailand will be happiness.


I agree with this topic. I'll be happy very much if it possible. In fact it is very hard to stop people who smoke in the restaurant. I really hate the cigarette. Someone's smoking in the public area. "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country" it's a great idea. They should where you can smoking and can't smoke. I think smoking should be banned in all public area. The movement should set or support many smoking area. And don't banned only restaurants but should be "All public please" include the university. Many students now smoke a lot and they smoke everywhere. The most smokers disturb people around them and not good for healthy. Most restaurants have a lot of smokers so it impossible for changed. People who eating will be very happy and they don't be afraid to have lung cancer from smoking. It is just not fair that we go the restaurant and want to eat but we may upset when we smell the cigarette. Me too! I want to throw water to the cigarette but I can't. if they want to smoke in the restaurant they should go outside so people in the restaurant will eat happily. So, it should be banned in all public areas not only restaurant.


Originally tobacco was not good already and current smokers may be more than half of the population in the world and time. Therefore, smoking may seem like a popular thing in it is wrong. Smoking may cause the disease. Both for himself and those around more with those around. The people we know and those we do not know may be dangerous to him. Therefore, smoking in public places it is not very reasonable. In restaurants with more then some people might not be bad to smoke out, but it must Affected by tobacco smoke. The sin was that he did not create. To be very expedient if each restaurant shop signs about the smoking as No smoking signs. Chapter when smoking in prohibited smoking or not as it should be a place for smoking, and especially location. In my personal opinions. Smoking in restaurants is not very appropriate because it is something that many people who do not want to. It may be caused to satisfy each other and thus causing conflict led to the controversy. Many people who may look small but it is actually not a small thing, it took it bad. It is a big issue that many parties should not be overlooked. Because many people who may not like the smell of it, or may be allergic to the smell of it step is likely. Because smoking in restaurants, it is not extremely reasonable.


Smoking is a bad thing and makes many problems to people in the society. But in fact, many smoking people still smoke in the public areas especially in the restaurants. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country for 3 reasons. First of all, smoking could make a very bad smell. Its smell has a lot of dangerous chemicals cause the disease. The smoke actually comes through a passive people around a smoking person. It makes another customer get a problem. Second is smoking could cause a lot of ill such as lung cancer, heart disease and so on. It does not make a problem with the smoking person but also passive people who could get the smell. Passive people could be ill also and it not their fault. Finally, the restaurant is the place for people who want to have good rest and have a wonderful meal. They exactly want to stay in the beautiful place and good atmosphere. The smoke would destroy that good moment. Moreover, it might make the restaurant to be a source of disease. People might be ill after the leave. In short, smoking is very bad in every way. Its smell is dangerous, it causes the disease, and in destroy the good time of people in the restaurant. It is very good if we could completely band it.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because it is impolite and it damages organs themselves and family. There are many groups think smoking is modern, handsome and others, but it is not real. It is following bad behavior. But now, there are many groups banning it such as political, school, elder and others. The smoking is just a little happiness some time. Smoking is impolite, because it is annoy for people. And then, the smoker is banned from social more and more. Especially, at the restaurants and other public places. Smoking is damages organs themselves and family, even if smoke along time. It will be symptom that is cancer. The smoker has black tooth, yellow nail, their face is unusual or ugly and others. Somebody supports them, but just a little. There are a lot of banners more than. The banners are serious about that, because, they know the result and ban same bad drugs. Such as political controls packaging of product, that show terror of smoking, the presenters are on the footpath and anywhere, ETC. Please to be serious about smoking for your health and others. Everybody knows there are so many people died by smoking. So we don't smoking, social is peace.


In the present, we will see many people smoking every where. That's bad for they but they are still smoking. Now, every where will has smoking banned ex, restaurants, school, hospital, etc. I strongly agree with that because it is very dangerous for smokers and environs. Smoking is becoming a big problem at this time. There are a lot of people to smoke. Nowadays new smoker and women smoke increasingly. They spend a lot of money in order to buy cigarettes. I don't know the advantages of cigarettes. I know many disadvantage them. Although they have a lot of cancers, people still smoke. Almost reason that we should banned with this location. Firstly, these location has many people, if someone smoking this around many people will get toxic in to body it may efficient bad. Secondly, restaurants is location that many people will come this place. They wanted to eat the foods not wanted to exhaust toxic smoke. Thirdly, these location may has a sick person. toxic smoke it make sick person sick than before. This is the most reason that these location should be banded smoking. We can help this. Actually smoking must be strictly prohibited everywhere. Other people don't want to smell the smoke of cigarettes during do something. I feel bad when someone smokes near me. If I were wizard, I would not have cigarettes in the world. Everybody feels good and healthy.


"Do not smoke in this area" we often saw the message about this in every public place. For example in hospitals, schools, Univesity, resturants etc. It is a good banner way to stop the person who usually smoke in public area. I think the place that should be banned smoking is restaurants. Because it is a place that many people go there for relaxed. For example the older people, childent etc. the owner of erery restaurants should be taking care about this. This essay I would like to disscuse about should be banned smoke in restaurants or not. The restaurants is a public plase the everyone usually go ther. It dose not good if some person smoking in restaurants durring another people are eating food. Some people think restaurants is a relaxed place, everyone can do everything we want. But I think smoking in restaurants is a bad behavior. The person who smoke should be in smoking area. It is better than inside restaurants. Some restaurants also self cigarette for the customer. That way some people often smoke in restaurants that they have to go. The owen should pay respected with law banned smoking. If in the restaurants have no smoking area I think the owner should control the guest that want to smoke to go out side. because some women allergiy the tobacco smoke. Everyone will be happy and enjoy eating if the restaurant wihtout tobacco smoke. The restaurants owner should be serious about this. Because it is a service job and the customer go there for spending their relaxed time.


Smoking is bad for body. and It get people around feel bad. It's Cause for Cancer or many illness. So we doesn't smoking. It may get our want to it. Smoking in the restaurants is bad because smell it's Nasty and It's Annoy people in the restaurants. so may be eating food feel bad or not delicious. if want to smoke they shall smoke out side or place for Smoking of restaurants. so Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I'm agree. I think It's thing to do. But now It's difficult because have many people is smoke. Banning smoke in the restaurants want to with Campaign for smoking. If the Government of the play directly on this issue. I understand that the issue is a major problem in the restaurant when the restaurant is that it only Today, if you go to eat at a restaurant or wherever, whether, even in Bangkok itself. You will find that people are smoking everywhere on a regular basis. So Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It's bad for body. And everybody around smoker. If want to smoke they shall smoke out side. However We shall not smoke the best. It would be difficult now.


Smoking should be stopped in society because it makes bad surrounding and air pollution. There are many people smoke in every place such as at school, at university, at hospital, and restaurant. I think we should be banned smoking because it annoy public environment and make bad pollution. There are three reasons why smoking should be banned and stopped in restaurant. First make bad surrounding, second make air pollution, and last make you bad behavior. First of all, why we should banned smoking in restaurant because it make everyone in the restaurant annoy smoke from smoker. When you dinner in the restaurant you must need good surrounding and good atmosphere. If there are many smoking in the restaurant it will make the costumer complaint. Second, why we should stopped smoking in the restaurant because it can make air pollution. When we stay in the restaurant or another side in Thailand we can see a lot of people smoking. It can make every area full of smoke and make air pollution to other places so, the smoking should be banned. Last reason, why smoking should be banned since it can make you bad behaviors when you smoking in the public area. Many people do it everyday life to smoke so, it be come to your behavior. Especially, when you join to each other in society you should not do it because it shows you manner to other person. In conclusion, smoking should be banned in the restaurant. There are three reasons; make bad surrounding, second make air pollution, and last make you bad behavior.


Nowadays, Smoking is the problem that every countries could not stop it. Thailand also could not stop it. On the other hand, it is serious problem now. I agree with the topic that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reason that why smoking should be banned. The first reason is unhealthy. Surely, smoking is the bad thing for heath. You could see from there are many problems from smoking like sickliness. This is the main problem of Thai people who smoke. Because Thailand is the number one about people died from smoking. The second reason is money. Nowadays, the price of cigarette is expensive more than in the past. Therefore it not good for the person who have low income. And Thailand is the country, where is developing country. So we should stop it right now. The third reason is happy. If the person who often have smoking, they will not happy. Because the person who live near him will complain him. For the smoker who stay with many people like family. You should stop smoking, if you love them. Because if you still smoking, you and them will near death as soon as. Therefore, the smoking should be completely banned in Thailand.


Smoking should not to happened, it should be completely. Now, It has number of the many people are smoking include female so it is differ from the past. At present, smoking has too much in the all age, and gender. We can see who smoking in many students at the present. It should not happen because smoking can decrease age and it make people dead quickly than the past. We should to fight, told to student and people who smoking that smoking can be body damage to a person smokes and person stay near them. It will destroy everything in your life. First, your body is damage may to be cancer in the future. Second, your family and who was near you will receive cigarette smoke and they can not take it, until they stay away from you. After that, your money is finished with the cigarette. The last, you are with nothing left, you will alone with your cigarette. So, for your good left, you mush control yourself and you should turn back to take care yourself. You can stay away from it continually and told to yourself always that don't to smoking for yourself and who your love.


I think this rule should be allowed now. Because, Smoking is effective for some people who are pregnant, be an allergic decease and be some decease about lung. Smoking has a lot of toxic which is bad for healthy. Nowadays, Smoking is not allowed in the nightclub and the restaurant in Thailand. But, this rule is not being effective immediately. I saw some restaurant and some nightclub allow many visitors to smoke. It was worse for someone who cannot prevent their selves from smoking. I absolutely support the government to set this rule and against someone who smoke in prohibited area. I think the government should be use the strict rule about smoking in the public area such as; bus stop, toilet and the official place which is related with the government. Many places in Thailand must have the smoking area. I saw some place doesn't have smoking area. A lot of smoker has to smoke in public area. It is not good for someone who hates smoking. Smoking interrupts everyone who is at smoking area. Although, this rule will be use in the future, it can't less some people who like to smoke to stop to smoke. Most of second smokers have been ill more than the first smokers. Smoking in restaurant should be banned now. It will save the earth and save your life. Smoking makes pollution in atmosphere too.


Smoking is very hazard for your health. People who smoke a lot will be sick. Smoking will be the cause of lung cancer and other diseases. The worst thing is people who smoking will receive only 30% of the smoke. But people who don't smoking but breathe the smoke in their lungs will receive 70% of the smoke. That mean people who don't smoking but stand next to the smoker have more risk to have lung cancer and other diseases about respiration system more than the smoker. Now, we know about the danger of smoke so we have to do something to protect ourselves and our health from the smoke. One thing that everyone can do is to ban the smoker who smoking in public place. Especially in the place that wind can't blow through for example the pub, the restaurant, the gym etc. Because these places have a lot of people that don't want to receive the smoke. If the smokers want to smoking, it should be somewhere that far from many people or public places. Or the smoker should see the doctor to cure and stop smoking. If these ways can't stop smoking, the government should draw the law about smoking.


Many people in the past died from disease they had no effective modern medicines to cure them. But in developed world people do not die from disease but they die from drugs. The most famous drug which kills our life is cigarette. Most of men and women die because of smoking cigarette. Bad people always love to smoke in public places so good people who do not smoke are killed by them. It is very bad if restaurants in country allow them to smoke. It will make the bad air for other customers in the restaurant. So manager of restaurant should ban smoker who is smoking in restaurant. Managers can set the rule for control this problem; you might allow the smokers to come in next time if they smoke in your restaurant. Smoker will be fined by manager if they have done it. Every restaurant should publish their rule by announcement or draw a picture "No smoking here" Government should declare to teenager or someone who is under 18 years old can not buy cigarette. Please fine the cigarette buyer if they sell cigarette to teenager. Because normally teenager buy cigarette and take it to smoke in public like restaurant, university and but stop. It is very important problem that government should solve and improve right now.


Restaurant is a good place for the breakfast, lunch, relax, hang out, celebration, meet the friend or family. So in the restaurant have many people in this for example father, mother, children, grandfather or grand mother. And sure! Everyone want a good view, nice food, good service and no smoke! Why no smoke? one don't be good for health and it's can make think for the restaurant and who are smoke too. Smoke is make cancer it too bad for who smoke and other people. It very bad smell and people don't like it. Nowadays Have many people were dad from smoke all the world and will have a high people every year. Restaurant should be complete banned at all the restaurant in the country. The government must set rule to bane smoking in restaurant. For health and tourist and people. Benefit from Restaurant be complete banned smoke at all in the country is, first people have a good health, reduce who dad from cancer, have a good mode for example romantic, happy, funny, lucky and don't sad. Have a good price and have much money to use other thing. Have a good travel people love Restaurant.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for the sake of health of all. A restaurant is a public place people are around. Each person loves his or her life and no one can deny having a good health. Because smoking can cause an unhealthy life and bring a lot of diseases to health people, smoking must be banned at all the restaurants. Imaging when you are enjoying your meal with your own family at a restaurant, and someone you do not even know is smoking beside you, would you still be happy with your time there? In addition, smoking gives me a bad picture of it such as cancer, bad appearance, bad smell, and the like, and I am sure that many people agree with me that we do not want to die of a danger of smoking. We try to get away from those who smoke, and sometimes we just want to have a private place with out such a smoking addicted person. Of their entire place or wherever no one is around, why they need a restaurant to smoke? Now I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


What do you think about smoking in the public places? I think it should not be allowed. Refer to many years researching, the result that; almost of the people think negative about it. Do you know? More than 80% of the restaurants in Thailand have been banned the smoking and if anyone smokes they will be fined for 2, 000 baht. But in the past time, smoking has been allowed for every restaurant, pub and club. That was very uncomfortable for the people who are a non smoking person. They would inhale the smoke and get it more than the smokers. Right now there are the ways to solve this problem, the first one is fine and the second is set the smoking zone in the public places and restaurants so far from everyone. Smoke, there are many toxic and disadvantage, that is the good idea to protect ourselves from that. I'm very sure that you want to be happy when you have a dinner with a fresh air without smoke, smell bad and toxic. I don't blame that the smoker is the bad person but your smoking is affected to the other people and makes the people around the smokers get the carcinogen, Of course it should be completely banned!


I agree with smoking should be completely banned all the restaurants in the country because smoking isn't benefit for every one. I don't know why people still smoking although they know about disadvantage about smoking. In ciggarate one each has many toxin and these toxin make everyone to have worse health and it might be the lung cancer if you smoke it very much and long time. Smoking in the restaurant not only you that have a bad health but also every one near you will lost a good health too. If you want to smoking you should to go to outside but I think the good way to fix this problem is form a new law about smoking in the restaurant. If you smoking in the restaurant you have to pay alot money or go to the jail 2 3 month it will make to know about smoking in the public is not good. Smoking will make you look not good. I think if you want to good looking it has manything that you can do except smoking for example playing sport play the music sing a song and anything that you can do. This is why I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


In my opionion, I argument with smoking cigarettes, because, smoking cigarettes is bad build the health, not only, oneself only but, still bad build a person with around, in a cigarette participates to assemble of a substance tar, stay with if, who take enter for long ago as a result, will cause the disease differs. The a lot of, poor might make can die finally, in now have person smoke cigarettes greatly, both of a man and a woman, The many people then think to get into trouble usual, and that be amazing be, there is a student who is a woman smokes cigarettes more and more, might born from the cause that is eagerring to know wants to test the efficacy of the talisman teen age, until cause wrong popularity or, on the other hand be, touch a friend induces but, that the a little part, pillar cause, screen uncle urges at a guardian who behaves to are the precedence to a child, neither will the direct way, or, The indirect, such as, might give a child goes to buy a cigarette comes to give, or, make see formed type, if, we will want to solve TRUE this. We should begin at a family before is first, then, softly correct other part next. Second part is friend group that us will should must give the attention understands him too much explain that, an anything should do an anything should not make him understands by best way and don't make him feel to force or, embarrassed.


