In my opinion, to smoke is absolutely bad thing to do. For me, members in my family have no one who is a smoking guy. My father always tells us that it's bad and I really trust him. Do you think that drugs are good? Of course not. For something such as tea or coffee which are drugs too, they don't destroy our health as much as to have a smoke such as smoking. I don't think that it's a good idea. Some people say that while they are relax, their bodies are destroying by the thing that they think it's good for them. I think if somebody is serious, exercising might help them more than smoking, do you think that so? For the easy example, if you are very hungry. There are a poison apple and ingredients of apple pie in front of you, what would you choose? The clever guys will choose ingredients of apple pie, right? Although it might take time for baking a pie and you want to eat and apple, right? But you know that if you eat a poison apple, you will die after you full. So you must choose the slower but better one. Also exercising or playing sports and smoking. The stupid guys always choose the faster one. They don't care results, they know just they are very hungry and they want to eat an apple right now. Trust me, in the future, they will feel sorry about the thing they've done. Lastly, I know that everybody has they own rights, I can't forbid anyone to smoking. But hopefully, I wish they would know some day that a poison apple is not good for them and there are money people who love them and don't want them to destroy themselves.


I agree to reject smoking at all restaurants. Youth ages are at risk of smoking addiction. And tend to be much higher each year. When cigarette smoke, and then stick to it until I die. Not easy to quit, so young people should learn and realize the danger of smoking and help to solve by themselves may begin to learn before, such as the harm of smoking. May be in the book. Media, the Internet or ask teachers, as well as those who have knowledge of leisure time usefully. Probably play sports like football, table tennis, a running style that would generate such a beneficial use of leisure time. And still have good health and also relax. Without having to rely on cigarettes to play music, sing and dance play Extra, which has the benefit of free time then. Also the practice of musical expression and also train with the heart. The challenge of art and craft activities such as drawing, sculpting, hundreds of beads such as meditation. And creating value by yourself. In addition, young people. Know problem rationally. No tobacco dependence. Know their roles and responsibilities. With the intention of fighting fees. Obey the teachings of parents and business teacher and behavior, but do good. The cheerful spirit of challenge. By the principle Religion as a way of Florida life. Apart from self help can also help friends and others in society as a joint campaign to reduce smoking and quitting.


Today ours human being have more things to addict. Some thing are good and the others are bad. But bad thing must also attractiveness by peer pressure such as alcohols, weeds and cigarettes etc. The easily thing that you can take them in any place and every time that you comfort is cigarette. When you walk on the street you can find the person who was smoking along the ways you would see at least one person. Because there is no smoking prohibited. I will give you and example what plave that have smoking. Restaurant, the place that have every generation of human come in it. Actually who was come to this is come in with family on holidays. What do you think when your family come to restaurant and found that this restaurant allow to smoking. Is this still holidays? Smoking is killing your mood from eating and talking with your family. But it is not important than it kill your family when they breath smoke. In my opinion the government must be approve the laws that smoking prohibited in public. It could be the best if the first place that the laws need concern are restaurant, park and university.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with this topic smoking at all the restaurants should be banned. And public place should be banned too. For example : at park, bus stop, university, hotel and etc. because smoking make many problems to population. The restaurants have a many people. Smoke is smelly, when smoker is smoking at restaurants it make a disturb with others people. And it is become air pollution. Smoker should not smoking at restaurants or public place. No one like smoke so that smoker must be have manner with others people. Some restaurants or public place have a smoking place, smoker must smoking at this place. People can banned smoker who don't have manner because smoke can make the lungs cancer smoker should take care others people. Moreover smoking can make danger at restaurants. Because at restaurants have many gases, when smoker is smoking a sparks fire can make danger. Ban can decrease smoker because smoker can not smoking at public place. It make them feel hard to smoking. If people not banned bad smoker in the future smoking may be increase. And it can become to be a simple behavior of smoker. So, if smoker don't have manner another people should be completely banned them.


Smoking is the bad habit that makes your health and closed person dangerous. People start smoking for a variety of different reasons. Some think it look cool. Others start because their family members or friends smoke. Most adults who started smoking in their teens never expected to become addicted. I strongly disagree with smoking. Almost everyone knows that smoking causes cancer or heart disease that it can shorten your life. Smoking is a hard habit to break drugs in cigarette. The problems that might affect yellow teeth, nails and toe nails will turn yellow or bad breath. People around smokers will be uncomfortable because of the smell and the smoke of the cigarettes. Personally, the government or whom any concern should try to stop people smoking especially in public areas such as restaurants, parks, malls. Many young people begin smoking as an act of rebellion and independence. Young smokers start smoking at their age of 12 or 13 just to get a taste of, what it is like. Some of them find it disgusting and unhealthy and some of them find it cool. So you can see smoking is bad for your in health. Your health want pure oxygen in the life, you must stop smoking do something before it's too late.


In the recent day Thai people become smoker more than in the past so there are polluted atmosphere in everywhere. That is the worst specimen for traditional teenager. Smoking is the cause of cancer and makes the harm to the smoker and closed people around them. There are many disadvantages about smoke the cigarettes for example bad smell, black teeth and gum, and addicted. In my opinion smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Not only the entire restaurant but also school, hospital, park, or the public place. Although in my opinion is the best way that I think to make a good condition and save smokers' health and the others around them for having a meal in restaurant but it is so badly about the smokers. So we should have some area or place for smoking as the smoking area in the airport. Because of all people are not smokers. If I think about the owner of the restaurants should declare about area for smoking or specific for type of your restaurants to your customers. I think smoking is bad for you and your loved family. No smoking is best thing to do. For the smoker when you want to smoke might think about the others around yourself and keep your manner so anyone can not argue on you.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. ??? In my opinion, I believe that smoking should be completely banned. Not only is smoking any form of tobacco dangerous to you health, but it is also bad for the health of those around you. Smoking should be banned at the restaurants and for all public areas. Smoking negatively affects our society through environmental problems, economic problems, health risks to others, and especially health problems it cause within children. There is no reason to smoke cigarettes and doing so does not benefit anyone in any way. Smoking in public is the same as driving drunk because both endanger the lives of innocent people who choose not to engage in the reckless behavior. The only difference is that with smoking the affects are not visible immediately because it has long term affects. Banning smoking in public will ultimately increase the quality of life and in turn will better society as a whole. At last I agree that completely smoke free places are the ideal, and some businesses have taken the decision to go completely smoke free. However, everyone agrees that, it is a matter of rights   the right of smokers to smoke versus non smokers to protect from passive smoking and to breathe clean air.


Smoking causing harmful to themselves but also harm those whom staying around you. Smoking release many toxins and it also cause cancer. People may face many smokers who smoke in public places. However, for us, to smoke in restaurants, it's not to be made in a very much. Because the restaurant offers many services to people both young and elderly adults who don't smoke. They separate smoking areas and non smoking areas. For anyone who wants to smoke, they will respect the rules by going outside so people sitting in the restaurant don't get any smell from the cigarettes. Restaurants are for having fun and relaxing, it doesn't need to banned the smokers. In coffee shops, many people love drinking coffee with smoking. I think it's personal taste so if we still produce and sell cigarettes, why do we have to banned them? To bane the smoking is not the solutions, if people don't wanna see anyone to smoke, we should stop producing and selling. Smoking should not be banned but just having two different areas for customers, for smokers and for non smokers. Thus, everyone is happy cuz each side has their own pace. Smokers got their place to smoke, non smokers got their place to enjoy eating, the owner of the restaurants is happy because they don't lose any customers.


At the present, a lot of people died because of smoking and still have some people who risk to get a cancer. I agree with this statement that we should banned smoking in restaurants. In my opinion, nowadays smoking is seemed to be normal for the most people. They like to smoke in everywhere. Restaurant is a place where family likes to have dinner or have a nice time together or some people use it for meeting. So, this place has different ages such as children, teenager, adult and old people. If someone has smoking in restaurant, it could effected with people who surround smoker, imagine that how many people surround him will be a second smoker and it also effected on themselves. An atmosphere also was destroyed. And I think it not fair that they didn't smoke but why they had to get that bad effect from someone who they don't know. We should do something to protect people from this effect and I agree with this way and think that it will be better if all the restaurants have a rule that not allow smoking in there. And when they start to use it, I think it will be a point that attracts people to come in.


One day, you go to the restaurant. You order food for you meal. After that the waiter serves your food on the table. After you eat for a while, you smell about something bad. It is smoking smell. How will you feel about it? When you have a meal in the restaurant, if you smell of bad thing, you will feel very disfavor of it. So I think smoking smell is one of bad smell that need to completely banned in restaurant because when someone have smoking, they smoking smell will annoy everybody around them and it also cause lung cancer to everybody. It must have a force law about smoking in restaurant such as penalty if you smoke in restaurant area or sent them to jail. There is other way to fix smoking in restaurant area problem. If the restaurant allows smoking in restaurant area, you must have a special room for smoking. So they smell will not annoy everybody anymore. There are lots of ways to fix the smoking in restaurant problem but I think the best way to fix this problem is teach a good moral to the baby and tell to smoking is bad thing or government must create new law about banned smoking, not just in restaurant but everywhere. That will make their country better.


When talking about smoking, I see many people smoke around in everywhere. At train stations, bus stations, public telephone, markets, many smokers are there. In the restaurants can be seen smokers also. I don't see any advantages of smoking. If they say, smoking can stop their stress or can make them feel warmer, it's really unreasonable. Thailand is very hot, why smoking? Not cold at all. To release or stop stress? There are many ways to stop that. You may drink juice or work out, or do simple thing such as watch TV or sleep. Restaurants are places to eat and have fun with family or friends. It's for eating so the place should be clean and fresh. The smell of cigarettes can harm people who don't smoke and destroy the air in the restaurants. Food may be bad smell and the tastes become not tasty. Many kids and women or old people in the restaurant might have some effects from the smoke. The restaurants must ask smokers to go outside or ask them to leave. If they wish to smoke, the restaurant may provide smoking area for them but I don't support that. So smoking must not allowed in all resturants.


Now the government in Thailand try to promote a campaign for stop smoking in public areas and restaurants. Even in the pub, bar, nightclub, there are many signs to warn the smokers that these places are not allowed them to smoke. It's very campaign because the government support that and there is punishment. They will be fined for 2000 baht. Anyways, the campaign is good but in reality, there are still many places that they allow people to smoke in their restaurants. There are air condition and non air condition rooms in the restaurants, some people still smoke in air condition areas. The smell is around the room. It's very bad pollution. One thing I notice, servers don't try to tell the customers if the customers are not Thai people. In fact, most of Thai people respect the rules if the restaurants say that 'no smoking'. They try to not smoke in that area. But in tourist places, many foreigners smoke in the restaurants. I don't want to blame them. The owners or servers have to tell them to stop. If we don't tell them, they don't care about that. Finally, I agree about the statement to now allow people to smoke in the restaurants.


Smoking is a kind of bad behavior. It harms smoker and anyone who breathes its smog. How smoking harm people? It harms by smog of its when smokers smoke. Smog of it is polluting for people's body. When people breath it. Smog will destroy respiratory system. Lung which is the most important organ of respiratory system will destroy and causes lung cancers. Not only lung cancers that smoking causes but also destroy the brain cell. Although smoking is bad behavior and dangerous but many people choose to smoke. Why they choose to smoke? Some of people smoke because they think smoking make him smart; some of them think that they want to try how feeling is while they smoke. But they didn't know that they must addict. Because of addict make a lot of people can't stop smoking after that they become to smoker. Some that smoking can found everywhere especially in restaurants. Almost of smoker smoke after they eat the don't care everyone they smoke and squirt their smog. People who don't smoke receive their smog then they get harm. I think that this is not fair. Smoker should have common senses to avoid everyone from their smog but they don't have so that smoker should be completely banned. Finally I agree that smoker should be completely banned them at all the restaurants in the country and I think should be banned at everywhere.


I do not agree with smoking. In my opinion smoking is very badness and destruction health. I do not like smoking and hate the smell because it is stink and go dead the personality. I have a lot of reasons to disagree for smoking. First, it is addictive substance, so I can see teenage in anywhere and they are think with it very good for them health. Second, in the market the seller wants to buy it very much because it is very expensive. Nowadays the government is fight resist the sales gives old child lowers 18 years and sells a cigarette intermittently the time. Third, smoke cigarettes already make have mouth smell and to be the disease the lungs in the future. Forth, it can injure a person around the way and destroy the environment or make at hate of a person around, so I do not smell and avoid the smoke. Then, smoking make the body deteriorates and hawk wrinkled face. When go to everybody in the classroom or friends he or she is very younger. Finally, you can smoke but you will dry very fast, thus we should quit a cigarette and don't go to get involved with it.


Smoking in restaurant isn't allowed in many country in the world because the smoke of cigarette will destroy respiration system and other system in your body. Some restaurants are announced the notifications that cannot bring some cigarettes inside and also cannot smoke inside as well. The cigarettes have a lot bad disadvantage to the person smoking them and also the closely person. The cigarettes make from hashish and pass the process till being like you see. Many restaurants in Thailand don't let the person smoking in their restaurants because smoking in restaurant will make others feel annoyed and upset from the smoke. In Thailand, there is the law that cannot smoke in the public area and personal area. The restaurant is a personal area. You have no rights to smoke in otherwise you'll be fined about 500 baht. Some places in the world smoking in the restaurant is legal such as Mexico because this country has a lot of material for producing the cigarettes. Almost of South America are the country which produce the cigarettes and It's widespread for people to bring it in the restaurant. There are many countries in European declare that having a forbidden rule not to smoke in the restaurant. It's good for other people especially for the babies and children. They have a bit immunizing agents so If they take lots of smoke, They may have a illness. The result of smoking in the restaurant is to expel from the restaurant. Somewhere may be fined. If you are the person who care of others and the earth, you shouldn't smoke in the restaurant.


Smoking is bad to every people at everywhere and anytime. Today, it becomes a part to most human life. Smoking can cause in many diseases such as cancer. Smoking not only causes problems to smoker but also to innocence people. Many people die every year because of smoking. However, smoking still becomes popular until today. Today, the rate of smokers is increasing. We can find them anywhere even in restaurants. They are harming people's life. They can't stop because smoking is like a drug addict. In restaurant, people want fresh air to breathe when they eat. Person that smokes in restaurant has no manner. We can only hope that there will be a decreasing of smokers. Stop smoking campaigns as we see today can decrease a little. If we want to decrease the amount of smokers, we should help together. Smoking should be banned at every place not only restaurants. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it is impossible to make people stop smoking. This world will be better and many people will be healthier if we can decrease the amount of smokers. Finally, smoking will harm yourself and other people if you don't stop now.


Smoking is a bad things for our life because it is a land of drugs that made our health to deteriorate and made the other persons have the effect from have of smoking. If we ever have gone to some restaurants, we can see the people especially the man always have smoking. It is important for every life in every country because of in nowadays to have the people died from smoking such as lung cancer and others disease. Some people who died never smoke but their die from the effect that the people who smoke because they smell it. In each year we found a lot of people died from smoking, so we should to completely stop or ban the people do not smoke in at all the restaurant in every countries. If we can completely stop or ban smoking in at all restaurant in every countries it can make our life healthy. Moreover the people ill not died from the smoking other effect of having from smoking. Every life will happy, we can completely stop and banned the smoking at all the restaurants in the country and we can banned the smoking at all public areas. People who don't smoke will be safe and healthy.


One of the pollutions that close to us is toxic fumes from a cigarette. A cigarette is a small roll of finely cut tobacco leaves wrapped in a cylinder of thin paper for smoking. I have seen the smoker since age that I can remember the things. I am second hand cigarette smoke. I don't like this but I can't avoid every time. People know that smoking is bad for everyone but cigarettes can be sold in every market and every shop and they are convenient to buy by everyone who has age more than 18 years old. I think it is wrong to do like this. If we want to stop, we will destroy all of them. My uncle told me that the old day, the teenager smoked for fashion. They believed that smoking make they're cool. And I think nowadays they still like the past. Some smokers smoke because they were serious. I think they have another solution but they don't try to do. A person in my family is addicted to smoke. He smoke and smoke. In a day he smokes more than a pack of cigarettes. I don't want him to be like that. Now he's very weak and dowdy. His healthy is extremely bad and not as lively as before. This's one of the illustrations about smoking. I would like the smokers concern their health and care their self along with their family. Please, stop smoking before smoking stops you.


From my side, I think smoking should be banned at all restaurant. Although smoking has now reduced from many years ago but this shouldn't overlook. Because restaurant is the public place you have to respect the others. If you would like to smoke, it's better for you to smoke in the place that provided for smoker only. I think it has many way to say to smoker to discard smoking or reduce smoking such as teaching about disadvantages of smoking, effect of smoking to everyone. They may realize that smoking is bad. Or you can do some campaign in school, university, official place or in the crowded places by make some handbill for distribution or make some exhibition. Media is one of many thing that cause people smoking for example in television, movie, NEWS. Government have to establish some agency to inquire the media before send it to citizen and set the law about people who smoking or protect others from smoker. Finally, smoking is harmful for your health and people around you. In some restaurant that have outdoor area, it's not annoy the other too much but in restaurant with air condition it's not good if you smoke inside their. But the best way is not smoke at all.


As we know Smoking cigarette is a bad behavior especially that person smokes in public places such as parks, restaurants, bus stops and etc. We have been taught since we were child that people who smoke the cigarettes will be sick because of lung cancer. In fact, they will not be sick but who close them up risk to be sick. Because the people who smoke always emit the smoke, they don't receive smoke as much as who is rounding them. So the people who close them up get smoke directly by breathing. In restaurants, all owners realize how bad cigarettes are so they try to campaign by sticking signal 'No smoking' across the restaurants and also set the specific area called 'Smoking area'. Although these ways have been used for long time, the people who want to smoke, they still do. I think those people are really bad and have no any subconscious. Owners should catch up and fine them seriously! From the above, everyone see and realize that smoking in public hurt people who around you. Then the people who have behavior like this should adjust and improve yourselves. I'm the one who really hate smoking because smoking cigarettes has no any advantages. There are only disadvantages especially health and spend wasting money. So I agree with 'Banned Smoking at all the restaurants in the country'. But I think we shouldn't ban only restaurants, we should ban cigarette in all public places. Last, the best way to solve this problem is Stop Smoking for Good Life! :  )


I think that smoking is very bad, because tobacco is not only destroying themselves but also harm those around you as well many people smoke because they think that a fashion of their friends and smoking is a good thing. Smoking useless because it destroys the body's systems. Such as the nervous system. Internal systems of the body such as liver, kidneys, lungs, smoking causes many diseases. Including lung cancer. Diseases of the respiratory system. And digestive system. Current smoking rates continued to grow, especially teenagers who are young and are still unable to earn money to buy your own pace. Negative effects of smoking every year sd will have died from smoking each year, 400, 000. People or maybe more than the annual government budget to pay the cost of treatment. Caused by smoking a lot. Danger of smoking today with over the past several times due to current smoking with nicotine and low tar cigarettes make people breathe deep into the lungs. Who live with smokers may be the same, we call this group the second hand smoke smoke from smokers contained a small can of smoke into the lungs. Second hand smoking effects of smoking were broken. Smoking not only affects the smokers but also to direct others in the atmosphere. Inhalation of toxic smoke from cigarette smoke go by. Harmful as cigarette smokers. The effects of smoking on the people side enough. Example it's effect to children, expectant mother, spouses of smokers and to general people. Quit smoking can be to yourself and to those around you love smoking is not needed at all.


Smoking, smoking, smoking when I looked at the crowds it's gonna be somebody who smoked everywhere. It's a very big problem in the world wide for human being. Maybe the cause of this problem is family, family didn't teach their children so they son want to find something new. Or, they follow some bad examples of people around them. So let's talk about this case. In the social life there have many people who used to smoking so it's a big problem that smoker should be aware with this because it make you weak and have high chance to were lung cancer so the first thing that parent can do is recommend their son. And today most of teenagers are in this bad way so the smoker can stop smoke by drink lemon juice However, only one thing that you should do is suggest your kid and smoker that say them about the bad problem that if you smoked it you will take a lot of cancel. So, I think smoking should be banned in everywhere not only in the restaurant but should be in school, university, bus stop, markets. All public areas should have statement to not allow people to smoke. It's good for people to stop smoking and people who need fresh air.


At this time, Smoking becomes common things for people. They always smoke without think of or concern about the surrounding. Some people thought that smoking can liberate them from tension and can relax their mind. If they smoke in smoking area it will not be a problem, but most of them are smoking in public places and affect to nonsmoking people. Smoking's are allowed at the sideways, community centers and also restaurant. These places have many people including the children and old people; if they smoke the people surrounding will automatically be the secondhand smoke. I think that smoking in public places was unaccepted thing especially in the restaurant even though that the restaurant already has a smoking area for the smoker. Thinking that we are eating at restaurant with ours family but some people are smoking near us how do you feel. It because we know that smoking was a bad thing to our health, it can make many diseases such as lungs cancer, heart disease and respiratory system. Now we know that smoking has a lot of blame that affect to us. The ways to protect us and nonsmoker from get secondhand smoke was to banning smoking in the public places. Make them afraid and give up smoking by showing how smoking affected to us.


Nowadays smoking is one of the most problems in the social because of the increasing of the smoker even though they have campaigns about stop smoking but it does not accomplish much. From the research some of the smokers think that smoking is good for their mild such as decreased themselves or their look to be more cool. Actually smoking affects many bad things. The smoking is incredibly bad for your health and for people who smell the smoke. I think smoke is really bad for example health of the smokers that will look worse and worse, surround people because the smoke from there will cause other people health to become like the smoker himself, for environment that cause air pollution and the lost is waste your money. Many people spend too much money on cigarettes. I saw many of smokers order sweet cigarettes from other countries. It's very worthless for daily life. From the most of people think that smoker is really bad even though smoker think that it good for them more or less. They won't see any disadvantages since they are still strong. If someday they become sick because of cancer, they will regret about that. So we have to think of the way to help them stop or lessen the smoking habit for decreasing the smoker.


In my opinion smoking must completely banned from our society not only banned it at the restaurants. Everybody knows that smoking is not just harmful only the person who smokes, it harms other people around him, too caused of the smoke from his cigarette. When someone smokes, people around him will disgust and escape from him. Especially in the restaurants, smoking may expel the customers. Although some restaurants prepare smoking area for the clients, there is still bad atmosphere there. I think they should use the smoking area for doing anything is more useful than just smoking. Completely banned smoking at the restaurants, there are more advantages than disadvantages. The restaurants that banned smoking will be more acceptable than other restaurants that allowed smoking. I think all restaurants should campaign people to quit smoking and show how dangerous effect from smoking, may be by using advertisement on the board of their restaurants. When the restaurants have no smokers, customers will increase than before, the atmosphere of the restaurants will be fresh and they can make more incomes, too. So, all the restaurants must completely banned smoking, to make the clients feel happy and enjoy with the service form the restaurants. The restaurants that can do like this, will be the awesome restaurants for sure.


Smoking in restaurants, it is not good for itself but also the rate Interlink who are around us. When the smoke consecutive daily Movement of the addict thing started up. Enabling the smokers feel satisfaction at a low And become the slave of smoking in most When people start smoking is often thought. It may not be the same reason why you continue to allow smoking to today It is known that the reason why the teenagers start smoking. To be recognized as the peer group is also caused by imitating the behavior of smokers. From the influential conceptual art example of a close family relatives. Or Star Singer. These famous people influence teenagers' behaviors so parents should suggest their children and keep their eyes on them. if the parents notice that the children are trying to do something inappropriate in their ages such as drinking or smoking, the parents should warn them and point out some disadvantages or bad effects for them. In the restaurants, smoking can show the manner of people, someone is very nice looking and dress very well but when they start to smoke, their looks is going down and it is really bad manner after all. People should dare to tell them to go out or stop smoking right after.


I agree that there should be measures to deal with smoking in restaurants whether big or small. Because of smoke in a restaurant disturb the person at the table and others to eat in a restaurant. It is bad manners, if we smoke while dining with others. Cigarette smokes interfere with other people. It also has a foul odor. It makes eating food are not happy. Most restaurants and the room are closed. And some of the open air, it will make spreading smoke across the room and can not drain out. It affects everyone eating in a restaurant. In which it has both children and the elderly, pregnant women may have. Cigarette smoke may result in a lot with these people. If you get it into the large volume may cause an effect on health. If the restaurant has a severe allergy is a serious danger. Therefore, measures should be apart of the smoking ban in restaurants and possibly to the public. We should create a society that should not smoke in public places. Everyone together on this campaign seriously, through cooperation from the private sector, including operators and the media. And more importantly who smoke should be aware of the consequences. If you are smoking, it should be in place where appropriate. Do not create trouble for others.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. You know what is cigarettes ? Cigarettes look like a cylinder that contains the tobacco. The tobacco has o lot of chemical substances that not good for health. Smoking is the cause of cancer because the tobacco will destroy your lung and trachea. However, many people like to smoke because they think they are so smart and you will feel relax when you are smoking. Nowadays, smoking is very normal. People, teenagers, adults, man, woman are smoke. Someone addicted someone smoke for relaxing. You can see many people smoke in many place. For example park, university, restaurant etc. But now the government legislate Don't smoke at the public place. So you can smoke at the area for smoking only. What do you think about the people who smoke in the public place? Are you feel bad or so so. In my opinion, I'm not so happy about this matter. Especially people who smoke in the restaurant. Because restaurant is the place for having meal, for giving a party etc. You must to know that you can't smoke. If you smoke in the restaurant people who beside you will not happy cause they are disturbed by your smoke. This act is very bad manner. I think we should be completely banned at all the restaurants. But, if you want to smoke you must smoke at the area for smoking that the restaurant provides only. In conclusion, smoking is not wrong but you should to behave in good manner. Do not smoke in the public place. And the important thing, you should have your limit for smoking because it is not good for health and the smoke will affect to the persons who beside you.


Smoking Now a day, the numbers of the smoking people increase double from the past. Many people ask me that smoking is good? Or why we have to smoking, my parents always tell me that smoking is not good for our health and it can be harmful to others and our world. The problems of greenhouse effect have many reasons one of them is smoking. Today there are some 1. 1 billion people still smoking that making air pollution. When someone smoking, it makes surrounding pollute and the people near the smoker will receive the toxic fumes so they are going to be the cancer. Smoking doesn't have any benefits it has only disadvantage. Some people are upset when they are near the smoker. Many smoking people are dead before they grow old. As the summary, I agree with the topic that smoking should be banned in all restaurants. If not, there must be two zones for smokers and normal customers. The customers that don't smoke will take their time to enjoy their food, and smokers will enjoy their smoking without destroy other people. The restaurants should be very strict not to let the smokers to smoke inside the non smoking area. Anyway, I think we shouldn't sell the cigarettes, shouldn't import or export or product cigarettes. I don't see any advantages from cigarettes and smoking but why many people love to smoke, I just don't understand.


Are you smoking? If not, will you think smoke? Do you know advantage or disadvantage of cigarettes? Already, I will talk about smoking. Smoking has danger to life with smoker and closer. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking can harm everyone around smoker. If you ask smoker that Do you know disadvantage of smoking?, most of them will say yes. Smokers must spend much money for it. They must pay for cigarettes for their lifetime. Person who has been smoking for a long time may be many diseases such as heart disease, lung cancer, and pharynx cancer or anywhere of cancer. In cigarettes have many components that can destroy your health. Cigarettes are composed of nicotine, tar and another. Nicotine can make addict and you must smoke always and always. If you do not vigorous, you must smoke lifelong. Cigarettes will be made you bad health and closer bad health too. In restaurants, everybody wants to have good food and good environment even if you smoke, you will make bad environment. Smokers must have realized public mind. Finally, I think that you could not smoke everywhere and could stay away from smoker because cigarettes have many disadvantages. Cigarettes can make you weak and can occur diseases with you. We should campaign 'do not smoke!'. And you should not smoke if you want to have good health. You must band smokers and suggest them that should try to stop it.


Should Smoking be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country? What do you think about it? In my opinion, I believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Not only at the restaurants but also in all public places where have many people such as in church, libraries, kid's play ground, museums, theaters, etc. Because it is not good for the smokers' health and people that surround them. Why is Smoking so bad for the smokers' health and people that surround them? It is because I known that in cigarettes, there is second hand smoke that contains all of the toxins. There are so many diseases that happen to smoker and people that smell smoke it. They include heart disease, pregnancy complications and the well know disease, cancer. The Carbon in a cigarette is extremely dangerous too. The Carbon binds with the Hemoglobin in the blood stream. When that happens, the Hemoglobin will not allow the red blood cells to carry and transport oxygen throughout the human body. Nicotine, it damages your brain right after you first smoke by opening up the receptors in it. When you sleep at night the Nicotine level drops very low and that is the reason people usually reach for a cigarette right after they wake up. So I consider that smoking should be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country and other public places too.


The smoker can smoke in the area where they allow. Some area set up the symbol of banned smoking but some places do not set up it so some smoker will smoking in that areas and it will affect to others. A smoke will interrupt into the air and make an annoyed to people around not just annoying but it can make pollution spread into the air especially in the restaurants. Some restaurants have already set up the icon but some have not. In culture and common sense all people will know well that in all restaurants should not be smoking because it will make bad feeling to other customers. Some smokers do not follow with the sign that cannot smoke so we should ban a smoking in the restaurants. Some customers do not like a smoke because they have bad effects to them. Some customers cannot enjoy their meal because of the smell. The government should make a law to completely ban the smoking at all the restaurants in the country. The government should be give heed the health of people because in this present people care about their health more than in the past, however the smoking is not good for everyone in anywhere not only all restaurant.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Everyone knows that smoking is the bad thing and shouldn't do but people nowadays think smoking is the normal thing most people do that. Smoke from cigarette will destroy human body everyone around you especially yourself. It has a lot of disadvantage that will injure your lung. Causing many diseases for example Lung cancer, Heart disease, High blood pressure, respiratory impairments etc. smoking in public place such as restaurants will make another people look at you as you are bad personality and no one want to stay near because of the smell of cigarettes. If any restaurant has many customers who smoke will affect the atmosphere in the restaurant is not impressive because moreover food or service are the main factor to choose restaurant for family, environment is another reason for the attention of customers to eat. Smoking in public place all got a bad result not only yourself but also everyone around you. If you have conscious mind you should digest where you can smoke or where you can't. But no smoking is the best thing to do for your family, your children and your world.


I agree this topic. I thought people went to the restaurants need for relaxing. They want to eat some food at restaurants. If someone smoking will be destroy the air surround area over there. Some people are courtesy may be can't told smokers for stop smoking. It's horrible for someone to be sensitive from fume. Smoking is not good for child and women are pregnant. If anyone have inhale smoke will bad for health. Because, in cigarette have filled with hazardous substances such as Nicotine, Tar, Hydrogen cyanide. Cigarette doesn't well for everyone. It's bad for our life and good health. If you smoke always you should stop smoke for your health. Smoking will do all person has smoking has short life. I believe anyone dislike our person smoking. Because, they need our person have lived so long day. Restaurants ought to without smoking. But, if smoke are necessary for somewhere. The restaurants should manage area especially for smoking. These suggest is good for everyone. So we should to fight for stop smokers at restaurants. As well as smoking is private right. You can smoke in anywhere but cigarette will destroy your health and your life. No one can help you if you will die except yourself.


I'm strongly agreed with this subject. Not only in the restaurant and country but also in the world too. Because the cigarette is do not have any benefit. In addition, it can make our life very down and sick too. Smoking in restaurant and in the country or the place where the people still that is a very bad thing. Not only the person who smoke will have the danger but the people who stay around him also. A cigarette can make them to be a danger because it has a lot of things to can make them die. If they smoke it for a long time or the people still in area that have a cigarette smoke, they can have a big problem that is be sick such as cancer. Moreover, the cancer doesn't have any treatment. In the finally, they may die. To conclude, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it does not have any advantages. However, the person who still smokes the cigarette should smoke in the area where they can smoke and should not harm another person who doesn't smoke. If it can be clear, that will make our world to be fresh more than now. At least, that will able to reduce the number of patients too.


Smoking Is not good, It can produce smoke and smoke is bad for smokers and people around smokers. But I don't fully accept to have completely ban smoking at all restaurants in the country, I think just have smoking zone in restaurants and have a good ventilator in that zone is enough. It wouldn't good for restaurant, If have completely ban smoking at restaurant because If smokers need to smoke when eating but restaurant has ban smoking, smokers would go back home, so restaurants would lost benefits. If restaurant allows smoking but doesn't have smoking zone, It would vary bad for restaurants and customers because smoke would take customers can't stand its smell then they wouldn't eat at that restaurant again, so restaurants would lost a lot of benefits. In addition to this, smoke from smoking is bad for everybody's health. So the best way to solve smoke from smoking in restaurants is setting up smoking zone in restaurants and have a good ventilator in that room. This way should take a lot of money at first but it is worth to do it, because it is fair for everybody either smokers, restaurants and other customers that don't smoke.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason is that smoking is not good for health. It is one of the cause of lung cancer and many people die because of it. Every time you smoke a cigarette, you may harm other people's health too. Other people who breath in smoke may die because of lung cancer and other diseases. The second reason is smoking can be addictive. When you smoke a cigarette, you will want to smoke more and more. You may use all your money to buy cigarettes and have a financial problem. Another reason is that when you smoke cigarette or tobacco, other people will not want to be your friends. Everybody knows that smoking cause bad smell and other bad things. So, they not want to be with persons who smoke and avoid talking with them. The final reason is that smoking can cause bad smell in restaurants. All customer in restaurant will not enjoy their eating and will not come to that restaurant again. So an owner will get less money and have to close a restaurant. In conclusion, for these reasons, I believe that banning smoking is a good idea.


I think smoking should not be allowed in public places. Smoking can harm everyone in the restaurant. According to scientific studies, smoking harms second hand smoker's body more than the smoker. Unlike smokers, second hand smokers do not have a choice to breathe the smoke that may cause heart disease, asthma and lung cancer. Smokers should not involve innocent people in their unhealthy choices. Moreover, children have a higher risk of receiving the negative effects of smoking their developing lungs and their small control over their surroundings. Furthermore, cigarette smoke can also cause q cancer to innocent people and other disorders to various types of people. This is based primarily on the fact that second hand smoke is a health hazard, but it can also be argued that allowing people to smoke in public only perpetuates the habit and encourages others to take it up, thus adding to the health hazard in the long run. The private sector is already addressing the issue on a case by case basis, banning smoking in the workplace in many companies. Those who believe there is a problem may create a smoke free area for customers or workers, or workers can demand that their place of business be entirely smoke free. Still, the government should take further action to protect the public where companies do not, including in shopping areas, workplaces, theaters, restaurants, and anywhere the public gathers. Allowing smoking on the street in fact encourages smoking, and discouraging smoking should be a primary effort for the public and private sectors to reduce the health costs paid by both.


Nowadays there are addicted to smoking cigarettes. There are many smokers and non smokers in the country. From being treated different publicly to being looked at differently in terms of health, both smokers and non smokers have their own opinion. Just as smokers attend social events so do non smokers. A few examples of the social events attended are: bars, clubs, concerts, restaurants, bowling alleys, etc. Smoking is allowed at most of these events. Whether or not you are a smoker, you will endure a cloud of smoke or come home with the faint scent of smoke on your clothes at one time or another. Then what should we do? Why don't you imagine you and your family are at a nice restaurant, waiting to enjoy a great meal, or so you think? As you lean in to take that first bite, a cloud of smoke surrounds you, your family, and your food. A big topic being brought to attention these days is whether or not smoking should be banned from all restaurants. Smoking in public areas should be taken into close consideration. There are many reasons of why this is brought to attention. These include the harmful effects it can have on all people, smokers and non smokers, as well as the environment, which most people would not consider. There should be rules enforced for smoking in public places. Smokers just do not know the negative influence they are spreading. I am not a smoker, and I cannot stand having the stench of smoke on my clothes. The smell of smoke is not harmful, for a smoker to be allowed to smoke in public is a crime. That might be a good idea but I can't do anything about it.


I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I was the one who ever smoked the cigarettes but now I quit them permanently. Smoking is very harmful to health but some people choose to do, though they knew the danger of it. I understand that the symptoms of people addicted to cigarette but they are not supposed to interfere with another customer in restaurant. In some restaurants that set at outdoor is acceptable to smoke at areas that far from people, but on the other hand in a restaurant with air condition the owner restaurant should be held smoking areas for smokers. Because the customers who do not smoke want to eat delicious food along with a good view and some people that allergic to smoke. I have opinion that the smokers should to reduce smoking and quit smoking in the finally because cigarettes did not have any benefit and they also make you and people around you got lung cancer. In conclusion, in truly the smokers should not smoke in the restaurant because restaurant is the place that people come to eat food but they should smoke in smoking areas that prepared for them.


In my opinion, a person who is smoking is a very bad person and not a good guy. Smoke is incorrect way to relax because if you smoke and smoke as much as you can cigarette will damage you health as fast as you smoke. From the research that I read from a newspaper said a person who is smoke a cigarette 3 envelop per mouth they percentage of good health will decrease 70 80 percentage. So if you always to smoking cigarette you will die before an appropriate age. Otherwise the way to decrease and protection of smoker I think the governments have to create a role and this role have to strictly prohibit. And can control a factory where make cigarette to make a cigarette decrease more than current day. But nowadays human created a cigarette which not damage health of people it called electronic cigarette the type of cigarette is a make form metal and use a light instead of tobacco line. However, there's no guarantee for people who use the electronic cigarette in long period that would have any side effect. They might face with the danger of exploring of the battery or the problems of the electronic. Personally, I wish all people to stop being something bad such as smoking, drinking etc so they will live healthy and longer.


Smoking Nowadays, Smoking was a big problem in our world even if Thailand. It causes many problems in our society such as crime. ( Even though they did not have enough money to pay for cigarette, they'll try to thief from others. Apart from these, the important problem is about their healthy. So I agreed with this topic. Smoking is unhealthy for lungs. It let their lungs to work hard so their life might be shorter than others. Nowadays, we have noticed that the average of smoker age is lower. To compare with the past, smoker age is higher. Most of them are the aged. This is only the problem that smoker is received but a person who surrounds them got a problem too because of smoggy. It was very unhealthy to the respiratory system. She/he will get a cancer so I think it was not fair for them. Several who smokes in the past was only man but nowadays are adolescences and woman. I think a woman who smoke is extremely ugly. It did not suit her. For women if they smoke too much, their face and their healthy must be change. They might older than the age they are. We should promote more about smoking. There are many way to do such as by advertisement. Letting they know the disadvantage of its.


Restrictions on the time, place and manner in which public smoking may occur have been increasing over the last several years. While the early focus of anti smoking initiatives was on consumer education and industry advertising restrictions, over the past two decades, smoking opponents have increasingly taken their battle to state and local governments, seeking prohibitions on smoking in a wide variety of public establishments. Advocates of these bans claim to be protecting the nonsmoking public and workers from the adverse health effects of secondhand smoke. Opponents of smoking restrictions dispute the existence and/or severity of these adverse consequences and claim that bans have the unintended consequence of hurting business. Nationwide, the number of local communities implementing full or partial bans on smoking in public facilities – including worksites, bars and restaurants – has increased more than eight fold over the past two years. Of course, there will always be holes or vagueness in passing bills and making rules. It is uncertain whether the bill would allow smoking on open air decks and patios, and it's not clear whether anyone could light up on an outdoor deck that was screened in the summer and heated in the winter. To allow to have smoking or not, so, it can depends on many reasons and factors. If there will be smoking in the restaurants, the owners should establish the regulations and do something that smoking cannot harm the innocent customers.


I feel to agree with the heading Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because, in now have a person smokes cigarettes to increase have that sell more and more. And the majority neglect to follow the law that prohibit sell a cigarette to a child age lowers 18 year. Since, the youth age 15 only year go to until the middle age. Because, now communication that modern Technology movie advertise all there is smoking cigarettes for the show is nearly true. Someone from environment state that exist for example in the slum a friend who the school and the social associates with around. The youth sees a person smokes cigarettes in the television then thinks to look good then take the precedence. The youth someone smoke for oneself is accepted in the group of friends. Make we will meet to meet a person smokes cigarettes at a lot of public. Now have the arrangement stands the place for give a person enters to smoke cigarettes. Since, area the department store food shop gas station bathroom and the public park. Make us will feel to feel annoyed. because, stinking smell of cigarette smoke will float to come to is appetizing us the time has is having a meal the time walks to shop for the time reaches a bathroom or even if we are sitting leisurely in the public park. I see the events is liking this to many until times is unarable then must flee to sit the elsewhere. I then think to have something the The Secretariat of the Senate will should very to much refrain from smoking in the food shop anyway.


I think smoking should not be banned completely at all the restaurants in the country, but it should be controlled at all the restaurants in the country. The restaurants should provide the place for smoking because the smoke from smoking disturbs the other customer if the restaurants do not provide the place for smoking, but if the smoking is completely banned anyone who addict smoking may be unhappy with lack of smoking and make them unhappy with dining. So I think it is good idea to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. There are a lot of people who addict smoking in the country. In present not only the men but women addict smoking also and the number of person who addict smoking is rising every year so it is bad idea to completely ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. Banning may lead to losing of business. the smoking problem should not solve with complete banning, it should solve with preventing access cigarette of person who have not addicted smoking yet. And it should have more intermediary to show demerit of smoking.


Cigarette is one of the things that cause harm to our body. The effect of it is destroy the lung then it normally that will quickly tired. Nowadays, people died because of smoking and majority of them were death from cancer. Most people smoking because of many reasons, some think it cool and some think it good smell, but it cause harmful more than advantage. It is not worth to risk life with the good smell or feel cool in a little period of time. Smoking cigarette is not destroy only smoker but it will destroy people around them too because when smoking the smoke that was spread out in the air cause it poisonous. In addition, people who receive this poisonous air will get harmer more than the one who smoke. It not only destroys the user life but also people all around them. I strongly disagree to allow smoking. Not only in all restaurants but should be all public areas. There should be campaign or policies to stop this bad tradition or behavior. Personally, smoking is not cool at all, and not even gives good smell. On the other hand, it releases very bad smell and destroy the air pollution. People should stop smoking but should do other things which will help the country to keep moving forward.


If I'm talking about smoking, I would have to say it isn't good thing to do. But today have many people do it, and do it in public. Badly, they are smoking in restaurants, where people eat foods, it doesn't good to do that I think. In Thailand we have a few people, who smoking in the restaurants, but in the entire public place we have more. I think smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants, and the entire public place, doesn't only the restaurants. And when smoking was banned by government or a lot of people, smokers will decrease. But we will have place for smokers to smoking, I think a small area or small room. It can't be like this because today we have a lot of people, who like to smoke, and some people love its. First I think we should completely banned smoking at the restaurant because smoking destroys emotional to eat, bad smell when eating it make me don't want to eat anything else. And there is a good first step to ban smoking at the entire public place. If smokers are conscious, we don't need to ban smoking in some place, just think should smoke in this place or not, just care people around you, just smoke in right place and just think of you family. Smoking isn't good with your life.


My opinion about this topic is it's good idea that has a good place for smoking. In the present have many people smoking include women too. And the restaurant in the country ought to find good place for smoking because they will smoking in the restaurant and it's make another that didn't smoking accept toxic fumes too. So if restaurant have little place for smoking I think its good way for solve problem. Or that restaurant might have an air vent pipe for release bad air out from restaurant. There are also another way to solve this problem such as showing sign for not allow smoking the areas, inform the customers in advance whether the restaurant provide place for smoking or not. If it is possible, as I mentioned, it is good idea to have spate room for smokers and non smokers. The air condition room should not allow smoking but if they wish to smoke in air condition room, the restaurant should find the way to release the smoke out of the restaurant. It is not idealistic but it is possible for practical. Many restaurants are successful for separating places for each kind of customers. So I think it is about the management of the restaurants, how much and cleaver they can handle it. it is not about to ban them but how to control them.


Agree with have prohibition smoke all country in restaurant. Because 1. Smoke could badger people eating in restaurant. 2. Smoke could damage to health people and self. 3. In restaurant is public and people. Should has respect to personality. 4. Smell and Smoke is damage are people. Which is danger Human's Body. 5. Don't Smoke in restaurant shall environment is be livable. 6. Smoke make is a pollution in the air. 7. Smoke could is a body odor. 8. May have fire from smoke. 9. Smoke is might image and vision in restaurant is look bad. 10. Smoking is a thing that is not appealing I don't like it. SO, I'm Agree with the smoking ban in restaurants. It is the restaurant of a service many people both young, adults, elderly and also the recess. If allowed to have smoking in restaurants. It may be a nuisance to others is very and the smell of cigarette smoke, it also resulted harm people nearby as well. Which is not beneficial to them. Therefore, banning smoking in public places or in restaurants is benefit for all people. So, Therefore, I refuse to have smoking in restaurants. Because it is something that is not good.


When I see someone smoking, I always walk to the other side from that person. I think it's really bad to be nearly because the smoke from cigarette can't make me feel relax or good. So I feel that smoking in the restaurant can be dangerous for people. In smoke there is carbon monoxide or ammonium which could make the problems for the earth. Perhaps it can make the fire when smoking persons aren't careful. And the smoke can increase the earth temperature. That leads to be the global warming. Because in our earth there aren't enough trees to absorb the toxic gas and recycle them to be the fresh air. Furthermore, smoking is bad for people who smoke and people who surrounded by them because they can get all smoke into their body and smoke can cause lots of disease such as cancer, lung, stomach, liver, spleen and cardiovascular diseases. Then their health will get down and their life periods will be shorter than they can hope. In the other hand, if the restaurants want to have spaces for smoking, I think they should separate this part far from non smoking persons. And they should have a system to clean and clear the air to be fresh air. There are many ways to do like that and the restaurant owners should have ideas. For me, I think the trees can do it. So I think we shouldn't smoke in the restaurant because we have to think about other persons around us and don't make them have bad health.


I don't agree with smoking. Simple reason because it's nonsense it doesn't do any good for you yourself and other people around you, even cause air pollution every time you light your cigarette. I don't really know why human love to hurt themselves I think the reason behind that only anthropologist can explain. I hate smoker, my dad is smoking, my stepdad is smoking too. Even if these two person don't smoke I will have to breath smoke from someone else anyway. As I said smoking doesn't do any good if you're smoker you will have dental problems like bad breath, yellow teeth. More than that your clothes will smell bad also everything in your house. Nonsmoker like me will hate you. Every time you light your cigarette you're shorter your life time, wasting your money on what will kill you with great pain in the end. You won't stay healthy if you smoke and the long you smoke the more health problem you will have. So why on earth people smoke? Why on earth you have to smoke? I will start to accept you if you quit it, alas everyone knows quitting smoke is not easy. Like Twain said "Quitting smoking is easy, I've done it hundreds of times. "


I agree that smoking should be banned in public places. There should be campaign. The campaign is something good, but I think the best is not good enough because in the fact there are many Thai teenagers are still smoking. Despite the many measures we are waiting prevent youth smoking. Because youth is a very dangerous age. They easily believe and follow train and fashion. It must be around the different types of violence almost every time such diverse group of friends. Friends of the opposite sex in the television, Internet, etc. if they choose to walk in the quiet peacefulness of the dharma, such as content assist working parents. Social support, etc. then after that the security of happiness and prosperity to quite strong. If you choose a path and then the opposite. It may be a victim of the evil next And the larger will often realize too late is bad. So the only thing I would like to propose we all realize there is. "The enhancements to mind, but does not mean that the psychological lift as high above the plain. Above all the men away. We just try to take precious little. I tried to pick books Dharma.


I think, Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, I hate cigarette smoke, it makes dirty others, it is disgusting, cigarette smoke not only, injure of who smoke cigarettes by oneself but it still injure the innocent who them no gets into with these thing. "you think, it is fair already!, with who don't smoke but they must participate to are responsible in the behavior of who smokers. " People die of terrible diseases from breathing other people's smoke, and it is bad for health of who smokers, smoking cigarettes causes the disease various kinds, which, make the body is born the going back looks shabby, such as, the disease footpath system breathe, the cancer the lungs. Another reason, I hate at my clothes has the smell of cigarette smoke because it makes me feels to are not cheerful, and feel dirty, the reason that smoking cigarettes should prohibited in the restaurants, in important all place or even in the public place because of the battle stirs others which other person will may don't like stinking smell of cigarette smoke, make the annoyance other people, may have the revelation prohibits to have smoking cigarettes in the public place, and the place have a lot of people. Finally, The cigarettes is habit   forming drug and it is illegal in some places. I believe it will help to make smokers quit smoking. If, they persistently, the government should have the penalty provisions of a laws completely for who disobey, maybe the health warnings or maybe these new laws will help them stops.


I very I think, we should exactly ban smoking in anywhere not only in the restaurant. On the other hands, We should prepare some place for habitual smoker because smoking has an effect for another people not only the smoker and make droop healthy. Everyone knows smoking is very bad things. It is bad for your health and for anyone that say beside you. Not except with your children Many people know these are bad things but they still smoke it. Nowadays smoking rate has high bend it breaks your brain and begin every disease. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country and every place because it can make people around who that smoking get dangerous. Moreover, I think the most people do not like the person that smoking because it is very awful. It has shocking things Female smoke the cigarette more than guy so we should campaign or ban it for protect, however I know I cannot ban everyone to stop smoking but we should prepared the place for the smoker. At the final, you should think before you pay in foolish things (I mean the cigarette)


I really agree with the this topic. Nowadays Most all of the restaurant have banned the smoking or had a special room for smoking and I really feel thank you to most of them because someone will occur the symptom of something when they get the smoke from cigarettes. Even though you don't smoke the cigarette by yourself but you get the smoke from someone near you who smoke the cigarette you also be dangerous too and if the girl that have a pregnant sitting in the restaurant that you are smoking It's absolutely that her baby will must get the dangerous from your smoking. I think it can possibly that if someone in the restaurant may be children or adults smell the smoke from the cigarette they can love it just one time or may be the children had seen you smoking and they think it was cool and smart and they took it to try and like it it would occur the many other problems like steal the money or do everything that they can do for have the money to buy cigarette and it can be the normal things for the other children that had seen who smoke it. Smoke from the cigarette can make the customers feel bad and bored and they might not come to your restaurant again and you will lose many customers and lose a lots of money that you have ever earn. However I think that it has many disadvantages of smoking in the restaurant than has advantages. Believe me all of restaurants please banned the smoking and I absolutely confirm that it will be good for you and other. To the smoking person please stop smoking or less smoking believe me and you will be fine.


Smoking is one of bad habits of humans. It causes many of diseases. And makes bad personality. But it's rooted in every society since former times such as Indian smoked to proof their brotherhoods. In nowadays you still see many people smoking in public places such as university, park, mall, on footpath, even in restaurant. So should it be ban? It's hard to say. But in my opinion some places should be not allow for smoking. In this case, smoking in the restaurants should be ban. Because of the restaurant is place that people come to eat happily not to come and sniff cigarette's smoke. They should come to eat nutrients not diseases. As I told at first smoking cause bad personality and disease such as lunge cancer or bad breath. But all of permission to allow or not allow for smoking is upon to each restaurant. If they give the permission to not allow to smoke in their restaurant may be they lose their smoker customers. But if they allow to smoke in their restaurant may be they lose other non smoker customers. It's all about profits. Even though, we can't order the restaurants or people who smoke to not smoke in the public places. But we can zoning for smoking areas. Or teach our children for bad of smoking. And we can raise them to be adults who don't smoke.


Before, I will conclude this topic. I would like to talk about some of my bad experience about smoke. The first time I went to America. I have found that 60 70 percents of American are smoke. I think they like to smoke as same as eating food everyday and some of my friend told me that smoking make them relax and calm down. I work in a steak house. I have a lot of friends. One day when we closed the restaurant. We has to mop the floor, clean table, clean grill, stock the products and etc. I know that it was a hard work to close the store and that day the crowd of the customers went to ate in our restaurant. It plus more hard because normally we started closed 10PM but that day, we started to closed at 12. 00 PM. Everyone knew that it was prohibited to smoke in the store but everyone 5 6 employees and 1 manager was smoked but me and my friend hate smoke. This restaurant was like a cigarette factory. It's make me headache. It's ridiculous for me that manager did not obey the rules. You see that we cannot stop people to smoke in restaurant. But it's good to prohibited because not everyone like smoke smell such as me. About to prohibited smoke are more good things than bad things. I know that restaurant have to response to the demand of the customers then restaurant will earn more money but restaurant must care the health of the customer too. This is the ethic of the restaurant. I agree to prohibit.


Cooking a healthful food from fresh ingredients is not enough for customers anymore. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for two reasons. One reason is its danger to smoking customer's health. The other reason is its bad effect to other customer. A cigarette contains a lot of chemicals which are not healthful for a smoking customer. It is true that they cannot make any acute sickness. However, they can be kept in smoker's body. They gradually harm smoker's health. Finally, a smoker will suffer a lot of health problems, especially his respiratory problem. A cigarette gives a lot of white smoke which makes an uncomfortable environment for other customer. The smoke can blur customer's sight and hurt his eyes. Moreover, the smoke contains a lot of toxic gases. A customer who gets too much smoke may feel dizzy. And chemicals in the smoke can be kept in his body and harm his health. So, a customer can have health problems as same as a smoker. For a smoker and other customers' good health, I recommend all the restaurants to completely ban smoking. Just show 'no smoking' signs, they can save their customers from bad disease.


I agree with this topic. In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned in everywhere because I hate to be a second smoker who receives smoke from the first smoker. That is unfair for people who do not smoke. But it is impossible to banned in everywhere because everyone has a right to do everything in law. Smokers have their rights to smoke in the place that is for smoking. Back to the restaurant, I think smoking in restaurants must be banned because smoke can make people upset and it can decrease the good smell of food. When people go to restaurant, they want to eat good food in good scenery. It is not fair if the good scenery will be damaged by the smoker. I think government should do more than ban because it is not the best way to solve the problem. Some smokers do not care and they break the law without realizing. Government ought to start a campaign for smokers to make them know that where they can smoke and government have to help them if they want to stop smoking. I think if government can stop people from smoking by telling them the disadvantage of smoking.


There can be several kinds of people in a restaurant such as kids, elders, teenagers, and adults. We can never know if someone has a problem with smoke coming out from cigarettes. But we all know for sure about the toxic elements in cigarette smoke which will never benefit your health and, of course, anyone else's too. And I don't think that smoking in the restaurant benefits at all cost. Many restaurants are not an open air, so if someone smokes inside the smoke can go around that area, everyone gets that smoke. Even the open air restaurants people who sit around a smoking person still can get the smoke. The person who smokes may not think that smoking is bad, or even not care about who is going to be effected when they light a cigarette. Besides, the percentage of non smoking people is much more than the smoking people. So if it is allowed to smoke in a restaurant, the non smoking people might not go into that restaurant. And that would be bad for the restaurant itself. The obvious example is me. Whenever I smell the cigarette smoke I would have a headache, and I will walk out of that area with no hesitation. Therefore, I strongly agree with the opinion "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country".


Have you ever been worried about your health when you have to stay near someone who is smoking? This question is for the people who love their health. Many of them have bad experiences about the smokers when they visit the public places such as the park, the amusement park and the department stores. The restaurant is the place that seems to face this problem even though there is a space for smoking. This cannot help decrease the problem because the smoker who doesn't have a good manner still smokes in the food area. When I go to the restaurant, I sometimes find that it is boring to sit near the table which people are smoking. The bad smell destroys my appetite for the food. I also concern about the health problem. I have known that people who do not smoke will receive the bad smoke which can cause the cancer. In my opinion, in Thailand all the restaurants should ban smoking. There should be the penalty for the smoker who smokes in the public area especially in the restaurant. This will help decrease the health problem of the other people who do not smoke.


When you list the serious problems of the all restaurant, the subject of smoking is right up there with the big ones. Smoking is annoyed for many people in restaurant. Many people think that smoking in restaurant is loutish. Smoking in restaurant, it causes lung cancer, heart disease and may complicate pregnancy. Smoking not only smelly and foul the taste of the food and image of the restaurant is not too good. A smell from a cigarette will combine with a smell of food. That will be the end of the restaurant. The law should make this problem disappear. Like it or not, it's inevitable that smoking will be illegal in all restaurants. This law takes effect for all restaurants. If you go inside a restaurant and the only thing you see is a smoke. Do you still want to have some meal there? Imagine that you have some food in front of your face and you are going to put something in your mouth. Then some people that sit next to your table take out a cigarette and stir up. The waiter may not see everything in the restaurant clearly which can cause an accident even to the waiter or to costumers.


Smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurant in the city. Most of people now are smoking in everywhere that they want. So, it is a good thing to make a label in the place where cannot smoke. There are many reasons that support about the topic. First, It is good to ban smoking in the restaurant because the smoke of cigarettes can be danger to the customers while they are eating. Second, the restaurant is a public place so, it not suitable for allowing about smoking, because when the customers come with their children, it's not a good sample for them to see. And someday in the future those children may be copy that bad behavior. Third, if the restaurant is famous but, there have a smoking people in their area, it will make the customer think that this restaurant is not clean. Forth, some customers who is a healthy person come to have a meal and see a smoking person. They will not like and have a bad felling to your restaurant so, the owner's of the restaurant should be check all around the area to see that it is a clear area or put the no smoking's label in front of the restaurant. It will be better if it can be banned in all the public places.


There are several way to destroy your health. People always do it even if they know how bad it is. For example drinking alcohol eating disorder going bed late and last but not least smoking. In Thailand, we can see people smoke in public place like on the bus, in the park, or even restaurant. Smoking in the restaurant is not allowed in some restaurant. In some restaurant, they have the forbid tag of smoking on the door. Everyone know well about smelling the smoke. It is not destroy smoker but it also destroy the people who is sitting nearby. In Thailand, we should ban the people who smoke in public place by go way from them and leave them alone. This way will make them have no friend. The important problem of smoking in public place is smoking in the restaurant. In spite of having forbid tag in front of the restaurant they still do it. The restaurant owner should fine them or maybe the owner should charge two time of the price of food that they have ordered or service them unpressured. This is also the government responsibility too. They should have a very high measure to fine them or them manage with the people who do not know the social manner.


I strongly agree with this. In my attitude I think smoking is very dangerous because it can damage smokers' selves and people around them. Toxin substances in the cigarette can cause a lot of bad effects to their health such as lung cancer, cancer in mouth, heart disease and gastritis. Furthermore, it will make smokers haven't good personality and outlook. Smoking in the restaurants should be not allowed because the people who are in that area will become second hand smokers. Second hand smokers are victims that are damaged by smoke from the cigarettes although they don't smoke. It's unfair. The people will risk if they have a meal in the restaurant that has smoking. In addition to the people will be moody and unhappy when they smell smoke. The smokers ought to smoke only in the areas that are allowed. The restaurants are the public places so smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The most people who don't smoke should not get bad effects with the smokers. There must be strict rules for compel the smokers. If they don't follow, they must be punished. The effects from the cigarette are important events thus we shouldn't neglect.


Smoking is very bad to health. It has only one advantage that is making smoker happy. It causes many diseases such as, lung cancer etc. It not only damages the smoker but all people who are near smoker. I'm the one who is very hate smoking, hate someone smoking near me and I don't think that smoker is good looking because I'm annoyed its smell. I want government to solve this problem as soon as they can, so I agree to that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because most restaurants have room that air conditioner is installed, so if someone smoke, All people in that room can smell. I think that if smoking can't be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, it should have zone for smoking and if someone smokes in the room that inhibits smoking, he must pay a fine. I also think that in the other public places should have smoking zone because most people are annoyed smoking smell and it also damage anyone that he doesn't know. Finally, In my imagine, I want to see the reducing number of smoker in Thailand because I want all people to have a good life and have a white city.


It should be banned, definitely. And the reason is, smoking is dangerous to not only the smokers, everyone who's standing near the smoker also suffers from the 'might of the nicotine' too. However, there're still more of things I want to talk about it. Okay, let me talk about this topic a bit more. As I've already stated above, smoking should be completely banned because of its 'smoking dangerous' characteristics, and it should find its edge of extinction as soon as possible. Smoking is like a suicide, you know? Because the more you smoke, the sooner you'll meet your maker. If you aren't dead, then some parts of your body may be devastated by tar and nicotine. These substances are the harbinger of cancer and other kinds of diseases, which are more than potential to kick you to the graveyard or the cremation site. It really is dangerous as I've said, I dare say. Oh, I've almost forgotten one thing; smoking also causes the weather bad, full of bad smelling smoke isn't a good thing for your health. That's it, that's the reason why the restaurants owners all over our country should ban smoking from their working places. And those smokers should find another ways to relax themselves from tension and other things that make them feel discomfort. Case closed.


disagree with smoking cigarettes, because, smoking cigarettes is bad build the health, not only, oneself only but, still bad build a person with around, in a cigarette participates to assemble of a substance tar, stay with if, who take enter for long ago as a result, will cause the disease differs. The a lot of, poor might make can die finally, in now have person smoke cigarettes greatly, both of a man and a woman, The many people then think to get into trouble usual, and that be amazing be, there is a student who is a woman smokes cigarettes more and more, might born from the cause that is eagerring to know wants to test the efficacy of the talisman teen age, until cause wrong popularity or, on the other hand be, touch a friend induces but, that the a little part, pillar cause, screen uncle urges at a guardian who behaves to are the precedence to a child, neither will the direct way, or, The indirect, such as, might give a child goes to buy a cigarette comes to give, or, make see formed type, if, we will want to solve TRUE this. We should begin at a family before is first, then, softly correct other part next. Second part is friend group that us will should must give the attention understands him too much explain that, an anything should do an anything should not make him understands by best way and don't make him feel to force or, embarrassed.


What does smoke cigarettes is mean, in my opinion the words that mean is thing to danger of life, bad for healthy and it causes lung cancer. However many people knew very well and not like also me. Last year ago some people is severely ill as the result of air pollution from breathing other people is disgusting. They are also right in saying that smokes are important for your life and people is around. Maybe a die of terrible disease from breathing other people is smoked. Otherwise in public places may full up dangerous and calamity. It is the quietly killer of livelihood. This is reason and causes for stopped smoke might you are unhappy afterwards. So, should be banned in public places and restaurant. I also hate it when my clothes smell of cigarette smoke. could I called manager in shop and drive away now. Might badly for him but it is impolite man and destroy event because many people have a spent time. Finally, when I goes to public place such as restaurant, Movie Theater, concert hall etc. I will ask a question to him is you know me If the answer is no. I ask a question in return is why you harm to me. As you can see, whenever not smoke and made until habit you are the good man of pleasant social.


Normally, when you happen to eat out with your family or your friends, what you'll look for is just a fine restaurant. Suppose that you are eating a very yummy dish in the finest restaurant in town but, you can smell smoke form cigarettes instead of yummy food. What will you do? And do you think that smoking is ruining your dinner? In my own view, smoking should be banned everywhere. In other words, every exception for smoking should be abolished as well. Firstly, I can not see any advantage of smoking. Instead, smoking only cause health trouble no matter who is smoking or whoever who happen to be near a smoker. Nicotine in the cigarettes just makes you addicted to it, and hard to stop smoking. Secondly, the smoke from the cigarettes pollutes the atmosphere. Lastly, you will never be good looking with a cigarette in your mouth. Due to the fact that smoking never gives us any benefit moreover, bad smell, diseases and ugliness are the things left for people after smoking. Finally, smoking should be banned in every way. It is not just in the restaurants but in every single place for the better appearance, the better place and the better opportunity in one's life.


What nutrient you get from smoking? I see nothing good for my health from smoking. Those who smoke are very unhealthy and are banned from people who don't smoke. Whoever is good looking always looks bad when smoking. Nowadays smoking is banned in many places such as at schools, hospital s especially at restaurants. And I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants because of two reasons. First, restaurants should be places for meal time not for smoking time. Everyone would like to enjoy meals without smoking. We all want to smell delicious food rather than cigarette's smell. Is the cigarette more delicious than food? If someone thinks it is, please get out off restaurants and enjoy smoking. Second, smoking destroys good atmosphere at restaurants and very bad for people's health especially people who don't smoke. They smell cigarette's smoke which is a second hand effect and cigarette's smoke affects people's health. If those who smoke use their money they spend on buying cigarette to buy healthy food, how healthy they are and how longer their lives will be. In short, there should be serious rules to control people who smoke. If they want to smoke, please get away from healthy people and enjoy their smoky world. People can be good looking without smoking. So, better give up right now. You will be one of charming people.


Today, We always see the people who are smoking in the public place such as park, restaurant, bus stop because they think that smoking is usual, but these idea is not good for the teenager. Teenagers like to follow the action from the old people, and they will believe that the older people is good, so they should be consider about their behaviors which is better. In younger people, they are smoking because they think its smart and cool that reason make the social are full of the cigarettes. Teenagers think that smoking make them look good and attractive. So, the government should make the campaign to show more bad result about smoking. The government must consider about the policy to stop people to smoke in public place. The labels that write no smoking are now stuck around the pubic place. The government tries to warn people to stop smoking. It can help the environment because the numbers of people are because lower. It makes the government feel happy, but it's not longer. Some people are not following, so the doctor effect for the people who smoking for many years and hoe to protect yourself from the smoking area.


Smoking, it's not extremely good for the public. It's should be banned for many public places where too many people are there. Because when one smokes, the others who don't smoke may be unsatisfied. The place where the smoking should be banned for the first place is restaurant. There are many restaurants where the smoking can be allowed. In my opinion, there are many reasons that it should not be allowed although that restaurant has the smoking area. When one smokes the cigar, it's sure that it will have too much of smoke in the air. The smoke can be in the air and can through from the smoking area to the inside of the restaurant where too many people are having their food. The smoke of the cigar can be caused of unhealthy, especially for the very little children, anyone who has the problems about the respiratory system, or an old people. They are too little to breathe the smoke and too unhealthy. It isn't good image for the restaurant. When the smoking can be allowed in the restaurant, that restaurant may be missed the clients because of disliking of the personality. He may dislike the smoking of his reason, so he doesn't want com into the restaurant where the smoking be allowed. The smoking isn't good for the public, for example in the because of many reasons, such as unhealthy, image or the reason of the personality and so on. Therefore; it shouldn't be allowed.


I strongly agree with that because it is a big problem nowadays. Smokers spend a lot of money to buy cigarettes. In spite of they know cigarettes have many disadvantages, they still smoke. I don't know the advantages of cigarettes, but I know the disadvantages of them well. Smoking destroys our health, especially smokers' health. Smoking causes cancer. Smoking causes pollution. Now there are many smokers around the world. A number of new smokers are increasing everyday although cigarettes are very expensive. Cigarettes are not useful things. In the restaurant must not have smoking area for people are healthy and smoking must be strictly prohibited because smoking makes people in the restaurant don't enjoy their meals, feel bad, and sick. Atmosphere in the restaurant isn't clean. However other places should not have smoking area for reducing amount of new smokers and people will be healthy. I always think that environment and atmosphere are very important. People don't want to smell the smoke of cigarettes during they have dinner. They want clean atmosphere. I feel bored every time when someone smokes near me. If all restaurants in the country can do that, environment in those restaurants will be clean exactly. People will be healthy, impressive, and happy forever.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because it can make people around who that smoking get dangerous material that can make who smell smoke intake to the body and make them are many cancers. Moreover, I think the most people do not like the person that smoking because it has very bad smell and dangerous for the internal organs in body. The person which one that smoking is like damage them family and the persons that they love. Especially, the result that will happen to them most and there are smell and yellow nail because somking always can make bad material destroy them internal organs and it can make the person that smoking look more old than age. Smoking can make a lot of disease as soon as they will die. Nowadays, there are the person that increase smoking so we should turn to campaign or ban it for protect who do not smoking if we can do it, we will happy and good healthy. Lasty, it also is dangerous for fetus is defective that they was born can be the future of country. Smoking are not important and pay the money with thing that not useful. You should bring the money that you can find it came for give your child and you can more happy than smoking.


In my opinion smoking should definitely be banned in public places as it not has effects on the many non smokers. Besides, many youngsters are fascinated by the act of smoking which may later develop into a habit. Everyone knows cigarette is bad. We feel terrible when member in family is smoker. Cigarette destroys smoker and his family. Men smoke cigarette more than women. However, women tend to smoker cigarette increase. Every country fight people to discontinue smoking cigarette because it makes to be ill. So it is true that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It's smell destroy smoker and people in general. Pollutant of cigarette adheres food and drink. In addition, pollutant of cigarette adheres clothes. Pollutant of cigarette is dangerous. When infant get pollutant of cigarette, it destroys nerve. Smoking cigarette make nicotinism. Nicotinism causes that nicotin is in body too many. The smokers should stop smoking cigarettes for their family or themselves. our laws should not say that the purchase of cigarettes is legal, but actually smoking them in any public place is not. I do believe that a smoker should do so responsibly and with respect to those who do not smoke.


Drugs or agents addiction are the important problem in society of Thailand, especially are cigarette smoking and alcohol drinking. Because of both cigarette and alcohol were accepted from government to allow using them. A lot of Thai persons were addicted them, more than 10 millions person. But the problems for cigarette have more than alcohol drinking. Because of cigarette has an impact to cigarette smoker health and person around smoker. But Alcohol drinkers have health problems only themselves. It can't produce health problem for persons around drinkers. Cigarette has many toxic substances and teratogenic substances. These can affect to personnel health, such as respiratory diseases, cardiac and vascular diseases, cerebrovascular disease, peptic ulcer disease and carcinoma (especially lung cancer). Cigarette may be increasing rate of respiratory tract infection, chronic lung disease and carcinoma for persons around smokers. Thai government had launched Law to control smokers. Smoking has been completely banned at public places, such as hospital, cinema, restaurant, garden or park. Especially in closed space such as cinema, restaurant was has many problems of personnel health. Because of toxic substances from cigarette smoke were in closed space, it can't ventilate outside the space. Persons in restaurant or cinema were received those toxic substance. They inhaled toxic substance to respiratory system and distributed to circulation, and produced health problem both smoker and non smoker. These may be increasing rate of respiratory tract infection, chronic lung disease, cardiac disease, stroke, carcinoma for Thai peoples. This is Thailand problem in the future, especially for people health and economy.


Strongly agree because Restaurant is a source of community. Restaurant is a place where people of all ages to service. Smoking in is not celebrity a location and others are toxic substances from tobacco smoke inhalation and create a boring to others. The stop smoking in restaurants is good and the prevention of diseases of the respiratory system disorder is another way And the amount of air pollution reduction. In restaurants should be ban on smoking in the restaurant or may be the only place for smokers to completely odor out of brit fate outside to avoid disturbing those in the restaurant. So I agree for Stop Smoking in restaurants in the country but to make possible very difficult, it should start from the campaign to reduce quitting smoking in the family, which will can result in the larger community. For the stop smoking in restaurants is to reduce the spread of a toxic mold from smoking in one and good for those who had to eat out every day. For restaurant owners should be organized in support of banning smoking in their restaurant. When everyone realizes penalties and disadvantages which will arise in the future it will all have to pretend fear of possible danger. Therefore, we should work together to provide all the security in the lives of everyone and happy in life today.


Nowadays, many people realize on the wicked things of smoking, and as we've known that smoking isn't good for everyone. It can cause a risk factor for lung cancer, and heart attack. It also make the smoker has bad personality such as, bad breath, and the people who smell smoke can also be the lung cancer. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking will make other people around the smokers are upset, and couldn't eat. But if the smoker want to smoke, they must go to area for smoking that the restaurant has organized or go to the area that has nobody. Although I know that the smoker will say that they smoke because they are stress or there's nothing to do, I think they should do something that is positive things instead of that. But the best way that the smoker ought to do is they ought to stop smoking. For at least, they will be strong people or they should do for people who love and concern them. So they should think that other centered not self centered, and then they may understand the others, and don't smoke again.


Smoking should be ban completely in all the restaurant in the city. Smokers claim that is helps them to relax and release stress, but smoking is an experience habit and it should be banned. Cigarette smoke is a health hazard for both smokers and non smokers. However, cigarette smoking over a long time, it can grow lots of types of disease. It is a major cause of respiratory diseases such as lung cancer and bronchitis. It also leads to heart disease. Cigarette smoke affects the health of non smokers and pregnant women. Then smoking during pregnancy can hinder to growth of fetus and may even result in death. Non smokers soften suffer from eye and nose irritations, allergies and headaches as a result of inhaling smoke. Therefore smoking should definitely be banned so as to make in all the restaurant in the city a better place for everyone. We all know smoking in not healthy. Unfortunately, when smokers can smoke in restaurants, they can make other people sick. Of cause, banning smoking in restaurants will help non smokers. It will also improve the smoker's health. It is a good idea to ban smoking in all the restaurant in the city because it can reduce conflicts. Non smokers tend to get annoyed and jealous because smokers have an excuse to take frequent breaks. Thus, smoking cause numerous illnesses and banning smoking in all the restaurant in the city is a very good rule. It will increase productivity and reduce conflict.


Smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, smoking is not good for smoker's health and people's health that be around them. Especially in the public place such as the restaurant where have a lot of people who want to eat a delicious food, they must get the toxic chemicals including arsenic ammonia, hydrogen cyanide, formaldehyde, benzene, and vinyl chloride that cause cancer, heart disease, and respiratory problems. The smoke and smell from cigarette may interrupt people who are eating and make surrounding around the restaurant to be bad. Moreover, it is not good for children to see people smoking because it might lead them to believe there is nothing wrong with smoking. Now there are smoking sections and nonsmoking section in the restaurant, but there is nothing to physically keep the smoke in the smoking section and some restaurant ignore this separating section just like a lot of places forget to close the door between the sections. Smoking has an affect on personality, health of the smoker and including to people around the smoker. To sum up, smoking should be completely banned not only in all the restaurants but also all the public place.


Everyone knows that the smoking is harmful to the body. Smoking can cause many diseases such as lung cancer, heart disease, etc and may cause disease to people nearby, too. We may be seeing the campaign in various media, to stop smoking. Moreover, smoking in public places should not be very, especially in a restaurant as a place where many people, Smoking is harmful not only to us but harm the people around you. In restaurant, may have many non smokers. Smoking may cause people are not satisfied. We should not be smoking in restaurants and the public. But it is difficult to ban smoking in restaurants or public places. We should campaign for stop smoking in restaurants and public places. A campaign has several ways, such as ads on television, roadside advertising, etc. It just is not enough. It still need to get advice from the family. Receiving training from a family may be the first thing to should do to reduce smoking. Currently, most restaurants have no smoking in the restaurant. It also has laws that ban smoking in public. These can cause people to quit smoking in public and restaurant more. But, it may not go away if we do not maintain the country's regulations.


I agree. In my opinion, I think many people want to sit in a clean restaurant. If you saw a smoker in restaurant you would go out. Because smoking has a bad effects on health. So it will be great if every one has cooperation. Many people want to sit in the clean restaurant. When you're eating. You don't want the smell of cigarettes. Sometimes feel bored with delicious food immediately. I think for smoker, if you want to smoking in the restaurant, you can get out. You should not damage the good feeling when a customer eating. Certainly. Smoking is bad for your healthy, whether you smoke by yourself or the smell from cigarettes disadvantage is on your own body. Many people who die from smoking relate a disease exceeds the total figure for deaths cause by breast cancer. Furthermore smoking is the most important cause of lung cancer. Smoking lung cancer is more likely. Non smoking, 10 as those who inhale tobacco smoke of other at risk of lung cancer. Finally. I think, if the government legislation on banned smoking in the entire restaurant, it would be regular. Although people are still smoking they should come outside because a customer does not want the smell. If everyone has cooperation, it will be protect both you and others


No, It should not banned all the restaurant. Because nowadays in this world in each country still has the smoker all around the corner. And they have the right to be the restaurant's customer. But I think the Government or any organization that may concern should build the law or rules about smoking in the restaurant it should have order to organize the specific area or build the small room for smoker in each restaurant. Or build the specific restaurant for only smoker. But in all of these cases the smoker should be aware and realize to the other that can be affected from smoking of them. But in the other hand, the Government should be strict with the law for smoker that smoking in the public place or the forbidden area. If they against the law they should be punished follow the law such as pay the fine. However in the best way every smoker should pay respect for the law and the other personal right and should be smoke in the right place and right time for good reason to spend the life in public place. And in every place not just the restaurant should be strict with law too. If anyone in any place find the smoker that against the law or rules they can sue or punished the smoker follow the law or rules.


I really agree with the statement "Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country" because smoking is a bad thing. It can harm everybody. In nowadays, many people still smoking. Moreover, Smoking not only harm smoker but also harm another people. Smoking is banned in many places. Smoking is so dangerous and has many disadvantages. Sometimes many children maybe smoke follow their parents or people around them. It is not suitable model for those children. Moreover, smoking can harm the environment too. It causes the Global warming and Green House Effect. The restaurants are the public that serviced many people. If smoking is not banned in the restaurants, it will have many effects to all people or all sides. I think that the government should do something for stop smoking such as, plan the project that can banned at all restaurants in the country or tell everyone that smoking has many disadvantages especially teenagers etc. Furthermore, Smoking cigarettes are drugs that can harm organs in your body. So, I think everyone should be stop and banned smoking. When someone smoking or something bad happen not only you sad but also another people especially parents will sad because smoking causes dead. So, Don't bring the bad thing causes you lost your lover. You should stop smoking or banned it before it's too late. In summary, I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned in every places!


I agree with smoking should be completely banner at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is the bad thing. But now a lot of people in the world are still do it. I think the reasons that cannot stop people to smoking are for example, in the family if the sons or daughters still saw his/her father smoking cigarette since they was young so they don't think that it was wrong, and now some of people who walk hard or maybe they would like to relax so they smoking immediately. Now smoking is just a fashion. Smoking no t only harm for smoker but also another people. Moreover smoking is cause the cancer which is the big problem now. So I think if the government has a project to banner at all the restaurants in the country it is extreamly good thing to do. Smokers don't have place to buy the cigarette so they cannot smoke. Another thing that government can do is to tell the people about disadvantages of cigarette. I think if everyone help together to banned smoking. This problem will disappear. Everythings cannot doing by oneself so if you don't know that your lover is died because smoking you must tell the person that you know to break with smoking.


Disagree Because Smoking in restaurants is not done. Because the noise in public. It also creates a bad atmosphere within the restaurant. And have a stinky smelly substance toxic to people nearby. If this type of toxic exposure is long term. May be Lung cancer is the accumulation of substances in the future. So should smokers suggests that smoking in front of the shop. Or restaurant should be smoking areas outside the restaurant so neatly. In order to take advantage of not violating the rights of others. By smoking in restaurants. And to those who come to the restaurant to eat a healthy and safe atmosphere, suitable for fresh eating. Eat and be happy. By now have legislation such as. Store food or drink that contains only the air conditioning system. Is non smoking type 1 is hundred percent non smoking. There are no exceptions. The regulation. The violation does not comply with the law is fine. The owners care places a fine of 20, 000 people who smoke in prohibited area will be a fine not exceeding 2, 000 Baht. Therefore, smoking in public places has adversely each now have legislation to protect people not to smoke. To physical security.


Agree with the smoking ban in restaurants. It is the restaurant of a service many people both young, adults, elderly and also the recess. If allowed to have smoking in restaurants. It may be a nuisance to others is very and the smell of cigarette smoke, it also resulted harm people nearby as well. Which is not beneficial to them. Therefore, banning smoking in public places or in restaurants is benefit for all people. Because of medical or people know that smoking is a dangerous thing, both for males and those who smoke inhalation is significantly affecting the respiratory system or organ in the body of many different. if smoking in restaurants as the absolute figure has many people in it to smell smoke inhalation are not as polite as beneficial to those, If there are prohibitions on tobacco in restaurants would occur as a result of good people in the country I can support and agree especially with how to prohibit or any shield driving occurred in a tough smoking or quit the smoking in restaurants occur and will result in nations growth much and in countries with better health Therefore, "I quit smoking than for yourself and those around. "


I think should not allow smoking in any restaurant that is good and correct, that should to happen as soon as possible. Because of information that I knew that sentencing of cigarette smoke is bad for others affect more people smoking. Even if the people who are pregnant have to inhale cigarette smoke and the result will be against the child in the stomach. That was that people who are smoking can harm the health of the people around you. Therefore, legislation is not allowed to smoke in restaurants all around the world. That is the best way to pressure in those who smoker is not the place for smoking. When smoking place less, that is an indirect force them to smoke the need to finally quit smoking. And the last, I think everyone can quit smoke for yourself and people around you. If anyone can quit smoking and will help themselves reduce the risk of lung cancer and heart disease. The heart disease, this disease is ready to kill all of you where you unaware. I hope that in the near future this law will come out to use real. Then it will have a positive impact on many people.


Yes, I agree with topic. Because smoking is negatively impact the health of the people who are close. And people get from cigarette smoke is unsafe. You can get sick easily because body don't have immune system. Especially at the restaurant. This place is many people. That should not be smoking. Because it is a public place. This is undesirable for others people. It makes the social loss and was an unsightly. Smoking is the cost entirely. We can take money from cigarette smoking is to do something important and necessary else. We should quit smoking because I think it does not matter. At the restaurant has so many people but we know that them was not sick, that smoking can harm the people living them. So smoking should not smoke in restaurants. People are strong and safe from smoke. If we can stop smoking, it will allow the nation to live and physical impact of smoking. Therefore, smoking at restaurants that do not smoke. Or if you want to smoke should be in place should smoke and not affect other people. The stop smoking in restaurants that The beneficial good weather. The restaurants would be to eat and people to eat it with pleasure.


I strongly agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays people smoking in everywhere. It can harm themselves and people around. In restaurant should have a sign that ban people who smoke or fine them. The government should play a hard role to punish people who break the rules. And the government should show them how much smoking harm themselves and how much money you have to spend for smoke. The government should restrict some area for smoking only. And fine anyone who breaks the rules. In restaurants, the public places for everyone who wants to eat out or for gather members of their family. It should be a happy time when members in family have dinner together. But it can be an unpleasure time when it have an unwanted smell in restaurant. In public places, should have some area for smoke only and fine them who break the rules. Smoking has many disadvantages not only the smoker but also family member and other around. Smoking causes lung cancer and other disease. Smoking should be banned permanently. If you addicted to smoke, you should force yourself to stop it. The government should help those who want to quit from smoke addicted. So, smoking should be banned in every public area.


Smoking is toxic. It's not pressure for anyone who has to breathe smoke of cigarettes that they don't do. People have rights for protect their health. So the government should make the law for this. I agree with Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And I think smoking should be completely banned at all not only the restaurants but also others public places such as hospital, school, university, office, park, mall, hotel, streets, sport club, etc. Smoking indoor is very terrible for non smoking persons. They want to be healthy and they also disgust with anything that can be unhealthy. In some countries, Banning smoking is work. It may be base on the law. If the government has absolutely penalty provisions of law, the population will afraid and do the right ways. No one would want to get the cancer risks for their life and it's a good manners for smoking in your places. I really know that stopping smoking is very hard. Smoking can also calls the addict who smoke only one always smoke increasingly. Another way to reduce smoking is fight for campaign, give information about smoking and teach student to know the bad result you getting when you smoke.


Cigarettes have substance that stimulate nerve it called "Nicotine" that is narcotic drug, appetite suppressant and poison. Cigarettes bring about effects to smokers and people around smokers. Effects from smoke of cigarettes is an important principal that harm people's health around the world, it cause smokers risk danger from diseases such as cancer, heart disease, congestive heart failure and emphysema. If a smoker is a woman, cause have more opportunity to risk for miscarry and baby who is born may have weight lower than usual, it cause smokers may look older than usual because smoke should increase wrinkles on your face. Smoking cause metabolism raise than usual, so it cause smokers lose their weight. Smoking cause smokers extravagant money to buy cigarette to smoke and treat sickness. Smoking is illegitimate if you smoke cigarettes at restaurants that have air conditioned, smokers and owner place must punish by fine at least 2, 000 bath. But at restaurants that not have air conditioned, restaurant must have suitable zone for smoking it called "Smoking zone". I think smoking should be ban in all restaurants in the country because cigarette have more effects about everybody health even though people who don't smoking and children. If you want to smoking, I think you should smoke at personal place such as your home or an office. It can decrease pestilential disease for people at public place. Smoking don't have anything good, if you are smokers you should stop smoking it will give you live longer than people who continue smoke.


I strongly agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country, in fact, in all of the restaurants everywhere in the world because restaurant is the place where people come for eat out so they want to enjoy their meal, enjoy their meeting, spend their time together, and etc. So restaurant should be the place that must be clean in every part as much as it can be. Smoking in the restaurant is such an annoying problem and it is not hygienic for other people who are in the same area with the smokers who do not care anybody else. Do not forget that smoking causes cancer not only the smokers will get sick from it but also the people who stay around the smokers because the air they breathe is not clean and it is full of the pollution from the smoking which will causes cancer even they do not smoke. So see that it is not fair for other people who just come and want to eat happily in the restaurant. I think, if possible, the restaurant should provide the smoking area outside of the restaurant to avoid the problem. In conclusion, for the people who love smoking, when you go to the restaurant, please go to the smoking area so that you can enjoy smoking just for yourselves.


Smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in the city. There are 5 reasons that show why smoking should be banned in all restaurants. First, restaurant is a public place that many family come to eat their meals. Smoking person will make a bad model for the children that come to the restaurant, annoying adult person that don't like there child to copy them, and not good for old person's health. So, the restaurants which want to keep family group customers must to banned smoking person or keep smoking zone in restaurant for them. Second, smoking will make some persons in the restaurant annoyed because they don't like smoking and they care about their health because smoking is harmful, and they don't want to take the smoke into their bodies. Third, smoke of the cigarette will make some chemical substances that will make another people meals be stained from smoke. Fourth, some person have smoking allergy, so they can't go to public restaurants that have smoking people. Fifth, smoking is a narcotic that all the world known, and it can make another person be addicted to smoking. So, there are the reasons that make smoking should be banned in the restaurants.


Smoking should be completely banned in all restaurant because in cigaratte has "Nicotine" which cause the cancer besides cigaratte'll affect for smoker, it'll affect to person who around with, So smoker should have responsible for public by don't smoke in the public place or community place and should smoke in the place where permitted to smoke. Smoking in the restaurant is regarded as smoke in the public place, If you smoked you'll ignore the right of other, So you should come out to smoke or smoke in the place where the restaurant permitted to smoke, if you disobeyed you'll get punished according to the law, you must pay the fine amount of 2, 000 bahts and the owner of restaurant must pay the fine amount of 20, 000 bahts if he doesn't dissuaded you, which this get into the trouble in the sense of law, Infact smokers should realized by themselves, which cigarette doesn't have advantage for themselves. To sum up smoking in the restarurant is selfishness because the other must smell the smoke, which dangerous for themselves, so the smoker shouldn't do that besides the smoking'll bring the affect for health, it'll consumed the assets by useless, So everybodies shouldn't smoke not only resteauant but should quit the smoking permanent.


Hey do you think smoking is cool? Well if you do then you will regret it later because not only will you possibly die but along with that you won t be very pretty. Now today a lot of girls and boys in their teens smoke now you may think so what but 5, 000 are under 18 and that means they could be 12 or going to the extreme 9. Now you don t have to have a cigarette in your hand to be smoking, if your parents smoke you get second hand smoke which is technically the same thing because you are still inhaling smoke actually even more. So now that you know a little of how smoking then here is a lot more. What I meant by if you start smoking then you won t be very pretty is not if you smoke for one day it s if you smoke for 10 to 36 years. Do you think that Julie Andrews got her wrinkles for smoking? NO SHE DIDN'T!!!!!! Her wrinkles came from age and wrinkles from smoking are a big difference. Because wrinkles from age are well from age, but wrinkles from smoking are because the tobacco settles in your sink. Think of it this way your thirty and you wrinkles ALL over that would be because you smoke. Or maybe your 65 or 75 then your wrinkles are ok.


I agree strongly about smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country because it is very dangerous, make everyone have not healthy body and mind and it has a bad consequence such as 1. It can make people be cancer in their lung. 2. It will make everyone that be around who is smoking may run away. 3. Its smoke will disturb all activities that people are doing. 4. It makes money decrease rapidly if we always smoke. 5. It makes food or beverage have a bad smell and look disgust. The government should manage about this immediately. By campaign smoking cigarette such as 1. Make people change their mind by running every day instead of smoking. 2. There are signs "Don't smoke here" in the restaurant or every place to warning who is smoking cancel to do this. 3. There are special places for smoking. 4. Stop selling cigarette for people who stand around the restaurant. Moreover, family is part of campaigning smoking. In family, only one in family can help relative to stop smoking by tell the result and many bad things. If everyone can do follow my opinion. I really sure that people in country will have a good healthy.


Smoking is one the main reasons that has killed a lot people already. Everyone knows that smoking does not give anything to our life, but it kills us slowly. Nowadays, smoking is already getting banned in every restaurant. But some restaurant still has a room for smoking. Smoking should be completely banned in restaurant because the smell of cigarette is so bad, and smoking can destroy your own health and everyone around you. Smoking is something that everyone should not try to start it. The first reason why smoking should be completely banned is because of the smell. As everybody knows the smell from smoking is really smell, it could make taste of the food gets worse. And it could make other customers upset when someone is smoking in the restaurant. The second reason is smoking can destroy your own health and other customers around you. Smoking can make smokers' health worse and also everyone around them. You should not risk having many diseases because of smoking, having a healthy life is better than that. Not smoking is the best for yourself and everyone around you. To conclude, smoking should be completely banned in restaurant because it makes a very bad smell, and it can cause many health problems to the smoker and others. Smoking should be banned for every place in country.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country. First of reason, smoke from the smokers can cause the lung cancer to person who lives or stays near them. Nicotine in tobacco causes lung cancer. The lung and respiratory system efficiency will decrease, and that can causes heart disease. Second, the smoke can kill infants. When smoke goes into the body it can destroy inner organic of infants, so the infants would be at an increase risk of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) if there are infants at smoker's home. The smoke causes respiratory infection, ear problems, and more severe asthma for infants. Both of two cases are called secondhand smokers. The secondhand smoker is another person who breathes the smoke from someone else, and got the effect of diseases. The third, the smoke make bad surrounding. It makes customers in restaurant annoyed, and do not enjoy eating with food. So, they will have a bad mood. All in all, smoking must be banned from our society. Not only it does cause lung cancer to smokers, but also effects to another person near them. If you are a smoker, you should give up smoking before everyone hates you.


