In my opinion, I think that take the part time job while be a college student is very important thing to do, because the part time job give a lot of experience and necessary skills that we have to use when we are an employer, labor or boss. The part time job will teach you that what you should do when you are in the part of company and it will teach how to change yourself to be like others. The part time job gives you an important thing that is you must com on time, because time is the important thing for the world of works. If you come to work late, it means you are make a serious problem to your organizations, so time is the important thing and you can not disagree that the part time job is not important for college students because the experience will gain from perform. It's not gain for trading or shop, so the experiences are similar with the boxes golden that you have to find and find it to make your box full, but the box of experiences does not the day of full, experience can increase anytime and anywhere if you want to do. Last the part time job is important for college student. Because it can make you be a perfect man.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. When we talk about the part time job, I usually think about the job in the internet that is not safety in everything such as, employer, task or process of work and money. Why I think that, because to work in part time job we doesn't know the employer before. However the part time job doesn't mean the job on the internet only but it means any job from anywhere. I think that a part time job is important to many people while it not important to many people also. The case of college students I think it not important to have a part time job because, we got a pocket money from their parents. Therefore, it not necessary to have a part time job but I don't mean a part time job is not good. I think that it very necessary for many college students also because, we must do not forget it at most of college students are poor. Therefore, they need to have a part  time job for get more money for pay daily life, it is very necessary for them. In conclusion, I think it depends on how necessary for working part time job, it is very personal reason to do that.


Why many college students decide to do a part time job although they can only learning and use their free time to rest. Some student must work a part time job because of their family credit, while others do a part time job because they want to. Personally, I think it's important for college students to have a part time job First of all, the students that have a part time job can get some money to share the work of their family and they can develop many important skills to become a good worker, such as responsibility, punctuality and self command. They also learn how to work with other people and gain many experience from older workers. Most importantly, when the college students graduate and want to find a job. The students who had a part time job in the past are more interesting than the other whom not. Especially, the students that did a lot of past time jobs for many years, it's a proof of diligence of them. However, there are some students who do a part time job brush away to learn in campus. They must to memorize that the reason why they are students is to learn to find a good work in the future. In my opinion, I don't think that do a part time job while learning can make any problems if they use their time worthily. In conclusion, I think that a part time job is the first step to the key of success.


In the college, there are many activities to do such as learning subjects, doing researches, making appointments, testing quizzes, reading papers, etc. The college student should do activities in the college because they will be helped the student can learn, play and work together appropriately. Some department of the student college is hard to pass graduated and get good grades. Because the student may spend many time or share time in period. That is not the college period such as weekend, holiday, long holiday, Sunday, etc. They might divide time properly and use time co together with the other such as friends, teacher, place, etc, In my opinion, having a part time in Thailand is not important for every college students. The student should do main tasks and there are many activities before more than have a part time job in student lifestyle. If you have the certainly free time, you may do a part time job. I think just only do activities of the student department and college, it is enough for the college student so It is not necessary for having a part time job in the college student. Part time job, it can do every time but tasks and activities in the college may do only once or certainly time. Part time may make you waste your effective progress in the student college.


If we do part—time job, of course we will have a good experience and we will get income by ourselves. Part time job is a good thing to do in free time especially in college students group because they have more free time and freedom to do anything that they want. In my opinion, part time job is a good thing to do and I think it is important for college students because they have many free time to do that and it will be a good experience for them. Though there are a lot of activities to do at their universities and each activity will give them the good experience put it is not enough if they have problem about money, they want to get more income so part time job is very important for people in this group. Another reason that support my opinion part time job is important for college students. There are we can help our parents to decrease the pay if we have income from part time job. However, part time job maybe not important for someone who very rich but it is a good chance to do for make a new experience and if you do it and when you get income by yourself that make you are so proud with yourself.


In college, students want to find something to do to have the new experience and money. There are many ways to find something to do and the best one is part time job. It is good for students to do the part time job because it will make the students get more experiences, students will earn money, and they may have the opportunities to get the job in future. Firstly, it is good for students to do the part time jobs because students will get more experiences. When students have to do the jobs, they will face many situations from consumers and the boss of them. They will have more patients and learn more to live with others in societies. Secondly, students will earn more money while they are learning. Part time job makes money for students too. Student will know the value of money and how hard they find them. From this, they will know how to use money and they will have money if they have to use it. Finally, another reason why it is good for students to have a part time job is they might get more opportunities for their works in future. If students work, they will meet many people. In addition, if the agency finds that this student is good at working, they can remember your name and reserve this student for doing the job when this student graduates. All in all, the students might strongly believe that to do the part time job is necessary and important. Because part time job can give more experiences, make money, and provide more opportunities for student in the future.


The students of college or university are teenage. They have responsible for everything. After study already, they have part time. So, should to have activity. Something is bad or good but you know? It is interesting. Because it is experience. It is outside of your class. You learn something. The job is good activity because you get strange experience and you can make money. My opinion about past time job of students. Government office should to support very much. Because it is good activity. They spend time for good. Get the many benefits. Like learn social relationship, take care the other people, etc. know what other people want and try to serve them happily. It is the process of training students to be as adults. They will learn from the managers and friends in the work. For example, if customer complaint about the company, how they deal with it. some customer may be unkind and ask for many things. It is how to keep patient and try to clam down but when trying to clam down, they must know the solutions. So I think the students when they have part time job they can be like adults learning how to work and deal with people.


At the present day, the economic keep on raising that makes cost of living also growing up. The costs of studying in the universities are rising up as well. These costs include semester fees, registration for credits, transportation fees, meals and so on. Some students who left their houses to study in the far distances or different provinces have to pay for renting the room in the apartment which is cost more than the students who come back home every day. The burdens of these go through their parents to earn more money not only to feed their children but also send their children to study in the higher education. A part time job is one of the options that college students can choose to relieve the burdens of their parents. So the college students have to make their decision to choose a part time job which is appropriate to their time of studying because they have to study hard and work along with studying. A part time job which is related to their study will be more advantage for them but sometimes those kinds of job is quite rarely to find. Therefore, many college students have not many choices to choose to work. Anyway, students have to get part time job to earn money for taking care themselves and save their parents' money. A part time job for college students now become very important for those who want to help their parents and earn experience while they are working. Sometimes their experiences they received worth enough for their futures. Although some college students are not in trouble for all costs but they eager to work to earn experiences and get money to buy things they need.


If you ask me Is it important for college students to have a part time job? I think I can't answer you directly. Because I'm the one who never have the part time job. But one thing that I can say is the part time job has two side of it. In positive, it will give you an experience in life. Example is when you have some problems, it will teach you what should you do to solve the problems, even if you might not like your job. Then you will know this kind of job that you took is your style or not. It the way that teach you how can find your please job in the future! In negative, you must study and working in the same time that can cause you so many problem. Your grade may be drop if your take yourself in the job too much. Or the problem about your study can make you worry when you work, then you can not work as well as you can. But somebody can manage it! They know how to use the time for their life not especially for the part time job and study but also for their friends, family, or may be their boyfriend/girlfriend. But not everybody can do that. So you can not say that have a part time job during you still study is good. This case of thinking is up to the person. You can say that is good or bad but there is no truly answer. The answer is the thing that you must find it with your self.


It is important for college students to have a part time job? Are you one of the students who have a part time job? What do you think about it? Nowadays, there are a lot of college students who have a part time job. Some people question it's important for students?. In my opinion it has three major benefits of college students have a part time job are work experience, save parent's money, use free time to useful. First, part time job is a way to Internship. This is important factor because in the future, when they graduate the students must have work. If they had a part time job before, they would have done better than others because they have experience more than others. Experience is one of the most important factors that necessary in a person's life. Saving parent's money is the second benefit of part time job. With the money that they get on part time job, students don't have to use parent's money. They can help their parents reduce expenses and they can save money to use in the future. Third, nowadays most of students use free time to play game and internet, listen music or etc that useless but if they had a part time job, they will use free time to useful. In conclusion, part time job has three benefits. It trains students for work in the future. The student can save theirs parent's money because they have an income and they will change theirs useless free time to useful. If Thai students can do these, how many benefit that Thailand will get?


I think college students should have a part time job for several reasons. First of all; they are different from the others because they have more experiences in their life. Working job has many problems to solve. If they can find out, it means they have a step to learn the meaning of life. Second, they may save family expenses. It is fact that part time job make a little money but it can help their parents to pay expenses in the house. Third, it can help them to know the valve of money. If they have a part time job, they will realize the difficulty to get money. Maybe they will spend less money because of this. Finally, if they have a part time to do, they do not have time do bed thing, for example, addicted the drug, drink alcohol, smoking etc. Fourth, the part time job give college student to know to adjust oneself because in the work have a many people who is relate to this job. If you don't adjust oneself maybe the job can't good. For many reasons above. I really agree with College students ought to have a part time job. At least they can help their family to save the cost of living.


I agree to have part time job. It reduces my parents work load and I can make my free time to be useful. And also get paid. And have experience. And part time job should be on a weekend or after school. And should not encroach learning can lead to a compensation payment of fees. I had to spend money for myself from capability and be very proud for own self. I think students in Thailand don't want to work, and it's not popular to work when studying. I think it's a good thing to do. but Thai students may want to learn more than work. We learn a lot, and it's very serious. When I have the test. I have to read many books. I and my friends have no time to go out or hang out. I don't understand why we study a lot. After graduate, we work in company and get pay not too much. I think some part time job is very good. But when we study we have to be a trainee in some company. But we don't get paid. But we have certificate to guarantee our self. If we want to have more money, we should try to do part time job. There are many restaurants here, we can have tips and we don't worry to ask with parents.


I think that it is so good to have part time job while being a student because college students were experienced from their works. We learn about the system in the organizations. So when we grow up we can apply the experience in our organization. To make friends, and deal with difficult situations, are things we can get from part time job also. We can practice language if we work in restaurants, fast food, brand name shop, foreign organizations. Some friends are rich from working part time job. Nowadays, SME, MLM are very popular, some of people who have this part time job, they don't work but try to find more net work and sell products. Someone may don't like it but I think it's better than doing something illegal. But I don't work, I can't manage time. I have to focus on my study only because if I have a good grade I can have a good job. Also, there are too many books that I have to read, some time I can't read all of them but because no time for that. I want to work some day, but I think if we chose to work part time job, we should handle the study. Study is the first thing our family want us to do and then have to find job. Going step by step may be good for someone. But if you think you have to work, you have to care study too.


In my opinion, it is not important for college students to have a part time job. First of all, it may make worse learning because some people can't break time spend time to work more than learning. Functions of college students are learning. Should study hard and do to the best. Another reason, students are responsible for studying, not working so the part time job maybe get I can't do duty well. Moreover, working part time job is dangerous. Although part time job make experience for life but, if it is a bad experience it will make despond. It can make some students failed in their study and some of them need to quit school because the grade is not meet the standard of the policy. The duty is the main idea for having a part time job. For poor students, there are many scholarship from the governments, organizations, university that provided for them. if they think they want to study only but in the same way they want to help family about payment for study fee, they should ask for the scholarship rather than go out to work. But if they think that they don't want to have a debt with the governments, they should try to do some work but should not work too much till the study is failed. In conclusion, part time job must not for college students.


In some countries, teenagers have jobs while they are still students. Do you think this is a good idea? Support your opinion by using specific reasons and details. Generally, young people have many important tasks to do in schools. They have to study several stressful subjects and join in a lot of helpful activities. Personally, I think that although teenagers work hard in schools, they need to have jobs to get a great experience that they can never found in schools. First of all, to help their parents, young people should do part time jobs. Nowadays, many businesses provide suitable positions and reasonable income for students. For example, I used to work with Mc Donald as a cashier when I was a student in high school in Bangkok. This position required me to work 21 hours per week and paid me about 700 baht. With this money, I could have an expense for traveling cost from my home to my school. It might not large money, but I felt proud that I could help my parent with this money that I belonged. Finally, not only can teenagers learn how to work with other people, they can also learn what they actually like. The more jobs they participate in the more chances they obtain to know different characters of different jobs. Moreover, they can plan what they have to learn that will be useful for their favorite jobs. Therefore, students who work and study together will not do any mistake about choosing their appropriate career like other lazy students who never paid any attention for a part time job.


Part time job Many people always find a big problem that can make us unhappy and so serious. This problem is a problem about money. It can lead to many problems in our life and it so difficult to solve it however we have one way for help us to solve this problem. That way is part time job Part time job is a good way to get some money for solves the problem about money. It can help us have some money for buy something what we want and we will so proud when we buy something with own money. It can help us to use a waste time to do a thing what more important and useful. Nowadays, we can find part time job easily. We can find many part time jobs in newspaper internet radio television or sings. There are many a lot of part time job us to do for example Waiter or Convenience store employees but some part time job you must have special ability for do that such as pub singer taking photo or performances. Part time job just help you get some money for shorten time but If you want to have money for a long time you have to find a job for yourself and you must use your money for necessary things and save your money as much as you can.


I think working Part Time during school hours Backpacks important to me because of working Part Time Well after learning completion it will be extra income for students to work Part Time off us from the class and to must have a job after school take that any benefits and also the life experience that has it all. Also in the training before we graduated and meet with universal others people. Can contact people outside university areas and expand the contacts. It will easily to get job in the future and will easily to talk and work with people. The most important thing it is to help parents save and reduce money for send to us to spend in school. It is important to impress with our own money with parents they will be very happy to see us grow up and that is a model of conservation when we share ideas to people and savings money more than ever and that it is the best thing in life for the people who work Part Time. Will be good in the next future when we write work experience in CV, they will see the work experience and may get the job easily rather than people who got good grade but have no experience.


Part time jobs are now widely popular. Especially among students who are studying in university. Popular Jobs made a special while studying with. Part time jobs can help students with extra income during the study. It also allows students to stroll, but not dull day. Part time work is job opportunity for students. Allow students to experience leave the rest of time learning to be useless. Experience in your career that you like. If you work in another line. You will have knowledge. Get new skills and experience more diverse. You can compare that. That you have to actually touch, the way to read books. Or listen to is different from others or do the same. Most importantly, you can answer that. work, what you use yourself. Objective 1. To create opportunities and work experience. Preparation before graduation. 2. To increase opportunities for students to experience touch. Co working businesses and famous. A structured system clear 3. To provide students the opportunity to learn. And understand more about IT market in Thailand 4. Students have the opportunity to use knowledge of the educational institution from applying to work with real 5. Students to use free time to benefit more or less. Therefore Jobs Part. time is critical and essential to the students a lot and also lighten the burden of students house to spend some more. Is no need to ask parents for money. Earn money as a Part Time employees at least heal on costs. Protection money from the shock of unemployment for a long time.


I disagree that college student should have pan time job. This is not the time to work or earn money, but this is the time for studying. Study is the most importance in outlives. Working part time job is not good way to use free time well, but the simple way to use free time well is reading lessons from the class. We should read or review the lessons if we have free time. We shouldn't waste time to earn money now because finally, we will graduate from the university, so that will be our time to earn for having job. We must pay attention a lot of studying both inside the class and outside the class. I think working part time job is wasting time. Part time job is hard job because we haven't graduated, so we don't have knowledge enough to work comfortable job. If we do part time job now, the job must be waitress, waiter, house keeper, or etc. These are hard jobs. Someone may think that these are not hard jobs  but low money we will get from these jobs. We should go to the library to search information about studying. If we do part time job, we will not have time to read the book or lessons from the class, so perhaps, we will not pass the exams because we don't have enough time to read the books. On the other hand, if we pay attention for studying now, we will graduate with good grade, so we will surely get very good and comfortable jobs.


Nowadays, many collegians start to work some part time jobs more than the past. It is a much discuss topic that should they work while they still study or should they only keep focus on their lesson. Many people think it is good that their kids have part time jobs but others do not think so. On the one hand, many people in favor of this opinion believe that part time jobs give many advantages for collegians. Firstly, it makes them have more responsible for example they have to take responsibilities in their jobs and have to keep studying in the same time. Furthermore, they will get new societies because they have to meet more people which might be difference from their friends in college. Moreover, they will handle their problems by themselves because they have to solve many problems while they are working such as envy people, bad customers, or even bad employers. On the other hand, others think that part time jobs have many disadvantages for collegians for example they might have not good management on time. For that reason, they might fail in their both jobs and lessons. What is more, they might have bad societies such as their friends at work might take drug, smoking, or gambling. So they might do as their friends do, and they might start to have bad habit. Followed that, if they start take drug or stuck with gamble, they might start to be a robber which is illegal. In conclusion, to have a part time job have both advantages and disadvantages. So I personally think that collegians should do part time jobs while they study with their parents' sight.


Part time job has a lot of benefit to everyone. Everybody can get a part time job. It can earn and saving money. Part time job is not like full time because part time job work hours per week. The Part time job is good for student especially in the university. They can help their father or mother about money that we must use in the university too. They can use their free times to work after class. All of the part time job is hardly more than full time job then we can work a various part time job in the same time. That can help us to earn more money. They can earn and saving their money it good for them they have more money. They can manage their time to study and work. They work and they use their free time in good way. Part time job prepare an experience to student for their job in the future. When they work the part time job, they must to have responsibility. Maybe we will use knowledge and ability to work. They will have a lot of experience after they work and they can use it in their life. They can use their knowledge with part time job.


Part time job is a good thing that the undergraduate should do because it will practice the undergraduate to be a good worker. Part time job give you a lot of benefit such as new experiences, money, endure, etc. If you go aboard and you must work in other country you must have a lot of endure. For example, if you go to work and travel you must prepare yourself. You must do the exercise for your health and body. You can study some skill that the work and travels cooperation prepared while you work a part time job together. In the university you study some time. It's different from high school that must be in a school all time. In your free time after you finished the class you can find some part time job to do It s a good for you. But someone is so lazy and rich. They can do anything that they want I think if I were a rich, I will do a part time job if I have a free time, I want to get more experience but my mother doesn't want me to do a part time job. She wants me to studying.


A part time job is the activities that many people do for making money, it is not a main job. Today, there are many college students interested in doing a part time job for making more money during studying. For example, teaching kids, selling goods, etc. I think a part time job is very good and I agree with it. There are two main reasons for supporting my opinion about this. The first reason is some college students are not very rich so they should do a part time job to help their parent. The second reason is, whoever does a part time job, he/she will gain more experiences, which may help him/her to find a job when they finish studying college. But, I still don't agree totally. If some college students think whether they should do a part time job or not, they must consider themselves if they could manage their life well enough, say, while they do part time job, their studying result should not be too bad. The most important thing is how to divide the time of studying and the time of doing a part time job. Therefore, a part time job is a very good choice about making money and gaining more experiences while studying in college but they must think carefully whether they could do a part time job or not. Maybe, they should consult their teachers or parents before deciding. Finally, the type of a part time job is also very important, they might be very bored if they choose a wrong part time job so they must think what type of part time job they like most and do it.


I agree because the students at the university level are responsible enough. They can help families. They may help alleviate the expenses of studying by having the part time work. When there are available time existing, most students are often interested to hang out with their companies, but some of students may attend to have a part time work. If they take time, try to find a part time job, they can make money as an expense and a scholarship for themselves. It will benefit many more things for their lives. I will also make more money from a part time work after realizing about the value of money and it has not paid lavishly. However, working part time should be done after classes. It shouldn't be done while having classes. If so the study result may be unsatisfied. The part time work should be made whenever you are ready in available time. Also, it should be in a short time. You should share the good time when having a part time job. For both school and working part time the university students have to consider what is most important to us at this time is intended to review the lessons and learning all the time when there is free time. For a better life in the future. So proud of ourselves and families to have a part time job and graduate in a good grade.


Part time job have many form not only serve food work in the restaurant but can working at home use the internet such as check document, print document, send and receive e mail, agent things online etc. I agree about the part time job. Working part time is interesting for student and people need money because it receives money quickly for people need cash. For student, It is use free time to benefit, know many new friends, practice working with other, know planning in my life, have responsibility in assignment and try practice work before real work in the future. Working part time does not mean that poor people but who knows new search experience. The most successful people ever made part time job or hard work. During school holidays I used to try to part time job with my friends at restaurant. It is very fun and got good things form working at that time. Next semester, I will be part time job again. I think should support student part time job. It is honest job and do not make other suffer. Important of part time job not only money story but to find good experience and well skills in the life.


Today, many things in this world are expensive. People need a lot of money for pay in daily life and including college student. In university the student need the money to pay such as food, cloth, book etc. so the part time job is a good choice for the college student. I think the part time job have important and not important for college student. First the part time job is important for the college student because they need the money to pay in daily life. If they have a part time job they can make the money buy themselves to help the parent decrease the cost. They can learn the new thing and new experience from the part  time job for example meet new people, not wasting the time in bad way, know the method to live in the future and also they will know the value of the money that they make. Sometimes the part time job is not important for the college student because if they work hard they don't have the time enough to study and impact to health because they don't have the time to take a rest. Finally t college students he part time job has advantage and disadvantage. In advantage they can receive many good things and disadvantage is they don't have time enough to study.


Do you have a part time job? If your answer is yes, I do. Why you do that? Most reason's student is they want money, to have activity in free time and to find experience. Student want money. They will use money for? Some family, parent don't have enough money for their children. Older child have to help their parent to find money that use in family. They use for education or food. But someone want money for buy something that they want. Student don't want to beg money from their parent so they do a part –time job. Doing a part time job will help student for find money that use in their life. Some student want to have activity in free time and to find experience. Doing a part time job teaches them having responsibility, discipline and systematic work. If students have mistake in work, they will get experience from this. Next time, When students have a problem in their life, they can fix it better than a part. From all reason, In my opinion, I thing a part time job is good for college students. But it's not important for all. For student that want money that use in family, a part time is important because it make money to them. But student should know a important role in their life is education so they should do a part time job in free time not all time.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. The students who are studying in the colleges are the important working people of the world in the future. Furthermore, the colleges are the important places where help improve many skills of the students such as learning in the class, doing activities, participating in different societies, working and so on. Nonetheless, it has a things that is very important to the college students, namely, a part time job for the college students. A part time job for the college students is very important for them since there are many skills of them that they can bring to apply in their job. They, moreover, get some experiences that can bring to use in their daily life. For example, a person who is studying in a college is in the school of Liberal Arts (English Major). Besides his study, he also finds a job which is related his study. He, therefore, works as the tour guide on the weekends. Hence, he can use the knowledge that he learnt like a professional. After he graduates, he will get a good work or job for his life because he has many experiences for his basic job. In conclusion, the important of a part time job is many aspects both learning in the class and the jobs or works in the future. Therefore, the college students not only study but also experiences outside the class are the important thing for their life.


For me. I think who students have a part time job are good and diligent. They can help their parents about money or use their earnings for buy something which they want. Moreover they receive important experience about life in real world and they can learn something about solving the problem. Student can do work whatever they want to do. Such as work in library, restaurant and work with computer. Working of college students is good but if they can't divide time well. IT is going to they can't succeed in learning and everything. Working should have rules such as working on Saturday and Sunday. In day must to learn should more intend. Some people can success from working with learning but some people can't do it so that students should look their self that they can do a part time job but it isn't effect to learning is terrible. It is very good for people who haven't money or want to help people in family but they must adjust time well. However if they think they want to help parents that they are very glad and students don't work only. They can do housework, intend learning. Finally every student has to good people of social.


Part time job Nowadays, most people have a lot of problem such as financial problem, poverty, drug problem etc. But the important problem that make many people difficult to live in today is unemployment problems. According to in the present that we can find a lot of person that have unemployment problem because they can't find job or the faculty which they graduated wasn't wanted in the labor market. So many people choose to find other job that they don't expert or not related to their faculty that they graduated. This kind of job is called Part time job. Part time job is the way to get money for people who really can't find job and want to spend the free time for the most benefit. Not only just spend the free time but you can also spend the money that you get for buy things that you want. In the present we can find source of part time in the internet, newspaper or radio easier than before because the growth of technology, You can find whatever you want. Finally. I'll introduce interesting job that if you're interested, you can try to do. That's employees at the 7 11. This job is so easy to do, you just welcome everyone that come in always smile and help the customer every way that you can. Just this, you can get money easily; moreover this job don't have to spend a long time, you just do in a short period. If you're interested, go to the 7 11 near your home and try to application.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job? I think part time job is important for some student that would to have money for bought thing without his or her parent money. In some part time job is look like full time job that give employee to be salesman all day & night. This job will start when he have contact with other people and talk about his sale and invite other to joined his job and he will get rank up from his number that he has invited. In some time who do this job is make other people boring with his or her doing. This job is look like chain I think in long time it may have full of people have that same part time job and this chain could be end. An other part time jobs example 7/11 employee is a one good job that doesn't disturb other people and this job have certain times in each day must do his job. I think people will have job should be learn about his job clearly for his advantage in his job and don't to make other people worry with his job that would be appropriate to have part time job.


A part time worker is someone who work fewer hours that a full  time worker. College costs are high that money is needed now more that ever. So time management will be useful. Student who work could better time management that student who are not employed. Student who work have new friend and built friendship may find it helpful from work more than ever. Teenagers with job will learn to better communicate with people and they can lean about of the employer. They still could learn about information. During working hours, Student who interesting part time should be decide do it on summer because it will not side effect to education. School is full time job which we should be learn for work in the future but some people don't have enough money, they might be look for work that good and earning money for cost of living, but be careful, study might fall down if you can a good time management you will succeed in study and work together. However, It effect for me too. It is I no have a free time for relax to be equal with friend but I don't care. Many time, I always go to bed early because I have homework and I must repeat the reason everyday. I'm tired but I do. So, working is good bad for me. I should to share of the time, to do bests for everything.


I think the part time job is not important for the college student because they parent sent the student to study in the university for learn everything that should to use in the future job to have a good job include with a good income that the college student should be concentrate with study in the university. A Part time job is a job that does in the free period to earned extra income. I think when the college student earned extra income they will use for himself/herself and when they do the part time job and they cannot manage the time they will have a problem with their grade, just a little of the college student that give the extra income to their parent to help the expense of their family and do not have problem with the study in the university, that make me disagree about the part time job is important for the college student. If the college student do the part time job for find an experience or help the family about the expense or do the pat time job in the end of semester I will change my opinion about a part time job with the college student. For my opinion I think a part time job is not important for the college student when they thinking only the extra income from a part time job.


It is important for college students to have a part time job? I think a part time job can provide both positive and negative ways for college students. It is depends on an attitude of each student, if student who would like to live as luxurious live, then a part time job is not going to be a good thing because those will spend lots of money, but for students who parents does not have that much money, then a part time job is quite important. There are two benefits is that reducing expenditure of their family, and increase work's experience. First, a part time job can reduce expenditure of a family because the students will have money for their living cost, so they do not have to ask for parent's money. and also can help parents out by pay some part of university fees. Moreover, parents can save money for other expenditures of a family, too. Second, a part time job also increases work's experience. They will learn how to make self discipline because in a future these students will have to go working for a company or anywhere, so this is a good way to train their behave to be an adult. As you see I have mentioned above, a part time job could reduce social problems because the student who get a part time job will have responsibility on their duty, and they will not have much time for hang out around at night with their friends as much as they could. Therefore, I think a part time job need to be supported by a government and family.


A part time job is the job that I sure everybody should have it. I think it's important for everyone to do something they like in their free time. Adults and children nowadays face pressure from other person that can make them feel stress or unhappy. A part time job is a good way that can give some happiness to these people. For me, part time job is the important thing that make me don't get too stress on the day. My favorite part time job is write fiction. When I go back to my room, I just turn on my laptop and check sport new, e mail, new episode of the animation and play a game for just 1 – 2 hours and then write my fiction. These activities are my little happiness in one day. It doesn't matter what your part time job is. The most important thing is that you love it and can spend your little free time to do it. I thing part time job isn't a bad thing, but it can be a bad thing when the people can't separate it from main job or study. If people can manage their time and enjoy with their favorite part time job, I sure that a part time job is the good thing that everyone should do and have it.


Part time job is very good job because get money and pay your free time for good thing. I usually do part time job in summer. Part time job is good experience for life. I can make money from part time job. You should make part time job for help your father and mother. I think part time job make one day is important more than in part. You will enjoy with your friends. Part time job make many friend and make happiness for life. I like part time job because it make a lot of money and more experience. I can use money from part time job pay for class myself. Part time job is a good activity for student from university or high school. You have many advantages. In this summer, I still want to work. I will find a part time job in a shopping mall. They pay very good and I meet many people. I have fun a lot. Some friend from part time job is very good. We still contact and help to find job. When someone have a good place to work, we will tell each other about a job. Money, experience, friend are a good thing from part time job. I support student to work. It's good to learn by working.


Nowadays, education is the most important for people who apply to their works in the future. Certainly most of the graduate students can do a work as they like it, had studied at their department or program in the university. Somebody may work in different task from their program and the other may be unemployed. These results may depend on knowledge level and experience in each person, for example someone has well knowledge but may be less their experience or some has low level of their knowledge but may be very good for the experience. After having graduated, the high experience man will do work better than the low experience man. So the student should find to do a little task (part time job) for the new various experience such as conversation with people, planning the time, practice our tolerance, bring your knowledge to apply with the part time job etc. Moreover the students will get the good suggestion from people who did work before. However we shouldn't leave our studying because we are students who have the main work which is learning more and more to get a lot of knowledge. As a result of fundamental of working base from the knowledge.


Working part time is special revenue. Part time job is hobby that make a student have money. The students must part time work also originate in, The first someone has part time work because they want to help lighten the load of their parents in order to get money to buy something for oneself so they must not beg for much money from parents or someone may not beg money from parents after have a part time job really. Who is working part time will get an experience. The second for a person at don't like to release a free time to be useless or sometime they will want to buy desire of themselves so then part time work. The third is folks at home don't have money to come buy inside a family. However part time work will not be good, if they are allocate. You can learn about spending life in association. When I do part time jobs, I can manage with learn and time. Part time jobs can teach me about repair problem. However, part time job may be make badly learn. Who will think to work part time job must be good think before you are working. It you working part time you will get special consider for working. You can learn about spending life in association.


In my opinion. I agree for college students to have a part time job. Because they will have income and they make their free time benefit. They drill to take time out for future. They have a lot of experiences from working. They help parent for subside expenditure. At present economy is bad so people fight for good life. Life is a struggle for existence they said. And a job is really hard to find for work. Many people have no jobs to work, they are very poor. Some of them are very old and no one want them to work. But for students, we strong so many jobs want us to do. we can do everything and we can do very long. A part time job have many profit. Such as they have much money, they meet friends, who like a same thing, they get a new experience, and they have new friends. In the future the college students have to have a part time job everybody. Because a thing is more expensive. Such as cars, homes, computer, mobile phone, cereal, food. Cause there's a famine in the world. People fight for food and drink. Most people is nutrition deficiency. So the college students to have a part time job for future.


In my own opinion, I rather disagree because of having part time job while being as college students is distracting. The students may have not enough to read the book and review the lessons. Since we have a lot of university activities such as sport game, welcome party, and many stuffs the classroom such as homework, projects, reports, presentations etc., we have to focus on study and university' life not working. However, I may state in a very strong negative opinion about having a part time job when being a college students, I don't mean that I won't support this idea. Actually, to have a part time job is possible to be done if the students do after their classes or they have plenty of time and they can handle their study. Everything contains pros and cons. The students have to take a risk by themselves. They might take some advantages while doing a part time job but some may lose their study. Anyhow, it makes me think that working Part Time is not necessary for students; they rather keep focusing on studying on a daily basis. The students have to rate which one should come first, which one is the most important for their lives now.


Part time job Part time job is very interesting for us because it is the way to extra income. You can spend you free time to find you new experience and money. If you work part time you can train adaption for living in social because when you work you must work with other people. A good thing of part time is you can income by yourself. When you can income for yourself you will know how to spend money to good way and you can buy anything if you want by your money. Today you can work part time by many way such as the internet, coffee shop, department store or bookstore. Most part time job will pay compensation for hours. For work in part time job you can choose time to work to suit with you free time. Today part time job is very popular in teenager because they have many free times and they need much money for spend money in their life to shop clothes, electronic tools, pay habitat and pay tuition fees. I think a part time work is a good ways to do if you want to have more new experience and you need to use your time to advantage.


I have two answer is agree and disagree. The first, I agree with topic because in today's tough job market, you need more than just a degree to get a job. Working during college, even in a position that is not directly related to your field of study, will give you an edge over other applicants. Significant work experience, along with good references from supervisors or co workers, proves to potential employers that you have the basic qualities which make a good employee; dependability, responsibility, work ethic, and the ability to learn new skills. Work experience also shows that you have had some real world, adult experiences and that you can handle yourself outside of the classroom and off campus. And the second, I disagree with topic because college learning has a lot of substance that student will study and remember it so college's life just be diligent and always review the lesson. It make student hasn't time to do part time job if do part time maybe make learning of student is down that it effect to future's student about grade that company will consider it if it not good the company maybe not receive. So college student will do something just always manage the time to good first.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. I'm agreeing with this topic. I think we must help our parents about money maybe we can work for keep our budget for pay to everything you want to buy. We could spend the time for do something good in our vacation or when the semester close such as to be the seller in some shop, working with our parents business, or to be serving woman in the restaurants. If we are doing like that, we will receive the money and the experience and you can use your money for shopping or doing something whatever you want with your own money. Although the part time job is good, but I think we should do it when we have time or long vacation only. I am not supporting about work while study because we must concentrate with the lesson more than the work as studying is our responsibility, even though it good to help your parents about the money and it is good to have the experience, but you could know that what time you could spend for the job or what time you could spend for learning. It will be worst, if you abandon your learning for keeping the money because the education is very important than the money.


If you mention the word Part Time all have to think about work during free time after school for students or students who are interested. Is that it does not do every day. May be available during Saturday Sunday Then the thought of working with students with either the International Industry School or university is also encouraged because we learned of the work. Know their time is appropriate and important to make ourselves known to model stand on your own. About self tolerance training. supplementary income. Will not be a burden on parents. Help alleviate the burden on parents. It also allows us to experience many different foreign. To meet with people from work Part Time. In conclusion, holding down a part time job during college is important for many different reasons. You will make yourself more employable, learn some personal and financial responsibility and experience life outside the classroom. Having to focus on your studies is not a valid excuse, because there are many options available for part time work, ranging from a few hours per week at an on campus job to 20 30 hours per week in the service industry off campus. Some of the most successful students are successful because their part time job allowed them to learn an important element of success, time management.


Some family does not have a lot of money or money steady. so, college students maybe find money by themselves by part time working which use for paying fee or spending in their life. Moreover, some college students find money for helping family such as family do not have enough money to treat their younger brother. Part time working not only finds money for spending but also makes time be useful instead of going to the movie, shopping. Furthermore, part time working can make your experience and skill better because they will work in the future. However, Most of college students cannot work at noon except you choose your schedules to study in evening. So, you may work at night. part time working has some risk e. g. criminality during night, thieve. Part time working has both advantage and disadvantage. Before you do that you must think carefully. You should choose appropriate work and give benefits for you. In another word, the job must be worth for doing which you can do the job happily and parents don't need to worry about you. If I have a chance, I wish to have a part time job. At least, I can earn extra money so I can pay for something that might be not necessary but I want to get such as new shirt, new shoes. College students have to consider and take this advantages since we are young so we can grow up steady.


To my mind, I think that it's moderately important for college students to have a part time job. The reason is the students have duty to study. But if you have free times, you can work for part time job. Personly, I don't have a lot of free times to do anything. I think that studying in university is harder and more difficult than secondary education. For me, university education and life in university is so different from the past. When I study in bachelor's degree, I must move to live in dorm that can change my life and view immediately. I must control and manage everything about my mind. I use a lot of times for adjusting myself to get used to it. I have ever thought that I should work a part time job in order to lessen my parents works. But in the real situation, I don't have a lot of times to do a part time job. Because, I have to do my homeworks and review my lessons in my free times. However, my some friends have financial problems. So, they have to work a part time job for solving their problems. I think that's a good solution but, I can't. Finally, I will attend to study hard and study with my best attempt. So, I have a dream too. My dream is getting the scholarship to study abroad in master's degree. I hope that someday my dream comes true, and my parents will proud of me.


When the teens entrance to the university their family must provide the expenses. The expenses use for many things such as cost of living and tuition fee. Some of them come from rich family so they really don't have any problems about the expenses. But some of them come from poor family so they may have problems about their expenses. Which family that has problems about their expenses they may borrow money and they will have many debt. Students who are studying in the university may help their parents by saving their money or doing the part time job. Part time job is a job that done overtime. Some of the university has the job for their student such as Teacher assistant or tutor. Students who do the part time job will help their parents to save their money and gain more money but their part time job will affect to their main job and their learning time. Students who do the part time job will don't have time to repeat their leaning then they may fall their examination. And they will don't have enough time to sleep. If they don't manage their time about their job and their learning their will fall their examination too.


I study at MFU. I ever hear about part – time job from teacher and my friend. Part   time job have both advantages and disadvantages for somebody. Part – time job is a very important in somebody daily life because someone need very money in order to pay about education, telephone, foods clothes etc. Part – time job have advantages for some student such as help their parents, get more money in order to buy expensively telephone or a new clothes but some student want money to pay term value. Someone think about part time it not good but someone think it can make they help them self. Part – time job it have disadvantages for somebody because they think about it forget study sometimes it make we lazy go to school or university. Some student shy their friends when they go to work part – time. It makes some student hate this job and don't want to make this job too. Part – time job have both advantages and disadvantages for somebody. If we know the part – time job fluently it make me have a good job in the future because we have a basic from practice part –time and we manage our time when we work.


My opinion the part time job has advantage and disadvantage. Because the part time job makes students have a short time to prepare education or reading books for exam. The part time job makes students have low or drop grade because they use almost time to their part time job. That is disadvantage about part time job in my opinion but the most important thing is allocate time of mine. But part time job makes student have more money and then they can use it to buy stationary or buy everything that they want. When they get money by part time job they should use it for family. Those are all advantage and disadvantage about part time job in my opinion. Having considered in detail, I still hold on my position that teenagers essentially need to work at least one job when they are student in schools to receive several benefit from it. So, I predict that schools and parents will support our young person to work a part time job. We have to ask ourselves, who can deny the importance of working of teenagers or we can ask ourselves should we do our best in our study? All people got their own reasons and they choose their own paths for going.


Part time job I strongly agree with the topic part time job because I am working as a part time worker. I earned more money. Furthermore; I have been gained a lot of useful experiences for doing this kind of job. In other words; I knew that how I should do when I work with many people. Besides; I have a great chance to practice or work before I have graduated. According to these reasons and experiences, part time job can not only give anyone some money but many good experiences are also given to anyone who do this type of job. In the moment, one of the best ways to find any money is part time job. Especially; the students who would like to be given more money to buy anything that he or she want. It means that most students choose to take this kind of job to do to earn more money. The part time job can be many kind of job e. g. coffee's shop, department stores, book stores, Big C, Seven Eleven, and etc. so, a lot of my friends work at coffee's shops because they do love to do and it's near their university. In addition; they would like to know how to be a professional worker or waiter as they have to do the job after they have finished their bachelor's degree. That is why they do like to do this part time job. To conclude, part time job is very useful for any students or anyone who want to earn more money and practice more experiences. Especially, students who do not need to worry their parents. In my opinion, this kind of job will give you more than what you think that nobody can give you.


In my thought the part time job sometime we have to do it because if you don't like the full time job or you are lazy to do it, you must take this kind of job. This kind of job is easy to pay with no long term commitment and not a hard working. When I working in the future, I still don't like it because the part time job stills the work that too risk for firing and I don't like it. Sometime the part time job is the job that you can create by yourself such as the baker in the bakery shop or the coffee maker that they called Barista. It's made you feel free and feel comfortable to do the thing you like and be the boss of your own job. You will proud about it. At last, you can do the thing you like, but at first you still have to find your full time job to guarantee that you will get the insurance about healthy or the dentist thing. So you will be feeling good about that. And then if you are getting old or boring to your full time job and acquire enough money for make the new business; just go for it because if you are love your job you will get the better thing to your life.


I strongly agree with that because it can help parents to save a lot of money and get good experiences for work. Money is important for education. When I need use money for education, I can use my money. Parents are proud in your child. Parents think me to grow completely and spend free time usefully. It's better than play games or shopping. However studying is more important than do a part time job. They should spend time appropriately. They shouldn't work so hard that they can't go to university. I think college students who have a part time job are good and diligent. I hope they will be happy in the future. When they write a job record on their CV, they will be very proud in themselves that they used to work before. The experience indicated that they spent time valuable and activate themselves for exposing to learn new things all the time. I wish students can see how interesting to have part time job and how benefits for their lives. They won't regret about that even they will be more tired but it's worth for doing it. Besides, they can prove about their patient to control themselves to work and study in the same time.


Part time job is a kind of work that can help us to use free time usefully. The students who are studying in university, they usually work the part time job in order to make money for education. They work regardless of safety, health, and the effect about studying in class. The almost student will go to work after class everyday and they will come back to dormitory after midnight or greater than this that means they don't rest of themselves because they have to study in next day with the body that very tired. It causes them to have a disease from sleeping not enough. Moreover, in workplace maybe has a person who is smoking that means they have to smell it, too. On the others hand, when the students don't sleep enough they maybe feel sleepy in class. It makes them lose times to learn new things that cause them to get low grade in exam. When to talk about safety, the students have to drive the cars for coming back to dormitory. They maybe have an accident during on the way. Perhaps, in workplace has the thief or naughty person that maybe hit them. However, part time job make the students to have the money for education. I think they should to be careful and regardless about safety, healthy, and studying.


To have a part time job is good? For me, it is just okay. I rarely agree with the idea because family can still support me. They always tell me to focus on study. I am trying to do that but not sure about the result but they say it is okay because just pay attention is enough. But for some friends or students have to work because of the family problem about money. Many Thai students come from poor family and most of them leave hometown to study in other city so they have to pay a lot such as for room, for equipments, for transportations and so on. Some of them got scholarship from the government or the university to support their study so they don't ask money with parents. Very less that no one support so they decide to do part time job but they work too much so the study is failed, need to restudy again or do assignments a lot. I think it is good if students have full time to study so they can be successful and they have time with friends in the faculty. Will be long relationship and keep contact. I don't disagree to have part time job but if you ask me I think I don't do it still parents support me.


Nowadays, Money is the most important in everyone. It is one that people need to use it all time. Jobs is the way that people can make money. Somebody make money for family, for yourself, for parents, etc. When children grow up, they must to use money more than the past, but they can't make money from school and college. Some student use free times to do a job for make money by theirselves. Part time job is the way that student can do a job. In my view, I think it good to do by self but they have to manage a time for job and education. In Thailand, part time job is important for some student who don't rich guy. But the wealthy family usually support children by money, comfortable. They wouldn't interest about part time job. In front of the West country, their culture often take care their son by difficulty. They stopped giving money to their son when grow up because they want to practice to make money by do part time job. It make their strong when they are adult. It is different culture about mind of part time job. The first important of job is honest job. The student should not to do a illegal job. Finally, money from a job should be use in the right way.


The meaning of part time job is a working before or after your study or main working periods to get more money for your life and it also spending your free time to be useful. The part time job is good way to improve your skill and your interested things. Doing the part time job is not complex to do if you have free time from your main work so you can do this. The part time job have a lot of kind such as coffee serving, computer fixer, car washer and etc. I have ever been do the part time job, I was computer fixer at the computer store in my hometown. working from 10. 00 o'clock until 15. 00 o'clock and had got 150 per day it is very easy work. I just install operating system on their computer and installed importance program on their computer, it very easy way because I love to do this job. I had been done this for 1 month and the total money that i got from this job is 4, 500 baht. after that I can bought new mobile phone by myself. To conclude, the part time job is the easy way to get the money from you skill and your interested things. I'm very hope that the things that you can do as well will bring the benefit to you including more experience and skill to do in the thing that you love.


In my opinion I think Part time job is not too much important for me because I don't have problem about financial position. However, someone that has a problem in financial position part time job will important for him. Part time job is a job that works on free time. You must allocate time to study and work. If you don't allocate your time good enough you will have learning problems. When you have learning problems you will focus on it carefully. You must intend to study more and you will have a good chance to work in the future. Benefit of part time jobs, part time job will give you much of experience to work and make you have tolerance and self discipline. Your boss will summarize and evaluate your works. Furthermore, Part time practice you to be a diligent and be enthusiastic person. Everything that I have said before is very essential in every jobs and every position. However, part time job will affect to your concentration on learning. It may make you tired to study. If you can't work and study together you should choose one of them and do it the best. But if you can work on part time job and study together it is very good for you.


Disagree with the view that the University Student Work Part Time. That is important because working Part Time students will not have time to read the book. So no time to spend with friends less than others. Only work only and will be tired. Most of all you have time to take care of yourself less too. Why work part time is disagree. Because it is difficult to concentrate on learning. Because we do that we will run out of energy from the running from work and university. It makes us feel more like go to school each day. Work Part Time students may make in come from work or leisure tome to benefit by working Part Time. Work Part Time, but it can hardly be time student share the same. This will make certain that students may lose the he necessary to give students the importance of it to Part Time Work, rather than studying the dally lives of student. I think we must keep our relationship with our friends in university than in Part Time Work. It long and good relationship not short. Students should join university program or activity so when they finish they can remember good thing from university.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. There are many students have part time job. It is popular in many students in teen age. It make experience and make money for students. The college students interesting in use time for part time job more than another activity. May be, the college students need to spend money for a lot of necessary. So, they need to fine more income. In Fact, student that have past time job have the different from another student that have not past time job such as times management, it is manage a time in a day and separate appropriate times. Moreover, students will get about how to live and adjust oneself for real life. It will make friend and relationship with anther people, that very important for the college students because part –time job like as preparation for work in future of the college students. But if the students cannot separate times and manage oneself, they will fall in the future. Part time will good, if the college students can manage times of themselves. Part time will bad, if the college students cannot manage times of themselves. Everything depend on self of the college students and individual of students.


Nowadays, there are a lot of college students have a part time job for countless reasons. Someone working to buy the clothes, shoes, or phones while someone working for purchase in daily life or university tuition fees. However, some students do not work a part time job and they think it is not important. In my opinion, a part time job is important for college students. One of the reasons that college students should have a part time job is spending the free time usefully and getting the real experience. Moreover, they can also help their parents for the costs. For example, if they want to buy something they can buy by themselves. Another reason would be wanting to teach them how to be responsible. The final reason that college student should have a part time job is making friends and learning to live in socially with other people. Of course, some students may think that a part time job may take time away from studying, hanging out, and doing the homework. They may also think that a part time job is tiring and boring. I would think that college students could do a part time job after class or during the summer. In conclusion, I would think that a part time job for college students is important because it gives them experience, it teaches them how to be responsible, it gives them extra money, and they can make friends by doing the job. Some students may think that a part time job take away from studying but I think that they could either do a part time job after class or in the summer.


Today, many students earn special money by the Working Part Time Jobs which do most of the students will work in the service as a waiter or waitress or servers such as in food shop, in the mall, or working with media, Internet café and etc. Most of the students due to work Part Time to earn extra classes and to alleviate the burden of families taking time to make the experience useful and work well. Work Part Time is a very important to students in today's society, particularly the loss of property in the study. The students have to make a right decision when they decide to work. It's true parents want to see us got a good result from the study when we are in university, then want to see us got a high salary when we graduate. This is the steps that we all know that our parents expect to see. But for some family, parents think that they just want to see their children grow up and can stand by their own feet. That's all that they need, so they don't expect that their children must get a good grade or high salary. The children will be pressured so parents don't expect too high. So to have part time job may useful for students who lack of money, useful for students who want to have job record, useful for students who want to have experience and many reasons. No one knows but ourselves know. Please make a good consideration before go to work is what I suggest.


I do agree because it is important that we can make money by ourselves but everyone does not have to have a part  time job. If we have part time job we will receive more money and we will not bother family on money. The part time job is a good way to find new experiences of work we can be stronger on any work we have done. The important thing that we get from the job is we will pound of ourselves and see though money value. However when we get the part time job we should organize our time for class and lesson and we should to do the job when we have free time enough. When we earn, we can buy anything that we want but part time job gives us not much money so we have to be careful to use it do not waste money but save money to buy the important things or pays for college. The students who work while studying they will get the skills of doing work, so they can adapt these skills on their occupations and they will get good job. The most important thing that they will realize are what is the difficult way to get money by working? and how difficult to do it? It will be the best way to make them stronger and grower up enough.


Do you know the word part time? Part time is mean free time that you have in a day. Next, what the word part time job mean? I think you know the word. It's mean working in your free time for money or any. Nowadays many people do a job after his main work because they want more money. Part time job is a good way to find it. You can be a waiter in restaurant, throwing newspaper in the morning before you go to work, sending milk, etc. That is a good part time job that I can do in main work day. In weekend I spend my time working at book storage that is good a place to make money. I earn 70 baths per hours. I do many thing there such sold a book and cleaning room. I work there at 8 am to 1 pm and then I get a job at restaurant near my home. In the restaurant I am a waiter. I earn 100 baths per hours. In 2 days I can make more 700 baths. That's sound great? I can buy everything that I want. Part time job is a good way to find money. If you think you don't have money to spend. You should get a part time job but if you don't have time, it over.


Part time job is a job that uses few times to do and little money given too. There are many works of part time job, such as selling hamburgers at McDonalds, selling ice cream at Dairy Queens, selling books, serving foods at restaurant or working at your home with the internet. Many people do this job, because it is easy to do and doesn't disturb your main job. It looks like another way for making money. In case of college students, Do they need to have a part time job? It's up to their. College students should focus on their studying and activities. If they do a part time job, it will be a problem. However, many college students don't have enough money for living in college. They chose to do part time job to solve the problem. Many students have a problem with their studying, but some students doesn't have that problem. Part time job is a good way for making money if you can manage your time. It doesn't give you only money, but it gives you a huge experience of working. Many people have a successful life from doing part time job. Sometimes, part time job can give you more money than your main job!


In college life that there are a lot of costs to pay which may be necessary and unnecessary, so the extra money is very important for those students who want to live on comfortably and Part time is one of the things that many students can do for their money. In the college which you have to pay a lot of money such as for dorm, food, facility and etc., If your parent money is not enough then I strongly agree the part time job. For me I want to have a part time job to but when I ask my parent may I have a part time job and they just want me to study only. The problems are time, when you have part time job you must sure that you could manage the time and you can study with a little time for it. But for me part time job is good Because It can help you to know the cost of money and help you can practice your skill like if you good at playing music so, you can play music in pub as a part time job, if you good at English so you can be a translator. The conclusion for me is part time job is good for the one who can manger their time and have free time and bad for one whom have no time and not have responsibility.


Part time job is very interesting because that can help us use free time in the good way and can help us make more money to save it for use in the future. In each day there are 24 hours, but we not use it all. Everybody have a free time not same. If you have more free time you can use it to useful by do a part time job. Part time job very normally in the country in Europe because they want to practice a children to be adult. Part time job can help you can do a job by yourself and you can save money to use in other time, that can help you pound cause of you can find money by yourself and your parents will pound in yourself too. If you can do a lot of part time job it is very well because you can do many different thing. So part time job is the better way for teenager to do because it very useful and help you practice yourself to be a good person. Free time can be the best time if you can spend it with part time job because part time job not only a job but it is can help you can be a best one and that make you pound with yourself and also your parents.


I think working part time job is a good thing to do when we are still young and got energy to do. We can further our horizon and experience in new places especially in workplace. We will know how to earn, save and spend money. Even the income from part time job is not too much but with that small money is full filled with benefits and greatest value. Why I said like that? You will know how difficult money is earned. We have to study then go to work. We have to separate time for doing homework as well as doing work after school. It seems that we have more things to take responsibilities than other friends. Parents still support us with the payment but money from part time job make us spend money systematically. We cannot get money if we don't lose sweat is what I always tell myself. Each single coin is very worth for me. Since we got part time job, we can understand our parents' hearts. We understand how hard work they do for us, and how they spend money economy. They have to pay for their house living and for kids. If some family got more than 1 kid, is it much more harder that other families to manage their budget. So I think it's good to have part time job but we have to manage time and keep balancing.


I agree with this statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I am one of the students who do this. I can archive more experiences than my friends who haven't done. I think having a part  time job could give and improve your skill. I do many part  time job such as teaching, to look after children, car washing, volunteer, waiter, delivery man. I do this because these job will give the experience that have more valuable than salary. Teaching give me an communication skills and kind for hope your student to be better. To look after children give me How to control and know children?. Car washing give me about cleaning that is important for working in every type of work. To be a waiter give me about How to control your emotion? and service skill. These are my experience that I think it is valuable and good. Students can use this time to try to work, like to warm yourself before play a match. And the university may help the students to introduce the part time job and support them to do. Finally the students will learn by their experience.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. I think part time job for college student is good idea because having the part time job help college students to get more experience. Part time job give the advantages to the worker in many ways such as they can spend their free time, get money and get experience. In my opinion, I think college should have a part time job because when you get a job you will have a money then you could use the money by not disturb parent too much. When you do a part time job you will get the many experiences that it will make you to be a good worker in the future. When you gradate and get the job. You can use the experiences from the last time of doing part time job to edit the mistake and make it better. Before you choose the Part time job to do. You should study the information of them first. Time for work should not destroy time for study. Time for studying is more important than working so we should give intent to studying. But when doing the job you should pay attention with your job too. You should not work only but you should take care of yourself first. If you work very hard but do not take care yourself and do not pay attention in class that are bad because you are doing in wrong way.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. Nowadays, money is very important for our life. Everybody spends money to pay everything, no matter car, home, food, technology, medicine, education, etc. If you have no money, you don't have a comfortable in your life. Moreover, education is very important for everybody. Especially the modern people like me. If we have enough education, we will get the comfortable in our life. Although, I get an enough education, somebody doesn't have opportunity to study. They don't have opportunity to study, since they have no money to study. When I go to study in the university, I think I have to buy many things. These are example about things that I have to buy or pay; uniforms, textbook, computer, dormitory, the internet per month, cost of living in daily life, cost of register, etc. My parents have to pay for me about 80, 000 baht in the first month. However, I spend a lot of money; it's very important things in my life. My parents pay for me about 5, 000 bath per month, but I think it's enough for me. I never buy the brand name, since I think it's not important for me. I never eat food that so expensive. So, I think the part time job isn't important for college students.


In American, most of American teenager have a part time job. They can study and work together. Thinking of the American teenager are if they want something, they will get it by self. In Thailand, The Thai teenager are different from American. Because of the Thai social is family. Parents take care their children and almost they live together so it's not important to go out and work. All above I talk about the different of thinking of the American and Thai teenager. Today, I'm studying in the University. Everyday I have to use much money to buy anything such as foods, books, appliances, etc. Moreover I have to pay for many activities. A part time job is the way can help our parents to reduce using money. Somebody are doing it now because he or she doesn't have money enough. I think it's unneccessary for poor people to doing it. Maybe Everybody should do a part time job if you can because It is good and use free time creatively. The example for do a part time job is work in the restuarant such as McDonald, KFC, Sizzler, MK or use your talents to make money for example ; if you can sing you should go to contest, if you can draw and paint you can make money by your work. You can do it everything you think that can help you make money. A part time job is the way to help you get money even it isn't much more, but it's enough if you have economical life.


Nowadays, there are more and more students choose to have a part time job in the spare time. Surely, a par time job can provide cash and working experience to them. But, as far as I am concerned, the high school students should not be encouraged to take a part time job due to the following reasons. A part time job would occupy high school students a lot of precious time, which should be used to learn systematic knowledge and living skills in class without worries of work stress and frustration. Also the high schools provide students a community to fit in the real world, so that students can develop these necessary qualities and skills. I think it's definitely not a wise option to take a part time job in exchange of losing some parts of such important opportunities of education. What's more, students in high school should get prepared to further their education in college, which could benefit them a lot. It's known to almost everyone that to become a college is one of the important ways to change one's life. On the contrary, a worker with only a high school diploma will have more difficulty in employment and promotion and a lot other issues in this era. In conclusion, I think our government and society should pay more attention to make sure that high school students could be able to have the best education without distraction of misleading and material addiction.


Are you one of the people who used to work part time job? Why do you think to do it? Nowadays, there are a lot of people do it because they have a free time and want money. In my opinion, part time job is important for college students who lack of money. Because, the university has many activities such as testing quiz, learning subjects, etc. It's necessary to use a lot of money for pay semester fee, university uniforms, cost in department, etc. Especially college students who come from different country, they have to pay more than other students whom live near university. They must rent the room in the apartment, condo, dorm, etc. or live with relative's house in order to go to the university comfortably. Some college students who come back home must pay fee every day. Moreover, cost of living is higher and semester fee is expensive. Part time job can help them to earn more money. However, college students who work a part time job will get more skills than other people. Part time job can help improve their skills in working, habits and communication be better. Therefore, college students ought to do part time job because it is good for people who want a new experience, new skills to work, earn more money and decrease burden family.


At the present day, many college students spend their time for a part time job when they have long free time because a part time job is important and have many advantages for college students It is important for college students to have a part time job because the cost of studying is rising up. In addition, the economic is increasing and cost of living also growing up, so the costs of studying in the universities, such as semester fees, registration for credits, transportation fees and meals, are rising up as well. Some students who come from the far distances or different provinces have to pay for renting the room in the apartment which is cost more than the students who come back home every day. A part time job can help college students to earn more money for studying. Furthermore, college students who have a part time job can improve their working skill and their habits. A part time job helps students to have responsibility and practice their skill in working and communication. For both reasons, I agree that College students should do a part time job. It is good for themselves to work in the future and their parent to earn more money.


I never have a part time job before, because I never think it about it. I think part time job is the another way to support family. I think it's very useful to help everyone in your family. If I was in Mathayom 2 or 3 and having a part time job, it'll make me crazy about it. However, if my son or daughters want to have a part time job, I'll agree with them. Sometime, I saw my old friend studying and having a part time job as a stunt man, the day that I know about this, it makes me feel surprise. Not only me but all of my classmate is suffering about it and he make it secretly. So that if I can do a part time job right now, I'll do it. Conversely my GPA is too low, so I have to think it first before I have it. So that I have to fix my time first before I've a part time job. Despite, my real life, it isn't have a good way to come here, my life is too bored and I've to stay with my grandma. And she has a special way to talk with me to don't having a part time job.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. Nowadays, money is important for everyone. It is the factor for our life. We cannot live without it. If we do not have money, we cannot buy whatever we want. People can get money by work, selling, service, etc. Some people work so hard for a lot of money. For college students, they have to study and have to time to get work all day. A part time job is the best choice to get money for college students. They can get knowledge and money in the same time, but they should not work too hard. It will effect to their score. They should divide their table time suitable. When they get job, their parents do not need to send money for them. Their parents may be proud in their children that they can find money while they are students. The most job for college students are serving, washing, cooking, selling. They can choose want they want to do. Some college students share with their friends to open coffee shop, pub, bar, restaurant, etc. This is a good way too, because they are own business, but it risks too.


I think it is a great idea having a job while you are university student. I think that is a good idea. It effected good for me but It were damage too. First, I will talk about a good of work. I can use the top of the time. I am going to work when I have a free time. I don't want let time go free. Then I will get salary every month, so I have beg just beg a little money from parents. My parents have vary burden I don't want they were tried. I would like to help them and I didn't used to beg money from the parent. I will save money for it. Finally, you can have your own money. You don't have to ask for money to your parents. On the other hand earning you own money grows up you personality. It change your perspectives in life. You will see that you will think twice before spending money on something you think it is not necessary. You will learn to listen to the others. You will learn to be sure patience and sociable and you will learn how to communicate. When you get a job, while you are a student you have to think first if you handle it you must be very exacting with yourself.


I think that it is not really important because college students have to do a lot of homework, review the things which the teacher have taught at the classroom. Not only college students must care or spend time for, but must they also take the responsible for their daily life such as washing cloth, cooking for food, and etc. In the other hands, If college students have a part time job, it will be the severe obstacle for student. Since student will take their time on the job. Working late at night, college students will not have the energy for their study in the morning. The result is the poor grade that is caused from their part time job. Moreover this problem can impact to their parents too. Because when their get a bad grade, it mean that their learning is poor, the people who expect on them (parents) will be upset and disappoint with their learning. Finally, for college students life, the first thing that they ought to focus on seriously is studying that can develop their life and be the opportunity for them to get a better job in the future after they had graduate from the university.


If you mention the word Part Time all have to think about work during free time after school for students or students who are interested is that it does not do every day. May be when all that students are free in the evening or on weekends. Then the thought of working with students with either the International Industry School or university is also encouraged because we learned of the work. Actually, they will know their time is appropriate and important to make ourselves known to model stand on your own. Par time job is related to self tolerance training. It is about supplementary income. We will not be a burden on parents. Also, we help alleviate the burden on parents. It also allows us to experience many different views. To meet with people from work when doing Part Time is only one of benefits. But I think we should consider, need to measure how to work valuable. If students are not ready to work, they should wait until they are ready. For example, the first year student may need time to adopt themselves in school and school program or university that different from high school, so if they still can't manage, they may lose their study. Be ready when doing part time job and also respond for homework and all things from school so we will success.


I'm strongly agree with the sentence is "It is important for college students to have a part time job. " But a part time job have advantages and disadvantages. In my opinion, people who study in university, they must to apply knowledge to use in their job in the future. They must to practice their knowledge and experiences many time. If a part time job have relation with major that students learning, it so good. Because it can help many things for them such as experiences using knowledge working with other people students are development and etc. Students have a part time job when they have a free times. They get money from a part time job. They are learning about how to working. A part time job make students are rule. But a part time job have an effect to healthy. Students have little times for relax. Have a part time job are advantages and disadvantages. They can apply knowledge with situation. They have experiences and they can learning many things form a part time job. But it make bad healthy for students. And it may be have disadvantage to education too. However, it depend with my self, how can I develop with situation and working. They can have advantages more than disadvantages.


When we study in the college for expenses such as expenditure is increased tuition. Expenditure for activities and the dormitory. Therefore, we need to earn money during school. And apart time as an option for it in the steam and earn money. Why should we have to work part time during the 5 verse is learning. First, Wages, we can be free are increasing the revenue to pay for tuition and dormitory and daily expenses etc. Second, work as part time work that does not work all day, but is working part time a day do is 3 4 hours time. Working evenings after class time or Saturday and Sunday. Third, to help alleviate the cost of our parents. Next, to help us seeks in future career after graduation and we have experience in working with others. Because of the work will have many types of people we must learn to avoid conflicts between work. We have friends at work younger and older can learn from sharing experiences of colleagues. Finally, working part time. Allows us to save those who know because we have learned from the work that will be more than. To sum up, the part time work is a good alternative to earn money while we are studying. And we have work experience. Learn how to work and habits of different people. And to exchange experiences with colleagues.


Working at the school space is needed for some But I think it does not matter how long, because I think it will make our school hours are not effective. Students innocent We study hard already. If going to work again would be more tired. The course grade will fall into the hope that it might not have thought. But for some people may think that working part time is important. It will help us earn money by themselves alleviate the burden on parents. The right time to benefit. Better to waste time with futile. Working part time also taught us self reliant. The value of money because we as people find themselves time to use it to think and think again, because more will get money to us tired, but if we ask for money from their parents come, we will spend together a luxury not see the value of money. And we also practice in the training and diligence of the patient on time. Integrity of the work done when we finish working on the line, we learned what they will carry with us. And also to give us the real experience before starting real work. Profit is our lives.


I think it's very important to have a part time job for college students because some students have no money or in the family have no money. They might earn money from working after finish the class or when they are free. The college students can have some work in any place(the restaurants, the library, minimart and super market, department store)All of this can help the poor students to have some more money and It would help them family too. But some work it's not to good to work, in some places it's very dangerous too such as at night club, bars. So, they should select the safe place to work. I think the part time job can help the student learn to work for themselves, Can try to take care about themselves, And about the money! It's the most important to learn to take care a money. Can make them think a lot of things in them life. All about the parents, family and yourself. I am sure that they will have experience too. The last, I think it should be can help learn about the life. Of cause everything it's not easy to learn. But if you can pass this problem, it's might be easy to stayed in this world.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. College students should have a part time job because it is good for college students in any ways such as developing socializing skills and getting social experience. Firstly, college students should have a part time job because it may be developing socializing skills. Training a part time job needs to have effectively speaking skill, especially when the trainer serves the customer. The trainer has to be polite in term of verbal and non verbal skill to make the customer satisfied good serve. Practicing politely to the customers can make the trainers developing socializing skills because they know how to act toward the group of people who come to use the service. Different customers can be different kind of people. It is necessary for college students or others who work a part time job that they have to respond or serve the customer appropriately by recognizing many factors which are suite to the individual. Additionally, college students who have a part time job can gain social experience. Working a part time job may be make trainer's world view widely because they can see, learn and know what things they do that. Also college students can learn something quickly, so that it is important to support them learning more and more. As you can see that training a part time job is important for college students in few ways that while they are working the job they can develop socializing skills and gain more social experience.


Today, world charge every time. Technology, culture and economic charge everyday. People can connect to easy. Information can fine fast. Economic is important for people. People try to work and money from everything. Students at the college too. They work part time job. And students at the college, there are many part time job for students. Some student at the college or university must be have money for pay anything in the routine. Part time is the way from many way to fine money. There are part time for students example: seller at store, service and waiter at restaurant etc. The way for money students should study and analyst before choose it. Because many students choose bad way. It's the trouble for self and many people at society. Some student choose part time job but some student practice and study lesson for job the future. Student at the college or university should study and practice lesson for job the future. They not are working part time between study at the college because study is important more part time for students. Some student choose work part time for experience in future, but some student choose full time for study lesson for working the future. I am disagree to some student to have part time. I thing should only study and practice lesson for working the future.


I do agree that working while studying of college students is important. There are some reasons to support my opinion. Firstly, I think working part time job gives students many lessons to learn about life. For example, they have learnt how to be patient to work and they learnt how to be responsible of duty of work and study, and they would learn how to manage themselves; it's sure that they might have a time table to manage themselves for work and study, and also they can learn how to live with different people and different ideas, so they can share their experiences with others. It's good a way to teach teenagers before they reach the working age. Next, I think working as a part time job of college students can make money, even if it's not much, but they can use the money for studying and whatever they want to buy. They don't need to ask from parents if they want to get something. It can reduce the burden of their parents. Then, they will know the value of money and know how to spend money in good ways carefully. However, working part time job is important for college students in many ways. They are to give the lessons for students to learn such as patient and responsible, and also they can help their parents reduce burden.


Have you ever do part time job or heard it before? It is the best choice for someone who has free time and wants to do something with a great benefit everybody can do it. Such as students who have free time and want to do something that make they have money for spend. In the present we have many many part  times job Depending on you decision. You can choose the best one that you interested and try to do such as if you loved fashion may be you can find a job in department store, if you loved desserts or foods you can find some coffee shop or restaurant ETC. Advantages from part time job expect money is experience that you can't find in daily life. You will know many things from it like a habit of workmate, pressure from manager, trouble of job, system and many type of customer ETC. if you can bear it you will stronger than before. Don't be serious about it too much just try to do the best. But if you were student don't forget to manage time for study and do another activity. So what are we waiting for when we free? Find some part time job to do! Have fun with it.


I agree with it is important for college students to have a part time job. In present have a part time job a lot. Example they are salesperson in the bookstore department store, food shop and coffee shop, they are receptionist in the hotel, they are employees in the restaurant. College students have a free time. They spent time useful. They help parents about reduce money. when they want anything, they can buy as needed, without asking money from parents. So, they must know saving money. Education in present not in classroom only. We must study from outside and environment around us. I think life in reality is always interesting. There are a lot of thing to do for learn to live in society. They get skill and good experience from outside. They see many peoples. They learn about living with others life with purpose known adaption and new friends. It made them appreciate and recognize of money. They can work easy job for learning. They should more responsibility diligent and tolerance. They must to separate time for learning and working. A part time job have benefits a lot, because of they can survey employment in future. College students can used subject of study be useful. They will proud of their ability.


Part time job is good way for students. Since the economic downturn I think that students ought to seek part time jobs. parents can't seem to have enough money to support their children's education fees in the universities or college. So, by working part time, they can help their parents with their burden. Parents will be proud to have a child helping them to lighten their family burden. Another thing is that by doing part time jobs, students can get their own allowance. They won't be counting on their parents to get their money to buy their education stuff and their needs. They can just earn their money by doing part time jobs. At the same time, they can learn to be independent. This will help them when they grow up in the future. it is also a great experience. It also gives you a chance to see what it is like to earn and spend money of your own. Maybe some of them want to prepare for the next jobs, some of them because they couldn't handle with the scholar task and others just for having some extra pocket money. In the end I conclude that having a job while you are teen involves mainly advantages and it would help you a lot in your life but only if you know how to combine it with studying and partying.


I think that is very important for some college student, because some student in the college do not have a lot of money to use to eat, buy something, shop etc. I think the college must to do something with the student each find the part time job, given a job in the college to the student and pay money too, or given a chance to do part time job at the restaurant, coffee shop, super market, museum, library, gasoline station etc. if the students in college have a part time job, I think they so have happy life, have a chance to do anything like any students in the college, but although the money is not anything or everything in this world, or can not buy everything but I think the money is important to one people who's not have a lot of money to living in a day to be different for the student who's have a lot of money to living, eat, buy something or order, travel etc. for that reason a part time job is very important to the college students. That's make a happy feel and a good chance to they forever.


Very often nowadays, most people think that education is the most important in their life. Many people have to finish Bachelor's degree to be accepted in social life. However, I believe that degree is not an identification of successfulness. This essay aims to outline the advantages and disadvantages of doing a part time job during study in university. Most people have only one target to go to university, to get their degree. While, there are many reasons for each person. For instance, somebody studies because they seek for knowledge. Someone studies because of their friends or their parents. At the first time, undergraduates have many activities to do in university. In the present, doing a part time job is very popular. There are three main benefits of doing a part time job during study in university. Firstly, students should do freelance works because it helps their parents' expenditure. Secondly, undergraduates should have works as freelance because it helps their education fees. Finally, the numbers of university students who have part time job have increased. They want to gain more experience that they cannot find in the classroom. However, there are three main disadvantages of having a freelance work during study in university. The first, students tend to concentrate on their part time jobs more than spending time on their lessons. In addition, a freelance work make students exhausted and they will not have enough time to sleep. Moreover, students might not have enough time to do their homework because of their part time jobs. Eventually, it can be seen that a freelance work can have both positive and negative aspects. I think we should give precedence to education first. Then, we can place important on part time job secondly. Lastly, we should manage our time in the right way and we should have responsibilities in our positions.


A part   time job is important for college students because every faculties in the college have many activities that students have to spend much money. Students who don't have a part job must take money from their parents to spend for each activities but the students who have a part   time job must not disturb their parents about that. They can spend the earn which take from a part   time job. Otherwise Living in the college must spend a lot of money instant of the student have to buy many book s for study in class and learn out class, they have to buy the stationery for example pen, notebook, folder, correction fluid, eraser, pencil etc., they sometimes go to entertainment places for example the movie theater, shopping mall, karaoke room etc., they must pay for their food. Etc. All activities and learning the students who have apart   job can be find by themselves. The parents of the that students must not have many task. They will have more time to rest and go to travel in anywhere. They will not too stress. So a part   time job is the most important for college students and their parents.


For me I agree that having a part time job is might be important for a college student. A part time job is a job in which an employee does not work full hours, so college student can take it. For if they have been got some part time job while they are a student it is will be good for them because working part time during college will build their character so they will get their own experiences. Sometimes they would learn how to solve the problems on their own because in today's tough job market, you need more than just a degree to get a job. For work experience also shows that you have had some real world, adult experiences and that you can handle yourself outside of the classroom and off campus. With the price of living going up, so it is a good way to earn money with them self, that will help their father and mother a lot. They would realize that how difficult to make money, so that will make them more economy than ever. For all of above reasons would be a great lesson that they can't get from a class, because it is a "Reality", it is a true life.


I agree for a part time job. get the experience in the field that you takes an interest or you have worrked in other field. you be omniscient receive new skill. and various experiences more and more. can compare with that regard. you have entered to touch. with when get read a book or listen from the that other different or alike? and at important might make you have answer. what kind is the work there is the unearned income or may pillar income all right there is money uses. be likely have evaluate the work. who is a boss in the field. you does make you will have known should correct adjust? you make have the income helps a family. which you can choose the time something. you will want can punctually at you convenient. and follow your interest kind this work still. make you has the time will That will do. do an occupation adds make money special according to you. and have an experience that various and challenge more than give a chance. give you have experienced the work seeks the thing that you likes and skillful actually for the aim is the routine in the bearings is formed you TRUE in the future.


I don't agree with this topic that It is important for college students to have a part time job. Because I think that college students need not work part  time job. They should intend to well study in college and think what is sub important from Studying. We may see college students intend to work part time job, but They don't careful in this class. Consequence They will failed. In the other word, some college students work part time job by spending spare time from studying in class For example, selling gift shop, sending newspapers, working at restaurant in vacation. etc Furthermore they will gain money from part time jobs for buying many thing that is important for studying. example, stationary, textbook, tool. etc and they can relax from tension of studying subject that very hard for college students example, calculus. Anatomy, Physiology, Physic, and other subject from their faculty. Moreover, Working part time job can help you to find new friends that they may have more knowledge than friends in college. New friends can suggest working part time job method for you, but working part time jobs make you, need have time managing in order to don't failed study many subjects in class and don't miss working part time job.


Part time job is important for college students. I use to worked past time job. The experience gained from a part time job is priceless. My first job was being a waitress at my parent's friend's restaurant. I thought being a waitress was to just be friendly and take orders and then the customers would leave you a generous tip for writing down their order so well. I had a positive outlook and attitude on my first day at work; however, things did not go as I had hoped for. First, I did not make myself clear enough to the cook when I asked him not to add garlic to a customer's dish. He mistakenly thought I said to add extra garlic to the dish and the customer was obviously not happy. Then, I spilled a cup of soda on a customer's blouse. To make things worse, one of the restaurant's most loyal customers demanded to speak with my manager because she accused me of spitting in her drink. Just from this one day of working, I learned that being a waitress meant much more than taking orders. You must live by the "customers are always right" motto and good communication is a must. I obviously was not a waitress for very long. My next job was a cashier at a supermarket. The ability to communicate well with patrons here was a very vital part of my job. Currently, I am a nail technician where my development of communication skills is very useful when working with my clients. Through my part time jobs, I have come across many real world situations that I now have knowledge of.


Nowadays, there are many part time jobs that college students can do them. Although, part time job can help the finance of college students, but in my opinion, I think that it is not important for college students to have part time job. There are many part time jobs in our country. There are both good and not good part time. However, the both of part time jobs have disadvantages more that advantages to college students. There are two reasons that why part time job is not important for college students. First, part time jobs affect to student's study. Second, past time jobs waste student's time to do homework. First, the part time jobs affect to study of students. Part time jobs can be the cause that make student cannot get good grade. For example, if students spend all their free time to work in their part time jobs, they might feel so tried. When they have class, they may not go to their class. It can make they lose the knowledge that teacher teach in their class. Therefore, part time jobs can affect to student's study. Second, past time can waste student's time to do their homework. For example, students spend their free time to work in their part time job. The time that they spend to do their work is their time that they should do their homework. If they spend all their time to work, they cannot have time to do their homework. It might affect to their grade.


I agree with this idea, because some colleges students might have more free time when they have finish their classes. They should have more chance to work at any work places as a part time job. After they finish their classes, they should do other things to get money and experience about working at the real place. They will get a chance to work at those places where they have worked. It might be a way to reduce too much people who have not get works. There are lots of free times in the college that the students should do something instead of sleeping at the dormitory. The part time job is a way to improve the students working skill, because working in the part time is a little thing but has more advantage to the students. If the college students go to have a part time job, it might help their family's budgets which they have to pay for the students at the college. The students will get more experience, friends, working skill, and money when their have the part time job. Although, the part time job does not have only the advantage, it will have the effect from working at the part time job. Please have the part time job.


Now aday, many college students do a part time job because it is alternative choice that they can make money by themselves. Thus, it is good for their parents for they will save money too. By the way, doing a part time job is a much important thing for the students as they will have experiences in working and joining with other people. Experience cannot buy by money. The students have to find by themselves. If they have more experiences than others, they will have a chance to work in better job than another people because a lot of companies will choose person who has experiences first. The reason is that experienced student can learn a job quickly. Also, knowledge in university is not enough for the students. We cannot say that only knowledge will improve people. It has to have experiences too as in the real world we will work with other people. Nobody can do a job by you without others. Therefore, as you can see that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are several advantages for the students. More over, the students will get more experiences for doing part time job and will lead them to get a better job than others too.


I personally agree that the college students to have a part time job for three reasons. Firstly, some students are poor so they might make money from easy job. They can work in many place like gas station, 7 11, cartoon shops. For sure, the students would like to get money for their study; they can get the money from the part time job and can pay for everything about studying e. g. equipments, study fee course, clothes. Second, they will get some new experiences from their working more than studying in class. The teacher told me that experience outside is thing you can't buy by money. Working may give both good and bad thing to students but they can learn from their mistakes to make their life better. I think if we can learn from mistakes, we will be careful next time. Finally, the students are so proud when they get their own money by themselves. Not only themselves to be so proud but I think parents are so proud too. Absolutely, the part time job is significant for the college student to improve their life, to learn new experiences and to get money by their fighting. So, the college student should have part time job.


Nowadays, the commerce in many countries is bad that it can cause for many reasons such as politic, business, international contacts, education, occupations and so on. This affects college students directly and indirectly. After this situation occur in many country, the questions come that how the government or society plane to solve this problem, or whether or not the society has a good way out to help them that they are encountering it. In my opinion, I think that the college students should have a part time job. when students are studying in college they must spend a lot of money. Sometimes their family can not support them enough money so, if they have a part time job to work. It is a good way for them to help their family save money, too. Base on above issue, I strongly agree that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. Otherwise, the college students will be able make moneys to support their study and sometimes their family. The part time job is a good teacher for them to learn about experience in working and adapt themselves in other people. Also, they will know new friends and can share their opinion, too.


Now a day, The social of the world's have are many change in the social, culture, economic, education and fashion etc. Everything have changing too much and have different of thinking and life's style. The economic is a first trouble of the world. Everybody find to a good ways save money or find to a part time job for many money. And the University have are life's style for the students. There are many different thinking of yourself. Some students want to only study and practices the skill in the classroom, While some student's do not think that. Because they want to e+A2xperience of your life. They can apply the knowledge in the classroom into the job and the knowledge in the classroom not enough for them. And there are want to some pocket money after them studies finish all day. After that, they doing the homework or report to submit the teacher. Sometime they are tried, but a lot money for them. Finally, I think, if the students have a free time after study in the University. They can find the pocket money and met many people from a part time job, because it can make a good experience for you life and abilities of the free time.


Disagree because working with the school to negatively impact learning. Students may not know about. The study days in each hidden peaks take to review each lesson homework. If working with students with may not indicate the time. For example, a study of school nurse will work very hard time making no other way. If we choose to work together several times. Could not achieve what I do. not indicate when the time might affect the course of study is not complete. But today many students are working part time after more problems cost increases. Not enough revenue to expenditure. Works waste problems of the family. Tuition increases. Allow students to work part time. Many people can not break time. The need to stop learning. Some night work is not enough rest. When students can not make the lessons memorable. Subsequent problems such as school friends behind may fail the class repeat. Wasting additional money. Therefore, it should concentrate on learning because education is important. When you want to learn will succeed in life. Han is beginning of success. Make a good career. Knowledge is something that none of the lead from us. It is fitting that we go through. Education is very necessary for today. Application of making people trust are then required to study a Bachelor if we are proud of our parents and people around you will praise


I agree with the topic that part time job is important to college students because college students have to spend much money such as education, food, and accommodation. This is especially for students' education. Students should have a part time job helping them to earn much money. They can do a part time job after they have finished studying. Moreover, part time job is a good way that college students can practice their work skills before going to work in the future. On the other hand, doing a part  time job may not influence students' studying, if they allocate time to their studying. When the students can earn enough money paying for their food or their dormitory, their parents are not important to pay for college students. According to me, I have to work as a part time job. I sing every night earning much money to pay for my education and also pay for looking after my family. Actually, Part time job helps students to spend free time usefully. When students get a lot of money, they will give back to parents for making merit. So, college students should find out a part time job or jobs to earn much money, it will help not only your earning much money but also your practicing work skills.


I agree to have part time job. In summer is my free time. I can help my parents save money with work part time job. I can save money for pay study course in next semester. It's practice myself. You can work past time job in many company, such as, KFC, Mcdonal, 7 11. My parents used to tell me "experience is important than knowledge" and I believed it. I gain a lot of experience from part time job. In the future, I may study in abroad, so I must save money now. Past time job made money for me. College student have free time so much. They are spend for watch movie, talk with their friends. It doesn't have benefit. They should make anything that have benefit for their life. A part time job is choice which make money for students. Next summer, I will go to England for work and travel. It's new experience for me. I must practice speak English every day. It's so hard. I may live in London because there have many Thai restaurant. I need to work part time job in there. I don't know everything I say. It become to truth or imagination, but I will try to do it.


College students should have a part time job because Part time jobs are great work for a collage. These can be students, or people who don't need to make a great deal of money. People who desire to do something worthwhile with some of their time, or people who only to supplement another income. It can do in the evening of days, weekend, and the end of semester. Although it doesn't make a lot of money but those moneys might build the pride gives with yourself. Most college students will want extra money that apart from their allowance, if they have one. The extra money becomes a symbol of freedom to them, so that when they want to go somewhere, such as the store, they can buy what they want. The student can make your life easier by focusing on finishing school and then working later on. In fact, there are years of work available for the student after graduation. A better way to spend one's time is to volunteer or to do summer jobs. This way, no other "responsibility" gets in the way of one's schoolwork. They are not able to compete with experienced and better educated candidates, they can start with something smaller about their part time jobs.


In my opinion of course i agree with topic a, because I think students who have a part time job while they are studying can get the best experience more than another person. Big knowledge and big experience can't get from just only a class. Part time job make you to be a professional in one day because you make it everyday. Your days will be taking to the advantage. You will know how to divide your time each day which your part time job should be does not affect to your health and student academic performance, so you can get a good job without impede academic performance and school performance of their duties. Above expectations, You might find good friends and good boss that they can help you when you are in trouble in the future. About your love maybe you might find your real love at a office. Not only will you got a experience a good friend and a good boss. You will also get money, I think it make you proud in your self. The most important you will help your father and mother about the finance within your family and your father and mother will be proud in your self. Hey everyone Let's go to working.


I think is very important to do past time job bacause a past time job can make many experience for me and you will have inspiration for work in the future and part time job make many good idea for you it make you think carefully. Part time job is suitable for teenager in the present who want to buy many thing for yourself such as mobilephone bag cloth shoes ornament etc and if I do past time job I will have money to pay in my daily life and save money to use in the future for education healthy travel with my family etc and part time job can make me have responsible punctual and honest to yourself and office so if you do not have responsible punctual and honest you maybe lay out from the office. Responsible punctual and honest is very important not only in the office but also in the university too because we must take a class on time in every subject but I think we should do past time job in free time or in summer time because if you don't divide time you may be fail the exam and the important thing in this time is education for future and have a good job for look after your family.


I think I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job because of these four reasons. First, a part time job can give students many skills, many knowledge and many real world experiences that they can't receive from the classroom. For example, they can learn about life and foreign language from the peoples in their work. These may useful things for the best future. Second, a part time job will make them to be responsible and to be on time. For example, they must share between study time and work time. Third, a part time job can help them about their parents' spending, and it can teach them about spending money that they receive from working. For example, most students want a lot of money from their work to go shopping or to buy many things that they want such as cute accessories, new cosmetics, modern clothes, beauty shoes, ticket of the movies, notebook, camera, funny games, and mobile phone, but a part time job will let them know that they would save the money. Finally, a part time job can make many friends by working with other people. Students can do many part time jobs such as washing dishes and waitress or waiter.


Having a part time job is a good way to earn money. But if you have a part  time job, you must spend your leisure time by working in order to earn a lot more money. In my opinion, I think college students are not necessary to earn a lot of money. They can ask their parents if they are lack of it. But I do not mean that the college students should only depend on their father and mother, however, they have to live economically in stead of lose their time working to get money. Trying not to get a lot of bill from parents and living by the sufficiency economy are the best ways to help them save money and have plenty of time to spend by reading text book or doing school works, assignment, etc. A large number of college students, who have a part  time job, do not study well because they have to spend their time of studying to working. In comparing students who have no job to do, could study better the one who has a job and they have a lot of time to relax and study. So, I strongly disagree with the topic that 'it is importance for the college students to have a part time job.


In the present, a part time job has many job and has everywhere. It is an appropriate for students to have a part time job while they are study in college. Students can learn the job and practice the real an experience with themselves. A part time job is a good opportunity for all students. They should try to do that because it has many useful for the future of them. Students should not only study in class. It is necessary for teacher who has teach them to bring them for practice the real experience at out class. For examples at the hotel, restaurant, bank, bar, factory, post office and another job. When some students have finish for study. Sure, they are going to do a job. When they are found a job. They can pass the preview from boss of the job then work a job as easy. With only short time they can do everything about there job as automatic. So a part time job is more important thing for all students to practice and learn a job with themselves before they finish for study. I am confident that a part time job is the best way for them to have an experience.


Part time job is independent job. For someone a part time job have very important. Especially college student to want make money. For schoolfee, spend daily etc. And it have work's experience too. Part time job have many benefits such as experience in your career that you like. If you work in another line. You will have knowledge. Get new skills and experience more diverse. Protection money from the shock of unemployment for a long time. Likely be evaluated by the performance of the chief in your career that you do. Work schedules are flexible job than most. You can choose to work part time time you want to do. By the time convenient for you. And according to your interests. And this section to give you enough time to make occupation. Earn extra as you prefer. Part time job diverse and challenging experiences over. This and the increasing preference for work life balance go some way to explain the appeal of alternative working patterns. Part time job is to use free time to benefit as income. Creating a good work habits. About time management for maximum benefit. So part time job have adventages and dis advantages. Before you decide work, you should learn and understand a good job before.


From my personal point of view, college students should have a part time job. It will bring more advantages to their lives especially financial and social skill. For financial, it is good for students that they can earn money by themselves without bothering money from their parents, so that students might bother their parents' money only for tuition. Beside, they could gain more social skill from their works. For example, they might meet more people from many backgrounds, so I think it is good for students to learn about other people and they could lean how to live with different people. So, students will have more living skill to live in the society of variation. Moreover, doing a part time job might widen students' worldview. For instance, some student might be very shy in the class, but when they live in the outside society, they might not be shy anymore. On the other hand, having a part time job also has some problem; it might interrupt students' class hour sometimes. In my opinion, I think it is not a big deal for students who do want to have a part time job. It is because they should know their limit to do a part time job. So, part time job will not waste their study. Anyway, having a part time job of college students brings them more advantages though.


College students should have a part time job because they cannot make money by themselves so they will prepare and find the experience for their future job. They may help themselves by working after school and have some money to pay for themselves so their parents will be more comfortable. May be they will find the great experience from they part time job. Many college students may think that the part time job can make them not available with studying. That is the big problem for student who afraid about the studying might not be completely as they expect. By the way many students want to be the employee in the part time job which can earn more money because they will take care themselves and they can treat their parents too. I think part time job is good if job is safety for the students and make them look after themselves. So it so bad as the job that led them into the bad things that they do not know. The job will bring them into the new experience so the part time job can make the importance step for the colleges. But not forget be careful the society is more changed all time. However you must provide the way to safe yourself and helping your life before you make the decision to get some part time job.


Nowadays money is one of factors that is important to daily life. So many people want to do part   time jobs. For college students, I think it does not need to work a part   time job. Because you must study hard and have many homeworks to do. It make you could not study effectively because you will be tried from working. If you have the problem about money you should ask your teacher for advices. You would be sufficiency and don't waste the money to useless things. I think having a part time is not good for college student. some people do a part  time job and also get money from your parent. They don't tell them about the work they do. Some people do a part   time job for money to buy the waste things such as mobile phone, travelling and drinking. When you are tried from working you will not pay attention in class. And you also feel asleep because you do not have enough time for sleeping. Then it is problem of studying in class. You can not divide the time to study and the time to sleeping. Finally I think that at the present you should study first and when you graduate you can work everything that you want.


In the present society, the money becomes to a main factor in daily life. Many students have necessaries to find more money for their better life. However some students want to help their families in spending, so they must try to find the part time jobs. The life in the University, There are three important reasons to make the students find the part time job. The first reason is part time job can save their parent money. In each semester, there are a lot of expenses to pay for education. Some parents can't pay the whole, so the students must find more money for helping their parents. The second reason is part time job can make free time useful. After the class or practice assignment, some students may use their free time in various activities. The part time job is a good choice. Because they can use their free time useful and they can get the money from it. Finally, part time job can make more experiences for whom do it. The students who work part time job can get the experiences in working. Moreover, they can bring experiences they get to apply and use it in the future. For these reasons, it shows that the part time job is important for the students in the university. So, you should find and try to work part time job!


I think college student should have a part time job because of three reasons. First, college students will have more experience except leaning in class. For example the students will know how to work with other people except friends in class, and if you are studying in the college that are in time that you should prepare yourself before go to see the real world. I think work part time that is a way can help you. Second, college students will know it is not easy to earn money. The students will see a value of money, and they should be aware that how necessary to use money. College students will use money in the right way. Third, it is one way to help their parents to look for the money especially if your family is not so rich, it is important to help them by work in free time. For all of these reasons that are college students will learn more experience, will know the value of money, and help your family to look for money. Thus college students should have special work except learning in class. The best experience is something that you have to know by yourself, so one thing that will give you the best experience is part time work.


A part time job is a job in which an employee does not work full hours. Employment in a part time job has advantages and disadvantages which need to be carefully weighed when one is considering employment options. part time job often has the advantage of more flexible hours. Sometimes employees can at least partially dictate their own schedules, thereby setting up a job which is in alignment with life and other needs. Part time jobs may also offer benefits such as discounts to employees, and in some regions of the world, as long as employee works at least half time, he or she is eligible for other employee benefits as well. These benefits may include sick pay, insurance, payments into pension funds, or vacation time. In other cases, these benefits are not offered; this is one of the biggest disadvantages of a part time job. Many students work part time jobs to supply themselves with additional funds. Working part time is ideal for students, since it allows them to balance their academic needs with their school needs. Some student cannot do it because parent think it dangerous. They think he or she should study hard and stay at home with them.


I agree with the working class because I think it is helping himself earn the school and help alleviate the burden parents. I want everyone to have a job during school. As an experience to work. Working for your self the experience. It is learning is working with others. However if working in the school should not upset the students. Therefore, we should have a good time management in order to not upset the student. If we divide the time it would not lose both. Notice that today, everyone scramble for work. Since money is the main focus of all of them. All people of all ages are spending obligations. Therefore, the work part time job is the solution. There are many places open to students during class to work as MK, KFC, FUJI, shopping mall, restaurant, Ministry of various and other. Every place that allows children to work. I think the chance of running it should take the win. I see some people work part time job many to have the opportunity to talk with him. He was sent to school themselves. Home without enough money. He has things that he want to own his own. He fought with himself. He said that experience will teach us. Finally, I would like to leave that opportunities available for anyone who wants but in our choice of how to use it


I think the part time job would good among study. They could get furtherance because the part time job is planting of experience give me, Revenue for themselves, Help lighten the burden on the parents, and She was known to use Life in society. The part time job must work honest and do not cheat, but If we work alone and refused to attend; It may be something wrong. We should share a good time. If we do what was right and responsibility to do our duty. I agree, That is a good place to make to be used to pay expenses. As cost of the necessary do not have to ask their parents. Therefore, working part time is good. Therefore, working part time is good and creates revenue for students who lack funds. To provide opportunities for students; the university should be to support and encourage student leisure time and far from helpful drugs. For me, I think the university employment should be made part time students on campus to prevent the risk from the dangers outside. You will not have to pay the cost of travel more than necessary and risk of accidents that may occur. Comfortable for the parents at the University of child care may be better than that to work out.


When you study in college or university you should do many things that they are not related to your lessons. They are many experiences that you can find them out the classroom. A part time job is a good way that you should use to get new experiences. It is important for college students to have a part time job. A part time job is a good opportunity for students. You will gain something that college does not give you. The new experiences are an important reason that you will gain them. When you work, you will meet both new environment and friends. You can develop your skills such as communication, relationship, etc. Furthermore, you can get some money when you work. You can use it between you study without from your parents. Someone may think that a part time job is not useful because you have to have much time for study. If you can set your time appropriately, you will be able to do this job. There are many advantages if you have a part time job that they are beneficial for you. You should think that many experiences can not find in your classroom. I think that if you have opportunities, you should receive them and do them well.


In my personal point of view, only study is not good for student. It is like you do not open your worldview. Doing other activities provide more benefits for college students. I think that college students can do a part time job during their studying because it is a great opportunity to gain new experience in their life. And the students can apply this experience to the future work. Moreover, they can get some money from doing a part time job. If someone works hard, they may get a lot of money to support their life. In addition, it is a better way of college students to practice the skills they study outside class such as communication skill when they have to communicate with their colleague and their boss at work place. They can face new people, new friends and new world not only the world in their university. One important thing is that a part time job can improve self  discipline. The students have to manage their time properly if they want to do a part time job. So, it will not affect their studying. When we feel tired from work, we do not want to do anything more. You can imagine that if students have a test or homework, people who have good responsibility will deal with this task appropriately. All of this is just positive advantages of doing a part time job of college students.


I agree with college students have a part time job. I think, it is important to work for help family. If we can work and make money by self. It is means we can take care and support our family. Part time job will give many experiences. When you have a part time job you must have new knowledge, new skills and new experiences. Part time job that you work it can made search job right and fell right. You must have responsibility for yourself and your family. You can have money by yourself and can help parents to save money. I am one of college students. Now, I look for a part time job. I want to work. I want to have money to buy something that I love by myself. If I have a part time job. I think I will very happy because I can work and make money by myself. I want to save money that I make from my work. I never work part time job. I think, if I have part time job I will have new experiences. I want to be a working woman. That is one of reason that begins to be a working woman for myself in the future and you can be a good person.


Nowadays, Social around the world had a change. It made evolution such as technology, education, communication, culture, language, economic, social, etc. Education in Thailand was changed. In the past, A charges of education is low but now a charges of education is very high because have a tuition fees is very expensive. Then a cost of living is expensive too. A problem in the money for college students became important. Money received from family not inadequate for living. It made college students to have a part time job for make money and reduce a problem in family and the important, make money for use in education and make living comfortable. I do agree to have a part time job while being a college student. A part time job such as make in KFC, Swenzen, MK restaurant, Pizza Huts, 7   11, working in college, or employees serving food in the restaurants etc. A part time job will receive different money. Some where receive 25 bath/hour, some where receive 100 bath/day. However if college students to have a part time job every day and use a less money and save money, student college will have a lot of money and use life happily in the social.


I agree with topic A because an allowance from parents may not enough in some month so we should have a part time job to get more extra money. For all students who are not rich enough how do they buy their new clothes monthly if without more money that over used from their allowance. For example you must buy something for your friend in the end of a month but your mom could not give you dollars to buy it because it too expensive and not important to buy, so what would you do? Of course you need more money you should work to get money for many special ceremonies like farewell party, Freshmen night hosted by your faculty. All these ceremonies make you to get wonderful dress so you can use money from your job to buy it easily which is better than beg from your mom. Sometimes not only that special ceremony there are many things to but for your education at university like books pens if you can buy it by yourself you and your family will be pround of you and love you more than the last time you have ever paid by your mom's money.


Yes, I do agree that because learning from the field that we can bring knowledge of such use in future careers. At the same time period during which we learn that some time should be the time to get experience outside of education in our interest. Could, the use of free time to benefit one of the great experience to work past time work can be seen that the duration is to enable us know. Apart from that responsibility and academic, we have an increasing responsibility. Both will practice tolerance of ourselves that we will accept the opinions of others. Willing to study the experience of others more experienced. Patience is a henchman to others. We know how to adapt more easily to others as well. While working past time, we will help lighten the load of the other parents were proud that we make money during the time school is located. This small amount of money can lighten a lot of burden that your parents face. Not only lighten your parent burden it also make you feel proud of yourself because you can find money by yourself even you are not adult. We know that the money derived value. Our spending will be more orderly. Advantage of some of the time, we will not interfere with pocket money of the house ever.


A part time job is a job in which an employee does not work full hours and it often has the advantage of more flexible hours. Part time job seekers may be mostly students, householders who are engaged with other responsibilities. Many students work part time jobs to supply themselves with additional funds. Working part time is ideal for students, since it allows them to balance their academic needs with their school needs. Often, a school will provide a list of available part time jobs for the benefit of students. Today, a lots student are interesting to do part time jobs because it can earn extra money, make new experience, and meet new people. Then part time jobs may also offer benefits such as discounts to employees and in some regions of the world, as long as employee works at least half time, he or she is eligible for other employee benefits as well. These benefits may include sick pay, insurance, payments into pension funds, or vacation time. And especially student you can't miss opportunities to do part time job if you manage time well. It can pay much more than the basic hourly wage for you. Now, Finding part time jobs is not too difficult, you can surf the internet or find it on the newspaper. Then when you will receive good opportunities to get money from extra job. You feel proud! Finally, if you are someone that would like making extra money, why don't you finding a part time job to do and make big surprise for yourself.


I absolutely agree with that topic because a part time job will make someone has a skill with other older people, studying in the college is not enough for the world business right now. The students must have a great moral together with the best knowledge as they can. And the things that make them to be that point is the working with as many as people they can do with, first thing first, attending in every classes and every activities you interesting, while you are doing your job, make friendly with the other people there, not only the close friends, but also the leader and every important persons in that job, and preparing yourself for the job coming or doing the things you see them should have done with appropriately. Actually, every time you doing job, you'll face much of the obstacle in your unable with something. Do not be waiting for that, asking the leader for fix that problem. I think, just doing this, the working skill for the future is absolutely done a little. But you must be forget about studying in classes and the outside class for nice grade when you graduate, you will find a beautiful smiles from your family and your friends especially your lovely teachers.


The experience gained from a part time job is priceless. My first job was being a waitress at my parent's friend's restaurant. I thought being a waitress was to just be friendly and take orders and then the customers would leave you a generous tip for writing down their order so well. I had a positive outlook and attitude on my first day at work; however, things did not go as I had hoped for. First, I did not make myself clear enough to the cook when I asked him not to add garlic to a customer's dish. He mistakenly thought I said to add extra garlic to the dish and the customer was obviously not happy. Then, I spilled a cup of soda on a customer's blouse. To make things worse, one of the restaurant's most loyal customers demanded to speak with my manager because she accused me of spitting in her drink. Just from this one day of working, I learned that being a waitress meant much more than taking orders. You must live by the "customers are always right" motto and good communication is a must. I obviously was not a waitress for very long. My next job was a cashier at a supermarket. The ability to communicate well with patrons here was a very vital part of my job. Currently, I am a nail technician where my development of communication skills is very useful when working with my clients. Through my part time jobs, I have come across many real world situations that I now have knowledge of.


A part time job is very important for the college students because studying only in the college doesn't enough for your life. You go to study for have a good job in the future when you graduated from the college. When you apply for the job, you should have many experiences and you are considered from the committees before who doesn't have many experiences same you. The experiences are many jobs that you do when you study in the college. Although, you will get money or not. The part time jobs have inside and outside the college. When you do it, you will know and have many friends that inside or outside the college. You will have a big social. That have one ways is the part time jobs have for the poor students who don't enough of money for pay for study in the college. They will find the part time jobs to do for help their family. Sometime you can save your money for buy something that you want to get. And save your money for the future. I agree with the part time job is very important for the college students because it makes you have money for save or buy something and pay for study. And it very important when you apply for the job. You have many experiences with the jobs that you do when you study. You should to make your portfolio that performance your information and your works that you do. And finally, you should to find the part time jobs to do and you will get many benefits from it.


Nowadays, education is accepted wildly since sciences, technologies and communications are developing. It is necessary to have knowledge for avoid educators 'cheating. Studying in college can increase both knowledge and abilities in develop your country for high quality and modern because of the breaking through world steady. Employers, moreover, want someone who has knowledge and enough qualification to work with them. Although you have both knowledge and qualification that they need, you do not have any experience it is an disadvantage. So I agree with the topic that we should do a part time job during studying in college because a part time job gives both an experience and money. Beside the two things is mentioned, responsibility is the most important thing that you receive. In most applications need applicants who have some experience about job that you applied because working will face problems that you must solve it in appropriated ways and in time. If you have it, you will solve it easily in order to you have ever faced it. I what is more repeat that having a part time job get some money, new experiences and responsibilities, you can decreasing parents' duties which studying in college must spend a lot of money. If you could get money by yourself, you will be proud.


I think, a past time job is good experience for student because it is knowledge out side a class. This place you can find experience, new friends, new information, wages etc. You can find a place is want some student to do a past time job. A lot of place is can find some student because employer wants students have money and student does not ask money from mother or father. If you do a past time job during study you have a discipline and you will on time but a past time job is not good is you will have enough sleep, enough to learn and you will not be understand in the lesson a result is you will have low grade and it make you feel bad and you are not went to school or university but if you can make it. You are a good student and if you have high grade you are the best everybody is shocked in yourself. I think we are to do a past time job during learning but you must be time management yourself and take care in study very much. As much you can to do past times job during study.


I'm not agreeing with that because it wastes of the time. In college you have a lot work to do. Work with learn it hard but some people can do it, such as my friends. They have to work part time job in the evening to make money but for me I never want to work part time job with learn. But if I can manage time may be I can do it. For some student that work part time job with learn they had hard work because they tired from work and they have to learn sometime they work at midnight it make them don't have enough to sleep, so they for asleep in the classes. It not what the good student should do in classes. For asleep in class room can make teachers up set it not good for student and teachers too. But work part time job and have your own money it a good thing. You can by your own things by your own money it proud. If you work part time job you has to manage your time if you has bad manage your life will get down to the hell. I think work part time job it not necessary because you are a student it not time to work but it time to learn. You has to pay attention about learn not to work. You should use your time to clear your homework more than anything.


In the past and today, people of all ages find part time job in order to mitigate your parent. I think that the part time job is good work because use free time to be useful. Whether children or adults must to spend together. Therefore, we must help each other save. I agree with part time job in education age because student can find experience in work, such living in the work, problems with myself, learn to work and other. I think that we will be successful so we must start your own pace. Starting work money themselves is the first step to immunity, rigidity, resistance to survive in society. I used to part time job during school holiday about selling school uniform at Banglumpoo Bangkok. Revenue per day 190 bath. It ork hard but it's taught me patience. In the first I think I still can't but I tried during his to month. Finally I was able to stand. Although I have never work before but I do. Working is this, I have learn many things, such resistance to the boss, resistance to the collegue and work hard but I have compensation 11000 bath and I think I have more. I hope that everyone would think it was like my first step.


I agree with this because it is a good chance to do it. I think students should have a part time job if they have enough time. Students will get a good experience to make new friends, learn about the process of work, and can collect some money. A part time job is a good thing to do because it very useful that cannot found in the class room. It makes students learn and change some experience with others before they graduate from the university. There are a lot of benefits to have a part time job such as it make students carefully when they use the money, teach them on the time, and make them think carefully about their future. A part time job might be helping their parents about the money. You can make some money during studying in the university with yourself. You might have a lot of friends from your part time. If you want to buy something you can buy with your money and sometimes you money can helping your family too. You should to have an appropriate part time job, so you will pride in yourself and will have a good future. Moreover, a part time job might make you understand your life better or how to use your life in the society.


Part time job is a good thing that college students should have because they will get not only money but also many experience that they cannot find in the college. It will teach them to be mature because they will meet many different people, many different events and they must solve the different problems that usually occurs in different ways in the period of time work. Part time job makes them have a relationship with other people and will practice them to live in the social. In addition, part time job needs patience, it is necessary so much because past time job will make them tried so much and then may be less their efficiency attention in their class, so they must carefully it and if they can't go to study because they feel tried from work, they should ask theirr friend for homework or any handout suddenly and if they don't do like this, they may be miss point; in addition, it may be lead them to get less grade. On the other hands, if they can manage time, it will good to do part time job and study together by that result. In case of some student that have a problem with money, part time job is a good way to solve this problem because they can spend this money for respond themselves in daily and will not bother their family. Finally, they and their family will proud in themselves that can make money since studying.


I think it's important for college students to have part time job because they will have money for spending to buy something that they like, clothes, gifts, shoes, books, watches, computer games, etc. We always focus on children learn special. This is from the special school it is only knowledge of books. But from the work it will be knowledge of the world. (Special Education is an important thing but it is not that we must pay attention to that thing). In present it has more part time jobs for college students to do. So, they could find a part time job to do when they have free time. It's a better than they spend time for playing a computer games, surf the internet, or something that can make them to get track of time. When they have a part time job they will get the most experience from them job because they will have anything to do. And they will find that they can work well when they receive money from them job. They will use their experience for working in the future or they can use experience for studying in the college. It's can be better if they spend time to working They can spend money to buy something that they want to buy or something that they like!


Being college student is the sign of going to be the adult. You have to study hard to use the knowledge that you get with your future job. In my university, the third year students have to practice working with the company. I think the student who has more experiences shall do better work than the less one, because they know what to do and how to collaborate with other people in his or her workplace. When I was in Grade 9, I used to do a part time job at Nai In Bookshop. I worked as a seller. In each day, I had to get up early and went to the bookshop at 7 o'clock. I had to sweep the floor before the bookshop open and tidy up the different kind of books on the shelves. Every Saturday, I had a meeting with the bookshop owner, who said that I didn't know how to work correctly. I felt so sad that why she had to complain me like that. After that meeting, I changed the way I work. I tried to do the other things like covering a book, being a cashier or even pack aging the books into the big boxes and send to the one who ordered. I knew that my working was improved. It'll give you the useful experiences and some money! But Thailand is a little bit different from the Western Country. Thai parents often not allow their children to have a part time job. I think it is time to change the way we think about part time job. It doesn't mean you have to be a servant for money but it means you'll get some experiences, money and especially, "credits" for applying your future job!


A part  time job is an important for college student. Because the most student have a freetime in holiday or weekend a part time job is the way that we get some A2of money. we can bring this money to be a scholastic for the next time and every time. Who is doing apart time job they will have to a person who is work hard, to be attend in this job and keep the time, honest, love to doing this job the person who has a part time job. may be have an advantage more than another they have an a lot of experience get some of money have a new friends and new society they can bring a knowledge and experience that they have can applied with situation or manage problem in daily life. the person who have a part time job. will be control our life. that can go on that they want. They know the value of those money that they earned. in their future. they have a chance to get the good job. because their part time job will encourage them go to the good future they do happy in their life. and successful from experience.


Life at a college is a worth and memorable period for most people. Students want to keep any experiences for their lives. An important reason why we come to the college or university is we come to gain knowledge. It do not enough for live their lives in the college. Lives in the college are a good time to learn many things. A good way to gain good experience while we are studying is do part time job. Most people think that students should study only. It is not necessary for them to do part time job. It is not their duty. Parents have this responsibility. Somebody might say that doing part time may effects their study such as their grade. Doing part time job is a good way to support education. It is pretty good, if the part time job is related to their subject that they are studying. Moreover doing part time is like a good practicing before we go to our real job. Another reason why student should do a part time job is helping their parent about educational expense; many families do not have more money. If we can help them by doing part time happily, we should do it. In short, we should support students to do part time job. Time in the college is quite short. We should use any second for useful activity, and gain any good experience as much as we can.


To spend the life at the university is clearly different from the high school or Mattayom. The very important thing that everybody would think of is the expense at the university. Nowadays, many students have a part time job. I think that it could be important because the expenses in the university's life is very high. Many students are not wealthy themselves, so they might find the way to get money. The part time job could be the first way that they choose. I think for the college students, it should be important because it could help the student to gain more money and it also help their parents about the expenses of family. Some students can earn a lot of money from a part time job. Sometimes it is more than the money that they get from their family. But for the students who are wealthy themselves, it might not be so important because that their money is enough for month. Therefore, the part time job could not be important for them. Most of those student who work for the part time job. I think they could not find any way to gain the money. By the way, the student should be careful when they work because it could disturb their studying skills and the leisure time. finally, I personally think that the part time job is quite necessary to the students because it could help their parents about the expense at the university.


I think in Thailand it's depend on each person because they don't have the same background about financial. They shouldn't decide to do part time job by themselves but should ask their parents before they make a decision because some jobs can cheat you by paying high incomes but don't have a royalty such as break the rules or offend the laws. Moreover, they should manage time for jobs and time for study. Anyway, In Europe or USA it's important for college students to have part time job because it's can prove that they have mature to do everything by themselves and make they have more self confidence and ready to create their own life style. the benefit of part time job such as you will have more experience, you ought to solve your problems by yourself, your parents would proud of you because you can relief your parents expenses but everything may be have disadvantages such as if you can't manage your time, your grade will fall down and make your parents disappointed so if you want to do this you must think twice that it isn't too hard for you to do and don't make your parents upset.


In Thai society, there are many college students or even university ones doing part time jobs because they would like to make money for their own life while they are studying. When they do it, they will have experiences and enjoy doing it because they may earn some money per day or even per hour. There are three reasons why it is important for college student to have a part time job. First, students can promote their study through part time jobs. For instance, if a law student finds a part time job in a law firm; his practice will enable him to better understand what he's learned from books. What's more, the part time job can offer him opportunities to go beyond what he's been taught in class, and he'll learn something that doesn't exist in books but in practice. Second, I agree with the college student to have a part time job because when he does not have enough money, he can find a part time job to do after school. He doesn't need to phone his parents, and ask them some money. When he does it, he might work with his colleagues then become friends. There are many benefits when he does it. For example, he will have some money to pay for his dormitory, food, or even course registration. Third, last but not the least, part time jobs can partly relieve students' financial burden, especially those who are from poor families. College tuition fees have greatly increased in the past ten years due to the new educational policy. Many students from poor families cannot afford college fees, and our bank system fail to loan college students as effectively as it does in developed countries, so taking part time jobs becomes a way for them to meet their great expenses in campus lives.


I do agree this topic because I think teenage is the powerful age. They can do more than they expect and this age can learn fast so it's easy to do many things. I think students should not only study but also learn life through the experience after school by themselves. The value experience is out of class that they should learn because teacher can not give you the real experience. The advantage of doing part time job, they can earn money by themselves everyone know time is money. I think working for money and experience is the better way than letting time fly for nothing. But it's important to divide suitable time to do everything such as study time, work time, relax time etc. If you spend the time in the wrong way it may impact to your study especially your exam. I think study should come first another is just the way you should learn in your lifestyle. Besides you can get money from your part time job. You also get useful life skill such as how to work with co worker, how to manage your emotion, how to make relationship. These experience will make you braver and stronger. And your parents will be proud of you.


Almost students who haven't had a part time job don't have a good experience to improve themselves to be adulthood. Every part time job is a way to make a person adult. If they didn't have a part time job, they will not know that what is important for life. This thing will provoke people to feel what life means. When they work, they have to think a lot. And they will meet a lot of failure that make them strong. Moreover, they have to plan what should to do in one day to be not much fall. I know a person, she is poor and her parents were died, is very industrious. She works in every evening and she told me that if she doesn't fight, she must be died. I think she has a lot of obligation to strict herself. Although she hasn't have parents teaching her, she always teaches herself and step to be a strong girl. Comparing to others who have parents, I think if they work a little, and observer what should do. I think it can increase the ability of the students in learning too because they know what to do for the life and then they can plan for reading or everything that can improve them. Thus, Part time job is important for the students to improve them in many abilities.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job? In my opinion I think it is important for some of students who is quite a poor or be lack of money. They need money that can solve their problems because nowadays money is very important in daily life, so they must do the part time job. That is the way to help get money. This case show us the importance of part time job for the poor student. For the wealthy student I think it may important or not for them because they can do it if they want or not if they do not want to do, money is not important for wealthy man. Doing part time job is one way to get the social experience. You might meet new friends, maybe good or maybe bad. You will have a good training such as leaning to be patient with many bad situations or trying to be optimistic with something that you can not stand. Even though you are the wealthy man or you are very rich but money can not buy you everything you want. You need to find something you want like the experience by yourself.


In the daily life, we have many activities to do in the free time. Someone play sports, play music or something which they like, while many people have a part time job. Most of them are the high school students and the college students who want to earn by themselves after their classes. The part time job is a choice for many people and the students who want to make money on the free time. There are many reasons that people want to do a part time job. Someone wants to find the experience but someone wants to earn money by themselves. Obviously, there are many college students who work a part time job because they have many expenses in their educational. The part time job can help them earn money for their educational and also provide them with some benefit on job. It isn't easy to work while studying because the students need to balance the work, home and their educational. Each country has a law about job for students or teen, they set how many hours a student below 18 can work, parents permission requirement, etc. There are many kinds of part time job which popular such as cashier, waiter in the restaurant, food service, tourist, etc. It is the other choice which you can choose. This way is popular for the people who want to spend the free time to make money. The part time job give many things to the worker more than we think, not only make money, but we can find the good experience from its. Moreover, as a student they will proud that they can earn money by themselves. It is the good way to create students to be a good worker in the future.


I agree with having a part time job because it is very important for the college students. It is the best way that the students can manage or organize their time. The students can manage their time to do everything step by step. They have to do a time table for their daily life and this is the one method that they can remember which things they should do in each day. Moreover, giving special money inspired the poor college students want to have a part  time job. They will give extra money from a part time job and this one can confirm that they can work by themselves. They can buy special things such as textbooks and fashionable clothes by using their money. Not only money that they got, they will get more experiences from working with other people. Experience is the best thing that we cannot reach it from class rooms and they can also exchange the new idea with other people who come from different background knowledge. It can make us to be more responsibility people. This is the best experience background to be worked with other people when they graduated. So, the college students should have a part time job.


Now, College students have a part time job more and more. I think it is important for college student. First, you will have many experiences when you applying for a job you will have more qualification than another that increase your opportunity to work where you want. Second, when you have a part time job you can make new friends or new colleague I think friend is important when you have problem your friend should help you solve it and if you have many friends your friend can help you everything in the future when you work or need some help. Third, you will have income for everyday use I think it make you proud and reduce supporting from your family. Last, part time job is make you feel grow up and more responsible. But part time job spend your time to work you should pay attention to learn first. And some part time job is very tried for college student. You must seek part time job with carefully. I think part time job is necessary for someone who likes to learn and work together. Part time job is good for college student if you share your time good it make profit to you. You will good at learn and work when you graduated from university.


I agree with this statement that having a part  time job is important for college students because in the college, students have to spend much money for anything such as food, registration fee, vehicles and so on. Students have to spend much money for education too such as stationary, book, work sheet and their uniforms. Therefore, they should earn money by themselves to help decreasing their families' earnings. In some case, some families are poor, their parents are farmers or gardeners which it is hard to earn money to support their children because they do not other work except farm working, so they can not earn much money to support their children for education. Therefore, if children have a part  time job, they can help their parents to earn money too. The important things about part time job for college students are it shows that they are adult which can help them by themselves, they use their free time to be advantage and they will realize money is worth which make they are thoughtful before they will spend money. Moreover, having a part times job can help college students do not use their time to do bad activities such as drinking alcohols, going the night pub or bar, but when they finish their class they will do part time job. Although, college students do both part  time job and study, but it has many advantages for them to do it. Students should help them by themselves because they are youth and will be adult, and in the future, they have to take care of their family too.


For study at school or university, we must spend a lot of money. We pay for food, transport, books, equipment, apartment or studio etc. Some parent have money for support their kids, opposite if some parent have not money for support them. What they can do for study in the college? Now, the poor students have many ways to find money for studies in the college, for example; loan for student's loan, get the scholarships or have a part time job. If  the loan not enough for pay every thing when we study at the college, the scholarship not enough for every student, we can have a part time job. In the city, it easy to have a part time job. We can work at 7 eleven, Mcdonald's, KFC, The Pizza, in the restaurant. We can delivery pizza, newspapers or work like a messenger. If we study in the country, we can work at the restaurant or work in the college. We erne money from the job, we have an experience too. We must organize the time for class and time for work. We know people when we work. However, If you are the rich student, you can have a part time job like the students in USA or Europe for learn the people, develop your EQ, human relationship and have a good experience too.


I think college students should have a part time job because it may be good for them when they have to work in the future. College students will get many advantages if they have a part time job. In my view, we cannot do anything good in the first time, so if we can practice before work, it may be better than we never do anything. It may be a fault, but at least we used to try once and we can learn from our own fault. In part time job, we do not learn only the way to work, but we learn to live with other people too. We cannot stand alone in the large world. One day, we may want some help from our co workers, nobody knows. Moreover, the part time job may help us to find what we what to do when we graduated. We should try to do various works. When we try to do many works we will know what we really want to do in the future. In addition, we can help our parents to save money. We do not need to beg the money from our parents if we have the part time job. We can find the money by ourselves, so they do not need to work hard. We will be proud whatever we done.


In my opinion, the past time job is very important for college students. First of all if we have a past time job we will deduct a lot of money from my parents. Also, if we have we're mommy we are can pay some thing for we are family, we are parents and I. Secondly, if we have a past time job we will spend the free times for the past time job, that if we don't have a past time job. Maybe we will spend the free times for the thing it bad for example we will spend the time for the internet all day all time, will spend the free times for the TV and Radio. Maybe, we me be use the duct and gambling. One reason that if we have a past time job we're will have experience in that job and we are want to be flow to make that job in the future if you want. The last one if you can make money by your self you will feel so good and fell proud not with you but with your parents too. As you can see the past time job is very important for college students and it can make you many feel many experience, So we should have a past time job.


I think it is not important for college students to have apart time job. I have three reasons why college student should not have part  time job. Firstly, College students have parents to support them about cost of study. They should only concentrate on study not doing part time job. In my opinion, their parents want them to pay attention to study m ore than doing a part time job for sure. Second, if college students do part time job, they could not have enough time to study and do their homework. In addition, doing part time job is not good for their health, because they have to study at day time and do part time job at night time. They might be so tired. When they were in class and could not pay much attention to class. It is not good for their health and it is too hard for them to do two things in the same time. These are reasons why it is unnecessary for college students to have a part time job. They have parents to support them a cost of study, it could make them pay less attention to study if they do part  time job and it is not good for their health.


Nowadays, many college students prefer to do part time job for many reasons both positive and negative reasons. For example, they want to help their parents to get money, and they want to buy brand name products or serve their desire. However, I disagree that college students have a part time job for three reasons. First, they should have enough time to do their assignments or reread books that they studied in classes. I think that it is more important than doing part time jobs because it is their main duty. Second, most of part time jobs have to do on late night. So, it is so dangerous when they go back home as you can see criminal news in every day. They should safe their life for the glad future. Third, they might have not enough time to take a rest. They have to study a lot and hard studying in each day. For this reason, they might be tried and sleepy when they are in class. Therefore, college student should give more time for their duty that is studying. Part time jobs might disturb the main duty. It is better if college students do many jobs after they granduate.


I think working part time job for college students is a good thing. Because it will help their parents. May be a part, half, or all of their spend in whole semester. I think money that they receive from employer as much as full time job, but it is one way to help their parents. When they working and find the money with themselves, it is a pride of themselves too. They know spending money, realize the money, sufficient, etc. Working while they are studying of college students are not only for get the money, but it is a find experience before they see the real work after graduate. People who have experience before this, they will solve the problem, have a planning, and ready to work in different situations that will happen in the future. The best way to find a part time job should choose work that fit with yourself, fit with major that you have studied, or work that you like the most. If you like your job then you will work better than the work that you do not like. You will do very well. I agree with this topic because if I have a chance I want to work part time job too. I think it can help our parents. May be a little, but I think I have a pride of myself if I can find amount of money.


I agree because the college students should work part time job. it have many benefic of part time job such as 1. college students can find some money from its. 2. it very exciting for whom stay home all day in the weekend. 3. you might have leisure time, you should use its worthwhile. 4. although it will hard for you who a. college student studying in high level education but its will make you patience of sociality because some jobs you must organize with a. employee whom madding when you ordered mistake. for example operator and waiter waitress etc. 5. some money from your part time jobs could paid semester expand and many expand such as for daily food, some thing, instrument etc. 6. your parents will see you growth and ready for living of yourself. 7. its practice you are hard working because you can't be lazy: you must studying and working at the same time otherwise your grade will drop down. 8. you will have many friends from part   time place :boss or manager, older or younger person whom is worked cooperate with yours. So, its will practice you make a. relationship with others. 9. you will learn exhaust of working. Working is more exhaust than studying at the collage. 10. you will receive experience while part   time working: endure, hard   working, make a relationship with other etc. 11. If you save money while you working part  time job. you will have a. lot of money by you don't feel yourself.


Since students step into the college, a lot of them want to learn and get the most knowledge and more ability for working in the future. In addition to classroom and learning outside classroom can gave them more knowledge, include working a part time job. A part time job gave many advantages, because there are many things to learn and many case studies to receive for prepare to working. Is the learning outside classroom and learning experiences outside the classroom in mind the fact work, it easy to qualify when graduation. Moreover it generates revenue, which reduce expenditure from them parent. If they have tried, it might make them aware of their own ability or can develop better, for example: if some student can play music or have a good singing then he or she work a part time job with music, it can develop in him or herself. A part time job is considered important to students on college. Students who have passed the part time job are more experience than students who not used to work part time job. For educational quality, this should encourage students to work part time job for finding or develop their ability and more knowledge than in the classroom.


Everyone needs money for living. Money is very important for our life. Many students have a part time job and also many students don't have any part time job. I agree that it's important for college students to have a part time job because having a part time job is quite good for college students who want to help their parents. Having a part time might be good for college students who need experience. I see many rich students having a part time job because they want to have an experience for their life. I think having a part time job will let you learn how to survive your life by yourself. I think it would be great if you can manage your pocket by using your own money, not your parents. If you have a part time job, you will understand the word "learning with studying. " For disagree, when you have a part time job, it means you have more duty or more responsibility. You will get more tired. And it may effect to your studying. Your grade is going down. So, you have to make sure with yourself that you have enough patience and you can manage your time very well. In conclusion, having a part time job is important or not important, it depend on you. Just try to do your best.


I think it is important more for college students to have a part time job because if I finish study. I will have experience for career and meet many people. I will have money for reserve to spend everything when I have not money. It makes me grow up and many responsibility. I think my parents are proud of myself that I can do many things by myself moreover it gives me confident when I find work. Don't shy to presentation to people when I am work. It makes me ask questions that "Have you ever worked when you studied in college?" It makes me spend time to be useful and do everything by myself. It makes me proud. But sometimes I think it is not important for college students to have a part time job because it might make me do not have time for to do homework. Review exercises or read books. And it might me sleep less. Don't understand when teacher teach me or sleepy in classes. And it might me send homework not on time. It might makes me tired and don't have time to do activities at University. So I think a part time job has both advantages and disadvantages.


A part time job, it is a popular in a college students to have a part time job. It make money for them, make them can buy something that they need and make them have a pocket money. But it is based on work she did. I agree that college students to have a part time job. It makes extra income during study. It is training a good experience for you. I used to think it will do part time job but I have no free time and study hard. I think college students that do part time job is good. They must be people with high liability. They have to study and work together. So they should learn to share a time for study and part time job for good. They should not choose a work more than a study because study is important. You should think well before going to do part time job that will not make you loss for study. However, it all depends on you. You have to decide for yourself whether you do or not do and have enough time. If you decide to do it, you should do it your best.


The important thing for college students are Time management. You should to know how to organizing your time. Don't say with teacher "I'm working a part time job" when you sleep in your class. It's not a good reason. Someone does only job. Don't have time for friends and education. Someone doesn't have enough money for using so they have to do a past time job. And the important thing is safe your money. Don't buy everything you want. You can set your goal. EX. In this month I'll use just 5, 000B (for food, bus, shopping and everything) May be you write taking note how many you using in everyday. You'll know and you can plan your money's future. Your health is the most important. You must care your healthy. If you want to have a part time job, I recommend that first you have to ask yourself why do you want to work. You want to have extra money or want to have experience or want to spend money on something that you cannot buy. There are many reasons. Second, you have to select the job that you like or the job that is good for you. The college should not work at night Ex. Clubs, bars, dace places at night. When you get the job, you should manage time. I don't agree that some students want to work and earn money but don't care about university. Part time job is for experience not for everything but can support when we have a permanent job.


Why the students to find part time job is. Demand for money Because money is very important in university life. But it may not always most important to everyone. Why money is important because. In today's high cost of living accommodation and food value. Accommodation for study, and more if we lack these things. We may have difficulties in living this very reason, money is the main reason for living. But another thing to find in the overtime. Strengthening of friendship and sacrifice, as an adult. And responsibilities etc. Because of this, part time work is important in many areas. Some people may think that just like money. But what was to come. May be greater than the money to acquire. We call those things that tighten experiences. Tighten experiences is very valuable. No matter what replaces it is not. The year we will be looking to tighten the only way is to waste time, wasted body and must have inspired much patience. I think working Part time as leisure time is very useful. Both as a waiter. A cleaner and more employees. Each profession has different interests. Some professional teaching tolerance Some hard career to teaching. But all give the same professional is Experience.


It is very good for college students if they could have a chance to do part time job. Therefore, college student should have a part time job for 3 reasons. Firstly, they could earn own money by themselves without asking for any money with their parents. College students who are not rich might have their budgets to live and could help their families. Secondly, they would learn how to manage their time when they have to do part time job. They have to study and do the job. That is very hard and tied. So, they would get more experience to deal with their time to do 2 things equally and well. Finally, college student would get more new experiences about do a job than others. They would know how to cope with the problems in the company or stupid customers. It could apply with their study in the classes. So, their study might be better. In short, part time job have many benefit for college student. It would make the students have their own money, learn and know hoe to manage their time and spend it worthwhile, and get the great experiences in the job life. So, shall we do a part time job.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job, because it is very fun and increase college students' experience in social, team work, make friends and others. College students should help themselves more over for practice themselves to leader of social in the future. College students that have a part time job, will be fun because they use their free time to make them and get friends. Especially for summer, it is so long time to have a part time job and many companies are interested with this. And it helps their family to save money. Such as job of service that is popular job for college students because it is easy and many positions. College students that have a part time job, will increase experience in social, team work. Such as, in KFC, everybody needs their duty, manages their time for work and plans their money for everytime. That is a way to leader of social. Working be team is basic of human lifestyle. People need social, talking, learning and cheering. These show communication, colorful of life, really important for life. A part time job is so important for life of college students. One person has a past time job for many reasons. So, the college students can't miss it.


In the present, the social has many problems about money. It's efficient to many family in social. Although, many children will want to help his or her family urgent. It's efficient to social better more than before because almost many children can help they self. That's the important that social should be support are they. These children are the hope of we, of social, of country. They can make future that better more than now if you give they are have a part time. When they has an experience they have good thinking. I strongly agree with that because it can help parents to save a lot of money and get good experiences for work. Money is important for education. When I need use money for education, I can use my money. Parents are proud in your child. Parents think me to grow completely and spend free time usefully. It's better than play games or shopping. However studying is more important than do a part time job. They should spend time appropriately. They shouldn't work so hard that they can't go to university. I think college students who have a part time job are good and diligent. I hope they will be happy in the future.


It is seems that a part time job is increasing in Thailand. Many University students also work during study. Because it is a good way to make money for paying something necessary for their studying life. Moreover a part time can help the students take responsible and taking care of themselves. I agree with this; the students should have a part time job. So in this essay I'd like to explain in two reasons of important part time job. First is students can make money during study. Second is part time job give us a good experience. Many parents agree with a part time job of their child. Nowadays many family can't afford for their children college. Part time job is a good choice for the teenager who want to study in University, but have no money. It is very easy to find a funny job. The teenager can find a job in fast food restaurant. For example KFC, Mister donut, The pizza etc. Some of my friends only study in University. They never have a part time job during summer or study. When they finish college I think it so hard to learn about work of them. If we have a part time job, we also learn to live with another person in society. We can meet many people and work with them through our service. A good time and experience will teach us in social working life. In conclusion I think a part time job is important for college students. Because it is the base way to prepare their life before get a degree. A pert time job can make us happy and funny during work and it is the first step of our work life.


A part time job. It's good thing. It get new experience for people never have a part time job. And It get a new friend, money, new experience. We can spend free time for benefits. but it's tried and must allocate time. So I think it is important. Because It will help college students have a part time job for new experience, But they must leave study or allocate time. they can train speaking english. So they may be speak english better college students haven't a part time job. They get salary and they get money or tip from Customer. Have money for shop. It's spend free time for benefits. Someone is fun for a part time job because have many friend, speak English. So I think college students have a part time job will get many experience more than college students haven't part time job. But they have time for homework less than college students haven't job It get our hardworking, patient. So college students have free time. It's good thing if you will have a part time job. they shall allocate for job, homewark or another activity. Important is you have to patient and Attemptment. Have a fun for thing to do.


It is very good for the college students since they need more money to use for their education. Now a day, I see the majority of the college students work part time job after their classes. Some students work full time job on their holiday so; I think part time job is important for college students very much. Why part time job is important and benefit to college students? There are three reasons; make money, use their free time, and support their finance. First of all, part time job is important for college students because they can make more money to use for their education, to use for their everyday life, and so on. Many college students use more money for their education such as pay their stationary, pay for their study register that everything need more money. Another reason, part time job is benefit to college students so much since they can use their free time to work and to earn money in the same time. Some students in the college use their free time to play games, to searching the internet, and to something useless. If they have part time job their free time will be useful. Last reason, part time job will support their finance because some of them come from working class family that get financial problems if they work part time job they will be better. In conclusion, part time job is very important for the college students since they can make money, use their free time, and support their finance.


Nowadays, the part time job is very popular and important to students in college. I also agree with the topic. Because students can get many benefits from the part time job. There are three reasons that why part time job is popular and important to students in college. The first reason is money. If student have a part time job, they will get some money which can help their life like they can buy the new things. For example, they want to buy new mobile phone, then they can buy it. Because they have their own money, which they don't need to beg from their parent. The second reason is experience. The part time job can give many good experience to them. For this reason is very important because they can improve themselves all the time. Importantly, improve themselves to social life. And they will be stronger and can deal with any problem in this world. The third reason is friend. The part time job is the thing that can help student get a new friend. The work place can help them easy to make friend with other people. Surely, they can get many new knowledge from them. Then they can improve themselves or up to date themselves to the social too. In conclusion, everything in the world can help people get good and bad things. Therefore you should try to find or learn from these things. Then you will get a perfect things in your life.


Many student in abroad have part time job when they study in the University. It is important for college student to have a part time job. Because it could be help make them have knowledge when they do it such as washing car, washing cloth, washing dish, look after baby, look after pet, look after house, work for did report, and other work. They can to know that they should adapt themselves for these social. It mush to be try and it is very hard for do it between study. They can help themselves and their parents for find money. May be it can help people in the family such as look after sister and brother. It has many experience for did these works. They could solve urgent when time of works. The part time job can help to be adult, it is helps to know time that ought to pay or keep money. And, It can help organize timed was to habit that what time to work or to study. They do not to loaf the time. Sometime, college student to have a part time job have money to much until they can pay money for something that very expensive such as car, rented house, or condominium.


Everybody knows that free time is very precious thing for life. Someone doesn't have a free time to do the precious thing. Why the free time is more important for life. Everybody wants to know. When you are a student you had a dream. What I would be in the future. Students have a lot of free time to do everything. They have much time to find many experiences. Knowledge is not only come from the classroom, it can also come from the experience. Many students like to find a new experience from working. Working is the shiny way to go to the goal. If students have a part time job now, they will find a lot of good job which is related about their knowledge in the next time. As you know, there are a lot of kinds of part time job for today. Students can choose in sometime. Some student can't choose in sometime. Most of students choose a part time job. If students choose too much, they will fail or miss a part job. A part time job can make a lot of money. Most of students like to divide some money to use in necessary. It can make them to be a responsibility. This is the main reason why most of student like to do a part time job.


In the past part time job was not popular in Thailand. Many people thought that only poor people that have to do part time job for money. But in the present, everything were change. Part time job is getting popular today. Many students want to get part time job for money. Some want to work for experience. The last vacation my friends worked in one restaurant. They work for experience, friendship and a little money. They wanted me to do it too but I can't go to work with them because I have to work for my family business. For me I think part time job is interesting but I don't want to do it. I want to do the best for my study. I think part time job will use a lot of time. I want to use that time for my extra studies and read more books and many free time activities. If I use my free time for part time job, I think my grade will be worse than do not have job. Only study in my faculty is too hard and very tired. Everyone must read a lot and remember all of the knowledge that we had learnt. So I had no time for part time job.


Nowadays, the world is changed so many people have to active and energetic human. Every generation has different thing to do. For example the parents have to work for their sons and daughters. Sons and daughter s have to focus on studying. But many college students are going to find a part time job to do now. It isn't important thing for them. They should empathize their studying. If they work for part time job, they maybe no time to read book. Most of part time job is limited; they have to do at least 6 hours per day. Actually, the college students have learnt for 3 hours a day. So they don't have enough time to prepare or review their daily lesson. It's OK if you don't review it regularity but for Mid term test or final test. You must have time for reviewing. If some college students do part time job, surely they must be tired from their working and they can not attend the class in the morning. Unfortunately, if they get hurt from their work and are sent to hospital they have to stay for a week and can not follow their friends in class. Finally they may not pass the examination or quiz.


Part time is a good thing to do it. But in fact every body can't make it. Because some student don't have any time to do part time. For example doctor because they are very study hard. Part time is a good choice for student don't have money to fine money more for study, buy everything if they want. How to do part time you just to have responsible. And you can find that in internet, newspaper, school and you friend or family. Coffee shop is a popular place to do part time for students in Thailand. Because it a funny job and have a smart uniform. 7/11 is a part time job is very popular too, so you can make part time if you want to do it. Benefit of part time job is   Use time for nice activity.   Make money.   Will have a new friend.   Prepare you to future job. If you do part time job you just separate time for read the book, exercise, hang out, do homework, do housework and relax. Because if you don't read the book you are fail on test and you will be a not good grad. So if you want to make money you should find a part time job.


I strongly agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The students should get a chance to learn new things and experiences from new environment outside their class or campus. Those experiences will enable the students to have more skills of how to live a real situation. For example, the students would have to face both good and bad situations, and they will need to deal with the problems by themselves. These problems can prove whether the students can pass tests and be strong enough to go out to the real working world in the future or not. Moreover, I believe that a part time job has a good potential to improve and test the students' patience, capacity, emotions, and many more. So, the part time job should be encouraged and considered just as a course for the students in order for them to encounter their real life, and then they will better understand what and how a lifestyle is. Besides gaining more experiences, a part time job can be a good chance for those students who want to earn more extra money. It is exactly why I really agree that college students should have a part time job.


For nowadays, because of the economic problems, it makes the people receive the money less than before, the effect is affected to the students also. I think the students should have the part time job. They can receive the extra money from that, and it can decrease the burden of their parents, that is a good thing to do. Almost of my friends they have a part time job, in different job such as cinema officer, cashier, teacher and etc. Their salary is about 4000 5000 baht, Are you still thinking that is a bad idea? And they got the friends from another college also. They usually do it after the classes, they go to the mall or department store for working or someone will work in the holidays. The part time job has many and many benefits, as long as it cannot be able to disturb their studying they should do, because they don't receive only the money but they can receive the experiences to go to work in the future, they have to meet a lot of people, of course they have different behavior. I'm sure that it can make them to be stronger. And the last important thing is they can buy whatever they want by themselves.


I agree with a it is important for college student to have a part job because I think spending free time to work a part time job is beneficial for me. I think we will get many things from doing a part time job. The first thing that we learn from it is money. Doing a part time job practice everyone to save money by themselves. It teachs every one to know money value and theach ours to know how to spend the money. Next I think doing apart time job make me know how to spend life in social because in real life we ought to relate with other people and it can't avoid because we can't live alone we have to talk with friends to go see a movie with a special one to dinner with family etc. If you spend your life alone you would be unhappy. The next we can learn from a part time job is communication skill because working in one day we ought to communicate with many people. It's practicing ours to communicate with people better. I think communication skill is necessary for everyone if we haven't a good communication skill it would be the obstruct for ours work. This is why a part time job important for college student.


In my opionion about part time job I agree with part time work, because, part time work is taking time free to the advantage, take time at exist to money and can make money with oneself must not beg for money you My good man. mother use, if know to take time out, regard about that gladden because, overtime work will make us has the duty enhances to are double, but, if, strange take time out well, will make what are we do? not good, such as, education, may bad down, have no office house hours, review a book, or, sometimes might come to study late because, relax not enough as much as, the body wants, but, if, we will can take time out already well then make our time is worthy more and such as more, take time free give born the advantage, enhance the ability gives with oneself, train the tolerance, have an experience in work TRUE practice, there is new friend get learn living and the hungriness are distress in making money, appreciate the value of money, and at important have who is money uses by must not beg for?, therefore already if, at handful works the part time [doing that action], request you make with full speed ahead and, should attend about the education well with, and? thatting look for the work is doing then, request think always that, must have the responsibility is enough if, there is the property fully follow this then, ready oneself look for a job immediately.


