I agree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country because smoking is bad for everyone. Every year, many people died of lung cancer because of smoking. Although knowing the serious data, there are still thousands of people smoke in Taiwan and the world. Some people might say that they smoke because they feel upset or angry but I think smoking for negative mood will hurt the body more and will not be happier at all. Moreover, smoking will make environment dirty and disturb the environmental balance, too. Smoking in personal spaces might not influence other people, but it can't be forgiven to smoke in the public spaces. As in public spaces, it is important and must to respect other people. Restaurant is the place where to enjoy foods and relax, younger or elder people would go to, so I think smoking should be banned at all restaurant for everyone's health. Furthermore, I think smoking should disappear in the world that can make people healthier because health is people's best treasure and will have a big influence for people from young to old. And it is lucky that can be healthy live in clear environment. To protect our country and earth, the government should send or revise laws to keep people be healthy and maintain environment clear.


We know the behavior of smoking is very awful; it not only injures your lungs but also hurts everybody around you. According to the drug will injure the human body, smoking has to be banned at anywhere except you are alone. Someone is smoking will influence other people, when you are at public place. While you are enjoying the delicious food, a man are smoking next to you, you must smell the flavor and feel uncomfortable, even if the dish tastes good, you just want to run away from the smoker, and don't want to going to enjoy your dish. Smoking at the restaurant makes everyone unhappy, and injures their lungs and yours. The flavor is easy to go with clothes, other people who are not a smoker will be influenced by the bad favor, making someone figure they are smoker and taking bad images. Not only hurting your health but making other people lose their human rights. If you do not care your health, there's no one can stop you smoking, but other people have the right to say "no" to your behavior. In order to everyone's moods and health and their human rights, smoker should be banned not to smoke at the restaurants and all public places.


Many people hate to smoke or smell the smoke, neither do I, because it may cause our health problems and other worse outcomes. If the majority of the public dislike the smoking behavior, the government should ban this kind of deed at all the restaurants in the country. Research has found that smoking do cause the health problem, such as cancer. As we know, people who smoke can do something bad to their health. However, people who do not smoke may be affected by those who smoke in the public by inhaling the smoke, and what's worse, the possibility of having a cancer is much higher than the smoking people. It is unfair to those who do not smoke. Besides, some people think that the smell of the smoke is pretty disgust, some even vomit once they smell it. If there is no ban to restrict smoking in the public, there might be more patient to be sent to the hospital. The most important of all, when we eat at the restaurant, we hope to have the clean air, soft atmosphere and the comfortable environment. If a guy smoke in such a place, the smell is bad, and it may pollute the air, and what's worse, it may cause the taste of food going wrong, further to affect the consumer's mood. From the points of view above, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants, for the sake of the public health and the comfortable environment.


It goes without saying that smoking do has bad influences on our bodies. If we keep smoking for a long period, we may be addicted to it as a result of the substance in the smoke named nicotine. It is possible that we are too addicted to quit smoking as we realize that smoking is such a terrible thing, unless we have the great determination and willpower to overcome all the difficulties we may meet during the time of quitting smoking. Besides this, smoking will weaken our lungs and increase the probability of suffering from lung cancer. Provided that we suffer from lung cancer, it will make not only ourselves uncomfortable but our family unhappy and worried about us as well, and the worst one is that we may even die because of it. Moreover, when smoking, we produce a kind of material which is so called "second hand smoke". Second hand smoke will affect people around the smokers, making their health become bad. They may also get the same disease and consequences as smokers. To sum up, cigarette smoking is really bad for our health. As a consequence, we should never smoke no matter what kind of conditions we are in. In addition, we are supposed to persuade our family accustomed to smoking to stop doing it.


I think government should set the rule which is no smoking in every restaurant in the country. First, smoke is not good to who is pregnant. Second, not everyone likes the smell of smoke. Otherwise, I think smoke is unhealthy active, kids maybe will learn when they saw that. The smoke also could let the restaurant into unhealthy place, because of second hand smoke. It's not a good thing for restaurant, because the consumer maybe less. Of course it's not effective policy. Because even government set that rule, the smoker could smoke outside the restaurant. But if it can make smoker less, I think it's a good situation. It also can let the restaurant's atmosphere become good. For smoker, it's a good chance to quit this unhealthy active, a lot of lung disease come from smoke. Many search can prove that. But it's not effective for the smoker. Because they rely on the smoke to less the pressure. The policy of ban the smoke just let the restaurant's consumer less. Because a lot of men want to smoke even they are eating dinner. It's unchangeable true situation. I think government should set more rule like this not only in restaurant. Try to make no smoke society. It's difficult but it's also could make the country into good situation. Because the power of government is from people. if people doesn't have good healthy, it's not good for the country's development.


I strongly agree with the issue because I cannot endure people smoking. Sometimes I can understand why people smoking, so I don't blame them. But when I want to take a break a smell makes me distracted. It is really not a good experience. Actually, smoking is not a good habit since it does health not good. More important, it affects not only yourself but also people beside you. It can hurt your breath system and even result in lung cancer by. Your teeth may be yellower and you can't give up this habit only if you make up your mind. You want one every time when you finish your dinner, lunch, even breakfast. You specially like the feeling smoking with your "good friends". You even like to go on smoking when your parents or wife (husband) want you not do. Give up smoking is a long long journey not only for you but also for your family. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. At least, restaurants should mark a place "no smoking" for a clean eating condition. A person who smokes should know that not everybody likes the smell.


In the science museum, there have a exhibition for two lungs, one is a lung who smoke, the other is healthy one. You can see a lot difference between two lungs, the smoked lung is black and broken. This tell us smoking is not a good thing, smokers have the choice to smoke, the other people have the power to say NO. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Every time we choose a restaurant to have a date, we go on the internet search for its information, call the restaurant for booking, finally it's the time. You eating and chatting, for a while, there comes a person sit next to your table and start smoking. What should you do? People like to do the things whatever they want, but sometimes the things you do may hurt yourself and others. For your friends and other people, if you want to smoke you can go outdoor the restaurant. Smoking should be banned because some of the people only think about themselves, there should have laws to tell them not to do. For our good health the best way is don't touch the cigarette.


According to a recent study, second hand smoking does more harm to nonsmokers than to smokers. Therefore, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country. I'm not a smoker, and most of my friends refused to breathe second hand smoking in public places, such as school, department store and restaurant. Second hand smoking causes air pollution and makes nonsmokers feel uncomfortable. The government should pay attention to this issue. Smoking is not only harm the smokers but also does more harm to nonsmokers. While the smoker's bodies have adapted the adverse effects of smoking, non smokers don't have this advantage. Restaurants are public places that everyone can come in and go out. Second hand smoking should be banned in the restaurant, and smokers need to obey the regulations and respect nonsmokers who don't want to breathe second hand smoking. The most important thing is that our government should make laws of smoking in the restaurants. Those people who smoke in the public places such as department store, school, and restaurants should be fined. And it can also establish a team to catch smokers who smoke in the public. Thus, is the best way to protect nonsmokers away from second hand smoking.


Many people like smoking, but I think it's very bad behavior. Convenient store can buy the tobacco leaf, its means it's easy to buy it. Thought the staff will let you shoe your credentials, it's haven't effect in reduce the smoking people's amount. Smoking will let people more and unhealthier. The heavy smoker's probability of got cancers is higher than standard. It's harmful to our body. Even thought the box of tobacco may print the pictures that people got cancer, but the heavy smoker doesn't care it. The most things to them are tobacco. I hate the smell of tobacco; it's will make me short of breathe. So I am gratified that there have no people smoke in my family. They don't harm themselves. My older brother told me when he is in army, someone tried alluring he smoke, but he reject, he think the health is the most important thing in the world, and the smell of tobacco is not good. I think smoking should be quick in the public place, because it is not that every can accept the un comfortable smell. If every heavy smoker smoking in the public street, we well smell it in the corner, but it's harmful to our body.


There are many people smoking nowadays, most of them are males. People start smoking since long long time ago. Though everyone knows that it isn't good to smoke, it can't be stopped. Cigarettes have some bad components, which will have harm to your health. According to the report, you have a very big opportunity to get lung cancer if you smoking for a long time of your life. Even though we all know about the bad effect that smoking brings to us, why we can stop smoking? Because there are some chemical parts in the cigarette, which will make people addict to it. If the person doesn't smoke one day, he or she may feel uncomfortable and thinks that there might be something wrong. There is another reason why we can stop smoking. There are a lot of companies who sell cigar and cigarette around the world. If the authority makes laws to stop them selling their products, they may have argue with government together. Many of these companies have great effect in their country and economy. Stop selling them may have bad result in economy. In order to control the amount of smoking people, the government higher theses product's price, hoping people can reduce buying them. But it doesn't work well at all.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. When I went to Japan, I saw many of Japanese smoking in the restaurant. As a foreigner, I couldn't say too much about that. But in Taiwan, still lots of people smoke in public places. The smell really makes me uncomfortable and dizzy, and so do those people who are not smoke. Especially restaurant is for eating. If smoking is allowed in restaurant, there must be lots of people that cannot eat comfortably. When discussing this kind of question, some people may say that ban smoking is not good to human rights. But second hand smoke will not only hurt smoker's health, but also other people's health. Also, environment will become worst and worst, and then hurt more people body. It is true that people have freedom to do what they want to do, but if it will hurt others, then it shouldn't be allowed. If smokers really can stop smoking and want to smoke sometimes, they can just go to a place that is only prepared for smokers. They will have 100% freedom if they are willing to smoke there. So maybe restaurant can set a smoking area for smokers, but not let them smoking in normal public area.


Smoking is a very bad thing. Someone who smokes has to abstain from smoking as soon as possible, and others who do not smoke should keep their good habits. Smoking is undoubtedly harmful to our health; people who smoke or smell the smoke are included. First of all, the ingredients in the cigarettes, especially tobacco, are proved to be able to destroy our organs and the nerve system a lot. Second, the bad smell usually makes people feel sick and can't stand the smell. By the way, I don't smoke, and every time I smell the smoke, I feel disgusted, and get a strong headache for a long time. Moreover, smoke will also cause damage to the environment. Because of the reasons mentioned above, we should do something to relief such a bad situation, which all of us do not want it to be more serious. We should ask our kids to keep far away from smoking, and make posters or videos to make people know the terrible result of smoking. Also, we should set an organization and a system to help smoking people cut out smoking. I believe if we keep calling on the disadvantages of smoking, the number of smoking people reduces.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Many researches have already proven that smoking harm human body including respiratory and nervous system. Therefore, governments in many countries set the law to ban smoking in public areas. But the necessarity of banning smoking completely at all the restaurants remains controversial. Some restaurant owners in Taipei city put a emphasis that their restaurants are smoke free. And most still are divided into smoking area and non smoking area, even some do not restrict their customer smoking. Second hand smoking is the most harmful passage to damage people health. And victims are always those innocent people who don't smoke but around some smokers. So we should restrict the smoking behavior happened at restaurants. But the question is whether restaurants should be regarded as a public area or not. We don't know government has the right to limit owners' way of conduction. In contrast, smokers would consider smoking should belong to the basic human right and law can't intervene into their life. In my eyes, it is not easy to determine the relationship between the restaurant and smoking. Since I still think smoking has no benefits to our health, we should ban this behavior in public areas. As for the legislative aspect, lawmakers have to solve this problem and keep brainstorming.


About smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think the public ban on smoking in a bill that must be performed. My reasons are three. The first point, many medical studies that the ingredients contained in the cigarettes will lead us to human health hazards. If the resulting disease, which will cause the waste of medical resources of our country. Secondly, cigarettes, and numerous compounds, will seriously pollute our air quality, if smoking in restaurants and other indoor areas, the pollution caused by certain more serious such an outcome will not only affect the power of the other guests do not smoke will pollute our food. Third, smoking, and cigarette butts left behind after the ash will cause environmental pollution. If not properly handled, is bound to become environmental issues. For these three reasons, I agree that a comprehensive ban on smoking in public places and restaurants. If you do not enforce the no smoking laws, I think there are other ways to solve such as the establishment to provide smokers with smoking areas. At least this way you can isolate the direct exposure to cigarette. But I hope our government should be more enterprising, in addition to legislation to ban smoking in public places, but also should be in constant force and effective implementation of the penalty


As we know smoking is an unhealthy habit. It is not only bad for the smokers but for the people around. While smokers are enjoying smoking people around may feel uncomfortable or disgusted, especially when they are all in a restaurant to have a sweet meat. Air with tobacco will ruin the appetite. So smoking in restaurants absolutely should be banned. Now in some restaurants, they still have some places for smokers to "relax. " Though both smokers and the managers of restaurants think setting a little place is a good way to solve the problems of smoking. But people still can smell tobacco even it is just a little. Smokers can't clean the air which is filled with nicotine right after they stop smoking. So the best way to solve the problem of nicotine is prohibited people smoking in restaurants and public places. Smoking in restaurants will also cause smokers to have bad breath. So they can't know how delicious the plats are. What they are eating is just nicotine, nicotine, and nicotine. In order not to ruin the atmosphere of testing food, I can't agree more that smoking in restaurants should be banned.


Restaurant is a airtight place. It is hard to make the air circulate. If someone smokes in the restaurant, it would make the air worst. Besides, it is reported that the health of people who smoke the second hand smoke is much worst than the one smoking. The ingredients in the tobacco could make our respiratory system and nervous system operate slowly. Even they might be damaged because of a long time of smoking. Restaurant is a public place. The people who would come to restaurant look for a clean and comfortable place to have a meal. Even many parents would bring their children to restaurant. At that time, someone smokes in the restaurant; the people in the same place would smoke the smell. People eat the meal and smell the smoke. The feeling would not be good and feel depressed. And people have the right which refuses to smoke second hand smoke. It is nonsense that because of the right of a few people, sacrificing the right of most people. In order to avoid this circumstance, the government has set the law about smoking in the public places. However, no all of restaurant follow this law. In order to give everyone a good eating place, smoking should be completely banned at the entire restaurant in the country. Everyone in the country and the government should make a big effort to achieve this goal.


In Taiwan, we have lots of smokers ages from 20 to over 60. Sometimes I can find a young school boy smoking on the sideway. And even my father and my grandfather smoke cigarette, too. It seemed to be a normal situation that you can see it and smell it from your daily life. We all know that cigarette is terribly bad to our health. However, those people who are addictive to smoking are hard to quit their habit. The issue, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, is too strict to me. I don't agree. First, I must say that I don't smoke. And I don't like the smell of it, either. I deeply know how much it can hurt my lung and my health. However, when talking about strictly banning smoking in all the restaurants in the whole country is another difficult problem. According to that issue, if the government begins doing this kind of regulation, I bet it will cause lots of complaints, struggles, and messes. People love to smoke and business men who run restaurants will definitely make a big noise. For a consumer who goes to restaurants like me, I am on the benefit side. I don't have to stand the bad smell anymore but enjoy my meal. However, I think if we want to limit those smokers, we should set a standard to list all the restaurants in Taiwan. To clarify restaurants achieve what kind of level should obey this rule. If the restaurant is just a small store beside a road or just a night market vender, should they follow this rule, too? Otherwise, we can just set a smoking place or smoking room in the restaurants for those smokers.


Nowadays, smoking people are a lot, but, people who don't smoke or don't like the smell of smoke are more than smoking people. It is harmful for body to smoke. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoke has no benefit for body. Some people just can't stop but to smoke, they smoke no matter where they are. They don't think about people that around them. Maybe some people feel uncomfortable or don't like the smell. Therefore, I think smoke in the public is a bad manner. In some shopping malls, stores or air ports have some space to serve people smoke. This is a good for people who want to smoke. But, I don't think plus this space in restaurants is a great idea. Because we eat meal in the restaurants, I think nobody want to smell smoke when you are eating something. In my opinion, it is necessary that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Having a comfortable environment is everybody's right, and the people who smoke shouldn't annoy the others when they making dinner. Don't smoke in the restaurant is a basic manner, doesn't is?


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. As everyone knows, smoking is bad for people's health. A cigarette contains many chemicals, many of which are poisonous, and it can cause cancer so we don't encourage people to smoke even forbid it in some he specific place such as schools or public places. Although whether he smoke or not is his free will, we have no right to interfere his behavior; however, a person smokes, he will make external cost. No one likes secondhand smoking. It is said that both smoking and secondhand smoke can cause lung cancer, breast cancer; however secondhand smoking is more deadly so we have to say no to secondhand smoke bravely. People should respect each other so smokers should respect others who don't smoke and hate secondhand smoke. According to this reason, smokers have better to prohibit in the place where people gather, and the restaurants is the place that people eat in so if someone smoke in the restaurants, it will destroy its atmosphere. Particularly, if a person smoke in the indoor restaurant, the air in it must be extremely bad. That will affect that customers' mood. I agree smoking should be banned at all the restaurants.


I think it is good for much people. My major is nursing, so always learn that smoking's bad point, and smoking is unhealthy for not only smoker but also people who near the smoker. When I was a child, I just don't like the smell, but when I grow up I learn about smoking's bad point, I really hope my father can give up this hobbit. Sometimes really have to use the rule to ban smoking at all restaurant, because advises are not effective for each smoker, so I am happy that have this rule. Maybe everyone has self's relax way, but I think mustn't effect other people, so I think this rule is reasonable and I also support this rule. B hepatitis is prevails over the Taiwan in my parent's age, if get a B hepatitis, smoking will deteriorate your health very much, smoking also have many bad point for we, smoker's respiratory tract will be sick and smoking will take we much money for buy tobacco leaf and go to see a doctor, some people just want to get happy by smoking, they don't know that will bring something bad in the future, so by this rule, people will be more attach importance to smoking, I think it's good for us. Hope someday this rule can do well in each place,


I think smoking is bad, but the society needs. Today our pressure is growing with the new technology and globalize. We even have little time to exercise or some ways to set out the pressure. Many adult smoking for a lot of reasons. If government wants to ban, I think the crime will grow up because the cigarette market is large today. The government can't ban at all, but it can restrict the smoking place to improve citizens healthy. I agree this policy. If any, separate smoking people and non smoking people at same place also a good idea, because everyone has his own freedom. Citizen need to have a healthy environment. I think the correct education is the basic important thing. Government should make this aspect well. But nowadays too much people smoking, banning smoke from public places maybe a good and direct way. Fist, this can protect those who are not smoking people. They don't have to endure the bad air around them. Second, this policy can let the smoking people reduce a lot cigarette a day. Because they need to find somewhere they can smoke, they may think it's very inconvenience. For the reason, they may quite smoke gradually.


I totally agree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The reasons why I agree are: The restaurants are supposed to be places where offer people great environment and services to have dishes. The smokers should stand in other peoples' shoes; the damage smoke is not they want. In the restaurants, there may be a lot of people including woman who pregnant. Smoking is really could be a damage to her and her baby. Besides, smoking could be a serious damage to our health and the people around you. If you are think you are a great father, you support your family and let your family have a smooth life, you have two little cute children, you have a beautiful wife and she is pregnant... etc, but you have a bad habit   smoking!!! Then you should think much deeper. You possibly get lung cancer after years, the damage of cancer make you have to stay on bed and couldn't work... last, you have no money to afford your family to have a normal life. Next, the second smoke full of your house, your children, pregnant wife, are all influenced by it. And it cause a serious damage to their body... After picturing your future life, do you really want to smoke now? Finally, the restaurants are public places; the smokers should learn to stop smoking in pubic places. Or there are some pubic places have set a special space for smokers, they should follow the rules.


I strongly disagree this kind of point. It is not because I am a smoker, because I believe every person has the rights, for decided whether they smoke, on the other side, they also have the right to against the secondhand smoke. And the premise is "Respect", smokers respect non smokers, non smokers respect smokers. This thing should be based on the human nature, not based on the law. Think, when you are smoking outside, you see children around you, if you are a well manner person, you must stop smoking, but the law declares that you could smoke outside, then what will you do? Will you keep smoking? The declaration of the law is not reasonable. And, some coffee shop or pub is open at night, there's no child in it at that time, even if the day, why people could not smoke inside the restaurant? In fact lot of restaurant are friendly to smokers, even the host is smoker, too. I think the host has the right to decide whether his/her restaurant could smoke. And I think the function of the law is to protect human rights, but before the law there's humanity, and the law should not be controlled by government or financial group.


Smoking is banned at some restaurants in Taiwan because the smell from cigarette may bother others who enjoy their meal. Whether smoking should be banned completely at all restaurants or not has been discussed for a long time, and I disagree that smoking is banned completely. Taiwanese residents are allowed to smoke at some restaurants, such as restaurants related to sports, and people can view the live game at this kind of restaurant. People at this restaurant can smoke when enjoy their meal, or watch the live Major League game. In fact, the smell from cigarette has become the symbol of our culture. Seeing Cheng Min Wang strikes out the batter, the audience will not only feel excited but smell the smell. From the proceeding reason, this interesting culture might be transformed into a boring one when smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are places where people can smoke at almost all of the restaurants in Taiwan. According to my father, who has smoked for beyond 20 years, he states that he will feel painful if he does not smoke in one day; therefore, it is cruel that people is unable to smoke at restaurant because smoking people cannot stand the impulse to smoke. In conclusion, it is incorrect that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In some restaurants in Taiwan, smoking has become residents' habits, even become the culture in the area. And people cannot stand the impulse to smoke although smoking is banned at all the restaurants. All in all, I disagree with this idea.


Smoking is very very bad thing to everybody. Smoking can make your health bad. Make your health is fine but it maybe damage someone else health in smoker behind. We can understand smoking is bad thing by news or doctor. It is very easy to know smoking is terrible thing for human but why smoker must smoking? I think smoking can makes smokers to reduce pressure. Although smoking can make smoker to reduce pressure but smoking not only spend health but also spend a lot of money. If we need reduce pressure we can do sports. Does sport can make us strong and spend no money why we didn't that? Smoking is very terrible thing that can make you weak and you must continue to use that until you die like poison. My junior high classmate also smoking but their score is not good and their friend also smoking. By this fact I think smoking can make human brain be damaged. What a terrible thing. They think smoking is adult only can do thing is cool see smoking as I am boss. I am insisting to learn smoking. Smoking can make someone confused is not good thing. If you get weak your family must become crazy. If mother smoking, it is more terrible thing for baby.


Smoking is banned gradually in everywhere. For people's health, smoking is banned that is unstoppable tendency. But I don't agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are reasons below. Like most of people, I don't like smoke very much. Because it is bad for health and it doesn't have good smell. More and more researches point out that smoking lead to lung cancer in most cases. Otherwise, the bad smell of smoke influences people's desire of food and frame of mind at the restaurant. However, others people like the smell of smoke and enjoy it. People who are smoking that will not affect them. And some of them are smoker. The probability of getting lung cancer of people even of themselves which doesn't the matter. Because they just like smoking. Smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants which makes smokers pain. But if it doesn't ban, it makes them who do not smoke suffering. If the restaurant has enough space, maybe it could be divided into two spaces for each. People doing things in each different space would affect each other. Therefore, no one would complain. To avoid conflicts, smoking should be not completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. How to satisfy each one is the most important thing what we should do.


I agree that restaurants have to make a place without smoke. We all know smoking is bad for our body, but actually, people who smell second hand smoking will get hurt worse. Restaurants are public area, we have to care about most people's health instead of insisting few people's right. I think that people can go outside smoking to prevent other people breathing their smoke if they really want to smoke. For example, in the university campus, there are many area set for smoker. I think it is a good way to take a balance between smokers and other people. In the respect to restaurants, obviously, the restaurant owners want more and more customers coming. However, if the owner want more customers, making a clean and comfortable restaurant environment is important. In other to care most customers' need, I think no smoking in the restaurant is necessary. Smoking or not depends on people themselves, however, people can not decide smelling second hand smoke by self in the certain place or situation. Therefore, for our health, making place without smoke is everyone's responsibility. Although people have smoking right, in the contrast, people also have right that not to smell smoke. Therefore, I think no smoking restaurant is better.


Most of countries in the world allow her people smoke in the public, so do my county before. Nowadays, my country bans the people smoking in the public even the restaurants. At first, some people against this law strongly, still now, but some one change their mind. In my opinion: to me, a person doesn't smoke at all, I think it's correct in banning the smoking in the restaurants or in the public. There are some reasons: First, smoking is bad of people's health even the people who don't smoke just stay around. Second, according the reports, smoking people or the people often stay in the space full of smoke, all of them usually died in lung cancer. Third, smoking makes our mouths smell bad and also may cause us can't tasty the flavor from food. Finally, a lot of people now don't smoke. If someone smokes, that person would have difficult to make friends with others. In the end, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Although, this rule may sound too serious and have hard to achieve, this rule would make us live longer and healthier. At all, we all hope we have a beauty life.


I think it will be pleasure for many people if smoking is being completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I cannot agree with the issue anymore. And I hate smoke, too. Why I hate smoking so much? Every time when I see there was somebody smoking, I always keep a distance from them. Because I'm allergic to the smoke. Once I'm under the circumstances of the second hand smoke, I feel very uncomfortable. That why I hate smoking. Besides my personal feeling, I think smoking in public places is some what a bad manner. One can enjoy the happiness of smoking, but others may not feel in the same way. Every one should put themselves in others' shoe; our society would be more and more kind. But there is a little who will be so kind to everybody. So, I think the exist of this restriction dose needed. That's how I feel about this topic. If someday we could live in a place without smoking, I think the problems of health would reduce more than ever. Because smoking is very harmful to our body. And there is no reason for the necessarily of smoking. We should try to construct a world of no smoking.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, the restaurants are public places. It should keep air clean. Can you imagine that the restaurant's air is very nasty when you eat? Dirty air would destroy the interest of eating and pollute the environment of earth. So smoking has to be completely banned. Second, second hand smoke is dangerous. If you have breath in second hand smoke that would hurt your health. Who wants to eat in the place of second hand smoke? Who wants to stay an unclean location? No one is willing to accept the terrible place. So smoking has to be completely banned. I know that smoking is personal freedom, but that have to be controlled by self. Just you live earth that you should care about other felling. Because don't smoke people are more than smoker. Therefore, smokers have to respect most people. I have a friend, and she is a smoker. Although I met her for three years, but I never see that she smoke in public place. She just smoke in empty space, like roof, ground, balcony and so on. Smoking is bad for health. But, you really want to smoke. Please, don't smoke in the restaurants, just go out the house.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is not only the slogan or the post in front of the restaurant but also the rule that everybody should be follow. And what are not smoking should be banned at all the restaurants? There are two reasons that can explain why can not smoking at the restaurants. The first one is benefit everybody's health. The smoking is totally not hurt for the person who smokes the cigarette and the smoke is more hurt the other who didn't smoke. I thought it is not very faith for the people who didn't smoke and the smoke is hurt their health. And the restaurant is the public space so it should be banned that people can not smoke at the restaurants. The second reason is for the smell in the restaurant. The restaurant is the place that everyone enjoys their food and it must full of the good smell of food. If some smoke at the restaurant it should be make the air not clean and the smell is not very good for the person to enjoy their dish. So I think smoke at the restaurant is very impolite for other people. Finally, I totally agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This way is not only for the smoker's but also protect other person health.


Smoking has gradually become a common habit to somebody in the society. The government constantly promote that smoking is harmful to our bodies, but there are still many people don't want to quit it. To keep air clean, then the authority concerned make a law that people cannot smoke in public, but the effect seems to have not been good. The signs can be saw in many restaurants. In my opinion, I think that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because it violate the right of people who like smoking. Everyone has its own habits and the things what they like to do. Although the habit, smoking, does harm to them and others, restaurants are supposed to set places that can smoke for people who love smoking. The best way is to set the smoking section outdoor, it will not influence the atmosphere and air in restaurants and it can make addicts more comfortable. Smoking is not a good habit, and it is also hard to quit. That is just as everyone can't give up the thing what they like immediately, it need much time to change. We can't promise when people love smoking will have desire to get rid of this or decrease the times, but we should give those addicts some spaces before they quit it.


I strongly agree with the topic of smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are several reasons. First, smoking is an unhealthy habit that not only does harm to smokers but hurts others health. Study shows smokers are easy to get lung cancer and others are ten times more easily to get it. So smoking is obviously should be banned. Second, smoking can cause pollution. Our country has already have cars and scooters emits, we don't need another white smoke to hurt citizens' lungs. The white smoke can also cause plants' leaves getting yellow. And if it encounter to water, it cause acid water that is unhealthy to water creatures, land animals and also concrete building. Third, smoking can damage city's tourism industry. A city with a lot of smokers may bring bad impression to foreigners. It is also not comfortable to see somebody smoke during dinner time. So smoking should not be welcomed for the city. In a nut shell, I strongly agree government to ban smoke. I consider one day, not only restaurants but all country can ban smoking. That way, our citizens could become healthier and our city could be more beautiful.


'No Smoking" is a common slogan. However, one  fifth people have habits to smoke. The government sets many policies to prohibit people smoke. They raise price and stop smoking in the public place. Our government hopes us keep away from smoking and wants to reduce carbon oxygen. Most people know smoking is a killer, but smokers cannot get out of it. They cannot stand without it. Some smokers share me their experience. When they smoke, they feel cool and forget pressure shortly. Nevertheless, it just cut down relation in short time. When they go back to the real world, they feel upset. That is why they need to smoke many times in a day. If we can make them full in their mind, maybe they will not need to choose to smoke. Provided they can share something bad to their friends, they do not need to smoke. Not only they can spend less money, but they can have a more healthy life. Smoking has many negative influences so people should build a good thinking. When smokers ask non smokers to join them, we cannot say yes. Because we do it once, then we will do it twice. The best way we do is keep away from smoking forever, not just a slogan.


I agree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because restaurants may be full of some no smoking people. If there are people don't smoke, smoking in the restaurants is a big problem for us who don't smoke. And smoking is bad for health and mood; I don't want to smell the smoke when eating something delicious. Once when I was eating at a restaurant with my family happily, the neighbor just took out a cigarette and began smoking. That smell really shocked us down, we started cough again and again and couldn't talk anymore. We started eating quickly as fast as possible thinking about to get those people away. After we left the restaurant, we finally felt comfortable and started chatting again. After that horrible accident, I totally agree with that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Another example is my close friend, Dennis, who was an athlete at high school. I felt sad for him because he began smoking after graduating. His health had a big problem when he found that his every breath was becoming more and more difficult. "You had better quit smoking if you want to live longer, " the doctor told him. I agree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Not all people like the smoking smell. Furthermore, Smoking is bad for health and is bad for mood when eating, too.


Smoking is a bad behavior. Most people know clearly how smoking harmful to people. However, there are many smokers still do harmful behavior to their body. Smokers are hurt their body when they are smoking and they hurt other people who are near them at the same time. It is unethical to make other people's body hurt, especially in the public space. I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Restaurants are the place people eating their meats; most people did not like the feeling of smoke when they are eating. The smoke may make people uncomfortable and do not want to eat. It is bad for people if they eat last, they do not have enough energy to work. This important topic causes some business bout the development of all country. Smoking should be completely banned at not only in the restaurants but also all public space in the country, including parks, roads, stores, and so on. The reason why these place must be notice carefully is that there may the place for healthy people to relaxing. There are many children and their parents playing together at these places. It is not good for children if they feel the smoke. It is harmful to the children. In sum, people who like to smoke which means they like to harm their bodies. They decided to harm their body but they can't and have no right to harm other people's bodies, so they can't smoke in any public place, restaurant included.


I don't agree that smoking should be completely banned all the restaurants in the country because it is not fair for the people who are smoking. People who like smoking go to the restaurants but are banned to smoking. How they felt? Where they can go having a good meal? Another reason that I don't agree is the government doesn't bane people smoking. Because of that why can we completely banned smoking at all the restaurants in the country. The government allows that people keep smoking but want they don't smoke in the public. I don't think it's logic. It is just really unfair for me when thinking about people want smoking anywhere. Although smoking is really bad for people, you don't bane it completely; you can't bane people smoke in where they want. If you allow them to smoke, you have let them smoke everywhere. You make them don't smoke in the restaurants, and it is against the law of personal right. So I don't agree that be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. But I agree that should be completely banned smoking in the country. If every people don't smoke, the earth and people in the earth may become healthier. Our life may become clearer; it's not only in the restaurants.


From my point of view, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, the most important reason is about health. When it comes to smoking, bad health comes on mind. Smoking is not only bad for the smokers' health but also their parents and friends. It is reported that people who smoke get lung cancer easily; moreover, their teeth will also become worse. As soon as you smoke, the chance that you get cancer will be bigger. On the other hand, it is about hygiene. When we choose a good restaurant, the most important part is its hygiene. We don't want to taste delicious food while there is smell of cigarette. However, some of the elders used to smoke while they are discuss about business. In recent years, the government has enacted the law that people should not smoke when they are in public place. Therefore, we don't see people smoking in restaurant right now. In the past decades, the government raises the price of the cigarette, and they advocate the bad effect of smoking. All in all, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Due to the health and hygiene, they are main effects caused by the smoking.


Many people love to smoke. The smell and feeling are their favorites. But there are also a big group of people don't like cigarettes. They believe that cigarettes would harm their bodies. That's true. According science reports, cigarettes content lots of chemical substances that would harm your lungs and even lead to cancers. They also have influences to other parts of body and make you weaker day after day. And two hand smoking is much worse to ours health. Thankfully, there are not so many people like to smoke in recent years. The government has also set the law to protect un smoking people, hoping that smokers can change their habits. The rule is that smokers are not allowed to smoke in public areas anymore, such as offices, train stations and restaurants. Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Not only banned for health reason but also give respect to un smokers. Not everyone can stand that kind of smell. But restaurants can still have smoking room or area for smoker to enjoy both their habits and food. Other public areas also can have the same design for smokers. People in 21st centaury become more polite to other persons and respect each other. That remote the country to improve.


I don't approve to the idea that the smoking should be completely banned in all the restaurants in the country now. The reason is that though the percentage of the people who smoke is becoming low. Most of the people also start understand that smoking is bad to their health and the smoke they breathe out is bad to other people who don't smoke but breathe in that air. As the result, I think it is proper to have some law that limit the right of the smokers is okay, but we can't ban the smoking right totally in the beginning. We should make the goal come true step by step, for the reason that some people is really addict to smoking, it is almost impossible for them to quit smoking. Therefore, some restaurants still have some area for the smokes to smoke. The locations of that smoking area should be settled far from the main area of the restaurants, and the smoking place have to be air floating. Banning the smoking by the law is one way to make people don't smoke, however people don't smoke is because the fear of the government, I don't think let the people be afraid of the government is a good thing. Another way is we can start from the children. By educating the children not to smoke when they become elder. When the future smokers becomes less, the need of the law that banning smoking will no longer exist.


I agree this essay. I agree that people can't smoke at all the restaurants in the country. Although smoking is only one thing, it is between all people who live on the earth. So it means this is not one person's thing. If you don't care your health, it is okay, you enjoy the feeling that taking a smoke after meal makes you feel happy and free like a fairy, it is okay, you can smoke alone. Because one person smokes that is bad for everyone. Everyone feels uncomfortable because of only you; you must feel guilty for those people you hurt. I also consider that smoking should be banned in a public place besides at all the restaurants in country. There are many disadvantages for smoking. For example, girls smoke that are not very charming, smoking causes bad breathe that influence other people around you, smoking can hurt your lung that causes your family and friends worry about you, and it also causes air pollution. If you have kids, they may hate you. Because you can't be a healthy father or mother by their side. Don't smoking in a public place, because you hurt your health and others. Don't smoking is the best for everything.


Everybody knows that smoking is bad to our health, but there are still a lot of people smoking. Smoking does our lung harm. Seriously, it may cause lung cancer. Except for hurting smoking people, it still hurts those who don't smoke but breathe too much smoke into their lung. If a mother to be smokes, she may hurt her baby's health. So, to avoid hurting our health, smoking people should try to quit it. Now there is a kind of candy which is made of the same ingredient, but it includes little of it. When you want to smoke, you just have it so that you still can have the same sense of satisfaction without smoking. Besides, you can try to reduce the times of smoking. Everyday you decrease the times of smoking so that you would quit it slowly. Take my father for example. He smokes for more than twenty years. However, he still quits it successfully. To many people, quitting smoking is difficult for them. But, if you determined to do, actually it is not as difficult as you imagine. Do you smoke? If your answer is "yes", then quit it now! Giving up smoking is not only for your health, but also for others. Just be determined, and I believe you would succeed in it.


The damage of smoking cigarette have been confirmed over half century. Smoking cigarette causes the diseases including the lung cancer, emphysema, and heart disease. The passive smoking, someone breath other's tobacco fume in public area even he or she does not smoking, is another risk that has negative influence on people's health; furthermore, the passive smoking's damage on pregnant and children is more harmful than on normal adult. Thus, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Some people claim that the restaurants should build an area that allows smoking. In my opinion, I against this idea since it will cause two side effects. First, the smoking area leads to the air pollution among the whole restaurant. The Department of Health (DOH) sets a serious regulation of smoking area in order to avoid passive smoking, but rare restaurants reach this standard because of the equipments and high cost. Next, the children will imitate smoking as a result of adult's behavior that smoking in the restaurant. Once the children imitate this wrong behavior, it would be difficult to remove the addict of smoking and to decrease the amount of smokers. All in all, the smoking brings a lot of disadvantages, thus, I agree that smoking should be completely forbidden at all the restaurants in the country.


I don't aggree this statements, because it's a must to do in somewhere. I think it is a rest time in restaurants usually, and it's a good timeing to smoke in a day. "After your eating, smoking is a best thing to do, and you will fell happily. ", someone said it, so it's a difficult rule in every restaurants. In majority city's restaurants, I think it a standard rule that dom's smoke. In some village, there have a lot of farmer or factory hand, If the restaurant stop them to smoke, I think they may have no customers in they restaurant. Someone use smoke to release, so it difficult to stop, such as drugs. Everyone know smoke is not a good thing, buy why they are still in our live, it's a interesting thing to explore. Entertainment is a release way, and someone consider smoke is a relasew way, so they could not stop to smoke. In some smokers, they stop smoke, because they want to make someone happily or healthly, someone could feel normal air, not the secondhand smoke, and they can be a healthly. In conclusion, it's a difficult thing to achieve soppting smoke. Everyone need some way to release they stress, smoke is a one of ways to do, so it's not a easy thing.


Smoking is not a good habit for all ages of people, but there are still many people just can't quit it. There are some reasons I think why they can't quit it. First, they have smoked for a long time and it becomes a regular movement in their daily lives. Second, some of them think smoking is a charming behavior and a real man should know how to smoke. Third, some people think only if they smoke can they make friends and be more convenient to communicate with others on business. But they don't see the shortages of smoking. For example, they have to pay much money on buying cigarettes. In addition, smoking will hurt their own and the surrounding people' health. Thus, our government starts to make laws to prevent those smoking lovers smoking in a public place. They can't smoke inside or outside if there are more 2 people. By the way, there are many ways to help them quit smoking. We can find some products which can help people decrease the desire to smoke. Also, we can get some information from the hospitals. All in all, smoking is not good for us. We should quit smoking and also urge our friends not to smoke anymore.


Smoking is an unhealthful thing because it is not only harmful to the smoker's lung but also the other people around the smoker. Some research claim that second  smoke is also harmful to human beings. Most of all, smoke would induce the lung cancer and increase the possibility of the other cancer. Thus, I consider that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Not everyone like smoking. And if we allow the smokers to smoke in the restaurant, the air would be awful and stingy. The smoke would cover the smell of the delicious food. Other people would not like the situation because the smoker influences their mood in the restaurant. By the way, it is not easy to divide smoking area and non  smoking area clearly. In my experience, I can even smell the smoke in the non smoking area! Thus smoking should be banned at the restaurants. In conclusion, the smokers should respect the others and do not smoke in the public area. But maybe it's possible for the restaurants to make a small outside smoking area to the smokers. In that way, they could smoke and don't need to influence to other non smokers.


In my opinion I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because when people smoking their behavior may influence other people. Not the people all in this world like to smell the smoke. And even you smoke in the close room; people can still smell that smoke. It is not a good behavior to connect with people. Besides, I think when you smoke, you are kidding for your health. You don't care your life. And you don't protect your body. If you do that, I think you don't love your parents or you don't know what you do is deeply hurt your parents' heart. In other words if you want to be a good daughter or son you consider your behavior first. Besides, I never listen people to say that smoking is a good thing, I just listen some people and our government to persuade everyone not to smoke. If smoking is a good thing why not people bring up some point at this issue to support it. From know I just find that some people hope more one people to quite smoking so I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. According to many medical researches, they show that cigarettes are harm for human. It may cause the disease of lung, moreover, may lead the cancer. That is why I think that cigarettes may even not be produced. Most worst of all, the container of cigarettes will make people addict to so it is hard for those who likes smoking to quit it. Nevertheless, more and more reports show that smoking is only harm for smoker but anyone who breathe smoke in. I think it is unfair for people, who don't smoke, be compelled to smoke. There is the only method to protect no smokers, forbidding smoking in public. So the government tried to carry out a policy that all indoor space, including restaurant, should ban for smoking. We all know restaurant is a good place for all children, adults and older to relax and eat delicious dishes. If someone smokes beside you and you are a nonsmoker, can you still eat as nothing happen? Or you may shout with angry at the unpleasant man? I trust most will act like latter. Although the policy may cause unhappiness from smoker, I think it should not be given up. After all, it is about whole human's heath. Now that, we all know smoking will harm for us, why don't we agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants?


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. People who smoke must consider the bad influences on other dinners at the restaurants. Even though smokers think that it is quite refreshing if they lit up a cigarette and enjoy this kind of relaxing moment, other dinners may not think so. Other customers think that the act of smoking at the restaurant is disturbing and severely destroy the joyful atmosphere of enjoying the delicious food. The smoke to them is not only a resource of leading to a bad health but also a devastating reluctance to revisit the restaurant. It is obvious that smoke has an impact on customers' willingness to go to a restaurant. Moreover, the government should ban the act of smoking because smoking is harmful for people's health. If they just allow restaurants owners to decide, it is a kind of advocating smoking. And it will cause people to doubt. Smokers may think that they can smoke at any places and anytime as they want and thus the smokers may create bad impacts on the customers. Therefore, the government is supposed to be awarded of the backpack of the banning thing in order to prevent bad things to happen.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In my opinion, there are several reasons to support my answer. First, restaurants are public occasions, foreigners may have their dishes in several of these places, if too many people smoke, will leave bad impressions in their mind, and so that hurts views of our country. Second, it is same as I say, restaurants are open to everyone, of course, and mother to be, children, and the old are their customers. The chemical substances make by smoking will do severe damage to them, especially the mother to be, her baby get hurt at the same time. Furthermore, children may learn smoker's behavior unconsciously; it will make a big influence on them. Third, smoking sometimes may cause accidents. Throw tobacco leaf casually may give rise to a fire. The loss of a fire can't be count, if people get damage or more severe hurt, no one can be responsible for this accident. The damages to the smokers make by smoking can't be avoided obviously; however, it is unreasonable to ask other people take risks with them. So I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Cancer become the terrible killer recent years. Some patient died after discovering that he got sick in few months. And the lung cancer is also in the top ten of the dangerous disease. According to the research, the percentage of patient who got lung cancer is that second hand smoking is easier than smoking people. Therefore, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Those have the lung cancer by second hand smoking is innocent. They are not smoke to pollute the environment and the air but get sick. And we are in the public space like restaurant and theater. People should respect others property. Everyone live in the same planet. It almost has a same air condition in the restaurant. So there is one person smoke, it would cause other customer in the store smell the terrible second hand smoking. I believe that most of people will follow the rule of the public place. It's polite to respect other people. But I still find out some people didn't care about the rule just smoke as his mind. If you try to stop him smoking, you might be blamed by the smoking person. To prevent meet this kind of selfish person, government should set a law to completely ban the action of smoking at the restaurant or public place.


I think I will completely agree in this topic that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In recently years, our law making officials had made the law concerning people who want to smoke should not smoke in the public place passed, and at that time, some people were happy, some were not. Because the law may help some people escape from the second hand smoking, but it also makes people smoking very inconvenient and shops selling smoking will lose some customers. Although there are something argued by the people want smoking, I believe the benefits will much better than bad. Because it maybe help some people who want to stop smoking make a determination to quit smoking, and maybe it can save more people from getting lung cancers. And just as the topic says it is necessary to ban smoking at all the restaurants, because when we are having a meal, we are also enjoying the tastes and smelling, but if someone start to smoke, then the smoking fogging will be full of the space, and needless to say, it is hard for everyone. So I hope there will have more people to quit smoking.


With the public paying attention to health and environment day by day, there is more significant about the issue of smoking and non smoking. There are lots of countries promulgate the smoke free law recently. It's also in Taiwan. Smoking will make you poor health, and other people's, either. According to the researches, second hand smoking is more serious than smoking. When pregnant women smoke, it will result of the newborn baby unhealthful. When you smoke, the smell may let others feel uncomfortable. Certainly, cigarettes are a large expense. In terms of smoking when you eat. In the restaurant, it's always a close space for all the customs, so you should think about what others stay in the close space with you feel. It's result in not only the other customs feel stinking but also the smell mix with your meal. The smell of smoke will confuse the sense of taste, so that you can't taste the real taste of delicacies. For everyone's benefits, we can't just do what we like, concern the right of ourselves only, and ignore other people's right. So, we should completely ban smoke at all the restaurants. Of course, you should taste the chef's cuisine absolutely. For everyone's health and environmental improve, don't be the smoking one.


In modern sociaty, more and more people go to the restaurants instead of having meals at home. So it is important for us to choice the restaurants. For example, the hygience of restaurants and price, distance... so on. Most importantly to me is that smoking should be banned in restaurants or the restaurants have no smoking region. Smoking in the restaurants is very impolite and disrespect to people who eat in the restaurants. Everyone knows smoking is unhealthy to body. The restaurants are public areas so smoking should be banned completely. Smoke will through air condition spread in all the restaurant. Second hand smoke is also unhealthy to people. If people want to smoking in the restaurants, we should suggest them not to do it and thy can smoking in outside. Smoking people have to respect other people in the restaurants. I think our government must promote not smoking in the restaurants and make law to ban smoking in the restaurants. If some people are illegal, we should punish them by fined. After all, smoking brins out second hand smoke and unconfortance to people and teir health. Even though, I eat at restaurants beside smoking people, I'll feel not good and unhappy. Most people don't like smoke so it is essencial to ban smoking in the restaurants. All I want is have good time in the restaurants


In my opinion, I agree with the point that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is absolutely true that smoking is bad for a person's health. It's not necessary for people who don't smoke to breathe in the rooms which full of second hand smoking. Especially the second hand smoking is more poisoned than smoking. Restaurants are public space, and they provide a space for people to taste the delicious dishes. If you suddenly smell something strange, the smell may decrease your interest about the dishes. I believe most people would agree that when eating in the restaurants, the noise by other costumer's loud chat would bother you and make your feel annoyed, and so does the smell of second hand smoking. The only different is that most of us dislike the former but many people who smoke are used to the latter. However, as what I mentioned before, restaurants are public place. The spaces are for everyone, not just for people who smoke (Excepts that you can find a restaurant only for people who smoke. ) Therefore, you can enjoy your cigarette after finishing the dinner anytime and anywhere in your own house, but just leave the restaurants or other public space free from the smoking. Do not make people who don't smoke worry about their dinner and their health.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Recently the entire world starts to find the problem of smoking. Smoking has a lot of disadvantage, such as, making your lungs worst and worst, your mouth smell bad and the worst of all is when you are smoking you will hurt yourself and people around you at the same time! In addition, once you get into the habit of smoking, you will spend a lot of time to quit this habit and finally you may feel it too difficult so give up quickly! To stop smoking continue being a threat to people, completely banned it at all the restaurants in the country is necessary. As everybody know smoking has threat our health many years, and we should improve this problem as soon as possible! Many reports have proved that people who get lungs cancer more than a half is that they have a family get into the habit of smoking. It means that many people are cursed by people smoking around them. So, in order to improve this problem, I think the first step is to use the law to ban these people smoking in the public place. Although this way can't help people quit smoking, it can help many people who hate the smell and protect our health at least.


For me, I really hate the smell of cigarettes. And every time I see a man who smokes around me, I just want to run away and think all the problems about the health. Especially in restaurant, it should be a comfortable place and a clean space for those who come here to taste a delicious meal or have a talk. It's a relax not a bear. So everyone who wants to smoke please go outside or go to the place with a little people. I'm so pleased that the government in Taiwan had announced a new law that it's forbidden to smoke in public places even most of places in universities. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in the country had done in Taiwan my country. By the way, how to promote the policy? One of them is using the power of the mass. The government emphasizes the damage of smoking by showing the pictures, the black liver for example. And also reveals the statics the amount of people who got cancer because of the effect of smoke. Another way is adding the tax on the buyers. Three of them are useful in Taiwan and actually prevent some people smoking and decrease the rate of smoking.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for many reasons. First, smoking affects others who are in the restaurant seriously. No matter how terrible influence the smoker does to his body, the second hand smoke causes others indeed, which is the second reason. Third, the mod which smokers produce will pollute the clear air of public area. Many people who don't smoke always think why the smokers cannot adopt our advices to get rid of smoking. It is said that smokers cannot control their desire to get away from cigarette. Smokers smoke for many reasons. For example, after smoking they will feel released when they are under the pressure. Some teenagers think that it is cool to pick a cigarette across the finger. However, while smoking, they don't conscious that long term smoking will damage to their lung. Moreover, it will get long cancer easily. Not only the smokers, but also the second hand smokers. Therefore, I think that if the smokers insist not to protect their body, they should protect other people at least. So I definitely agree that smoking should be completely banned not only at all the restaurants, but in every public area in the country.


I think smoking is necessary to completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, all of us don't want to die because of lung cancer. Smoking is a fatal cause to lung cancer. There're 87% people suffering from lung cancer owing to smoking. The cigarette contains a lot of damage factors that makes the smokers' lung be filled with cell of cancer. Second, that smoke will flow to lung and the air with smoker's blowing and inhaling. Consequently, the smoke into the air will be inhaled by someone who is eating. It's unfair to other people without smoking. The restaurant is often airtight so it will make much chance of inhaling. According to the study shows that people will have much opportunity to get lung cancer with second hand smoke. They care more about their health than smokers. Why they have to take a chance to get lung cancer when they just have a meal. Third, people don't be willing to go to the restaurant where doesn't completely ban smoking so it will have bad income. And if it is not completely banned, it will happen a lot of argument between smokers and non smokers. The boss of restaurant will be in a dilemma. So why don't completely banned smoking?


I do agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. There are several reasons to prove it as below I mentioned. First of all, keep up with the world's current, there are many country set the law that people can't smoke in the public area, of course including restaurant. And the health tax of the cigarette is high than before. Take me for example, my father used to smoke every day, so the expense he spend on buying cigarette, I can buy many things. Second, smoking is harmful to our body. There are some medical reports indicate that smoking will hurt people's lung. It harm to people not only on smoking person, but on people who inhale second hand smoke. Last but not least, smoking in the restaurant affects atmosphere of eating food. Maybe the food is delicious and smells good. But after inhaling second hand smoke, and these food's flavor may cover by smoke. Some restaurant would set a smoking area to customers who need to smoke. However, I think this is useless way to separate two kind customers. Though they set specific area, I still can smell the cigarette's smell. To sum up, smoking had many drawbacks, it is not only spend money, but also harm to our body. In this topic, the smoker smoke in the restaurant will affect other customer's mood, what's worse, they may let other people to inhale second hand smoke and harm to body. Therefore, I do agree that smoking should be banned at all restaurants in the country.


Smoking or not smoking in the restaurant? I agree the restaurant should forbid smoking. Why? Smoking not only damages you but harm any people and earth. No one willing inhales the secondhand smoke, I really hate the cigarette. I think everyone either. For example, when you eating at the restaurant, if a smoker smoking next your sit, can you tolerate there very nauseating gas? You eat not only food and you inhale the secondhand smoke, that may you feel like vomiting. Second, smoking is not a good habit, according the report; smoker will damage your body, like lung, tooth etc..., and the other terrible threat, according the research, the secondhand smoke is harmful than first smoke, so, please respect them who are not smoke. Finally, do you think smoking in restaurant are all disadvantages? I think the answer is yes, smoking just damage your body. Now, the government establishes the law to forbid smoking in public place, if you smoke, you will be fined, and please doesn't smoke in the restaurant, if you want to be fined, don't follow money very much obliged. Smoke just has disadvantages not any advantages and smoke not only damage you but harms any people and earth.


Should smoking be completely banned at all restaurants? Smokers will say no. Nonsmokers will say of course! Although the government has published some laws to ban smoking in public places and some restaurants, there are still amount of restaurants ignore these laws. Most people know that cigarettes include a lot of harmful chemical compositions. These compositions are not only harmful for smokers but also nonsmokers. The smoke compounding with the air filling the place which the smokers smoke will harm pregnant women, children and so on. Doctors suggest that smoking will enhance the rate of getting cardiac disease, high temperature and lung cancer etc. Furthermore, it can also have a bad effect on babies' and children's brain development. As for me, I hate the smell of the cigarettes. I believe that there are a lot of people like me don't like the smell. Especially in restaurants! People go to a restaurant to have a meal. In many times, they want to celebrates something or want a good temperature during a meal. Nobody wants to smell that. Thus, from these aspects, I would say smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants, even in many public places such as movie theater and school, in the country.


No doubt, smoking is harmful to the human beings. But there are millions people in Taiwan smoke or ever do it. However, I believe that there are much more people do not like the smell of smoking. So banned smoking at all restaurants is necessary. The rule can protect people who don't smoke away from the harm of smoking. But there are lots of smokers still smoked in restaurants or public area in fact. They show no respect to other people. So how to make them follow the rule is another important topic to discuss. There are two useful ways could make smokers notice that smoking at restaurants or public area could get a punishment and think about whether doing it or not. One is to increase the payment of punishment, and once they broke the rule, the high fee might let them learn a lesson of smoking at restaurants or public area. The other way is to enforce the checking action at restaurants or public area, once someone was found smoking, he or she could get a punishment immediately and even his or her name would be on the black list. In modern society, respecting is a common manner. But in Taiwan, some people still smoke in their working place, restaurant and so on. So I think that there is much more space to increase for Taiwanese.


I don not think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Though I hate people smoking, but I know it is hard to stop smoking, they just need it, they can't control. So if we completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, they may feel very bad. We can give them a place to eat with smoke but others can't smell it. So it is up to restaurants how to arrange their place. Lots of people smoking when they was junior high school student, college friends make they smoke or when they are soldier, more and more people start smoking, we can not stop is, so we have to change, find a better way to solve it. I have a lot of friends smoking, they usually smoke. They smoke when they wake up, between classes, after school, after eating, during talking on phone and before they go to bed, seem they can not live without smoking, I hate that, but they just can not stop doing that. So do not just banned it, try to understand them, talk over, and find a better way together. It must be another method we can do. I don't like people smoking, but they have the freedom. Thinking more about them, they deserve it, but sometimes they are poor, too. We can be friend, not to be enemy. Banne it at all the restaurants in the country is not good.


I completely without any doubts agree to the suggestion. There are more and more nations prohibit smoking at all the indoor places no need to mention in the restaurants. Their have been so many scientific researches pointed out that second handed smoking can causes the death especially to who have pregnancy. Furthermore, healthy people who had second handed smoking are even more dangerous than people who smoke. The toxic of the cigarette might cause early born baby or even a death baby. People in the restaurant might feel mentally or physically uncomfortable annoyed by smoking smell during the eating process. For me, people who smoke inside the restaurant are very rude and impolite. They are the type of selfish and careless people who only cares about themselves. Therefore I suggest governments in the world that they supposed to raise the tax of the cigarette and the fine of the banned smoking because of that people who smoke increase the cost of societies. I do believe that some people quit smoking due to the high cost of the cigarette. At the same time, governments need to promote more "no smoking" all over the indoor places. Interest groups do help at this area. Take Taiwan for example, interest group always invited popular stars or good reputation celebrities to promote "no smoking. "


I don't agree with smoking. Smoking is not good for ourselves, but in Taiwan, many people smokes, even my fother. I remember when I was a child, I always forbided my fother smoked in our house, but it didn't work. My fother somked outside. I was disappointed, but I didn't give up. When I saw my fother smoking, I removed his smoke. After thousand times, I quite. My mother also told my fother not smoking or his health would be in danger, but it didn't work. I also saw my classmates smoking around my school when I was a junior high school student. My teacher punish them, but they still smoked. It was terrible then. After I went to senior high school, we changed our place to live, far from my father's factory, so that I won't smell so much smokes. I also had good grades at our new house, not only on my study but also on my piano. Maybe I would get a friend who likes smoking, but I would tell she not to smoke when she met me or dated me. I even got my best friend who smoking, but I don't care. I always told them that smoking was not a good hobby, some people would listen to me and quite smoking. I was so happy to hear that because I would think of helping a person to solve his life! Smoking is not good at our health, try our best to go away smoking places and don't touch any smoke.


"Smoking is bad to our hearth" has become a common sense among children and adults. Restaurants in Taiwan had set extra smoking areas before, and in recent years, all of them had banned smoking indoors. I think this is a necessary rule that should be set years ago. Smoking in restaurants is bad for not only the on who is doing it but also people around in many ways. First, it is pollution in the air. And the air with smoke in it harms our breathing system. It can cause lung cancer and disturb your concentration. Second, the ash can also arrives in your dishes. Your tongue may not be sensitive enough to feel it nor will your eyes be able to recognize it. But you actually put them in your mouth. The bad smell of smoke is abominable enough, not to mention the ash in your stomach. Finally, indoor places such as restaurants normally acquire air conditioners. In this case, doors and windows will be closed and the harmful smoke has no way out but being consumed by all customers at their tables. Based on all these negative effect smoking indoor causes, I strongly agree banning smoking in all restaurants.


Everyone knows that smoking will damage your health, in spite of causing heart attack, smoking also ruin your beauty and energy. It is a pity that teenagers think smoking is very cool and they can declare that they are not children any more. However, doctors, professors and experts have shown a plenty of evident to prove that humans are suffering from smoking if you smoke at once. So smoking is just like committing suicide, and it does not make you look cooler or more beautiful such as famous singers or movie stars. Why not quitting? Smoking not only wastes your money and also makes your pregnant wife and children unhealthy. The poor infants will have weak bodies in whole life just because your selfish and childish behavior    smoking! Besides, smoking will cause fire and garbage. It seems that smoking threaten the beauty and safety every where. If you have many options, would you live in such a dangerous and disgusting home? As an old saying goes, "To be, or not to be, that is a question. " you can always go with the flow just like a chilly coward or be a brave knight to stop smoking. Make a correct decision.


Should smoking be banned at all the restaurants in the country?To me, the answer will be "Yes". All of us know that smoking is not good for our health. There are too many drawbacks for smoking. Once you smoke, you might not get rid of this bad habbit. Through smoking more and more, the risk of suffering from cancer is getting larger and larger. Some researchs tell us that smoking is one of the reasons of dead. For pregnants, smoking can not only affect their own body but also damage their babys. Beside damage smokers' own health, the most suffering are those who are near them. Think of this situation, one day you go to a restaurant and have a delicious meal. Everything seems wonderful for you. However, people who beside your site is smoking. How does the meal taste?The smells of cigarette is awful to many people. So I strongly agree that restaurant must be smoke free. The authority of concerned should do the best to ban smoking at the restaurants. By the way, I think that maybe there could be some specific regions in the restaurants or other sides where people can smoke. For smokers, it is also their duty that they should try their best to quit smoking. After all, it is not a good behavior to have a cigarette and affect other people's health.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking is a killer of the human. The killer is terrible not only because it will slowly take your live away but also you can not easily let it leave you alone. Many young man thought that smoking is a cool thing. Smoking let them feel like that they are adult and they can handle everything. But they don't know smoking is just a fast way to hurt their health! It is not wise to smoke because they want to be looked like they are brilliant. Another reason that I thought smoking is bad because the people who are hurt the most are not the smoker but people around the smoker. There is a study show that the family of the smoker is more easily to get cancer. This study tell us a fact that the things which would harm human's health are mostly be taken by people who around the smoker. Due to the reason above, especially the second reason, smoking not only harm yorself but also people around you. I think that is why at public places the smoker are banned to smoke, not to mention at the restaurants.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, the act of smoking is bad to bodies no matter the smokers or people around the smokers. The smokers have trouble not smoking again. If people smoke for a long time, they will get the lung cancer. The color of lung will be change from fresh red to black. And they often get cough. Second, the restaurants is where people enjoy foods in. people should enjoy the meals in a good environment, and the restaurants is public place, smokers should respect the other people's right and health. The smell of smoking is so ugly and I never think that when a man is smoking, his act is very handsome. I don't know what on earth the girls think about. Not only people who don't smoke have rights but also the smokers have rights to choose whether they smoke or not. Maybe the restaurants can place a room that only smokers can enter. So that people who don't smoke can use their meal delight and the smokers can smoke freely. I just think only a few restaurants can be placed smoking room now. I hope that the smoking room can be no use ever forever. The smokers could decrease slowly.


I totally agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country, because it is not only concerning smokers, but also concerning other people around them. Even this rule would be not convenient for those who smoke. There are three reasons why I support this rule. First, smoking would cover fragrance of food and people could only smell smoke, not their food. That could interfere with people enjoying their meal. Second, smoking would be dangerous for other people. At the restaurant, especially at buffet, there would be a lot of people, such as waiters or waitresses and other people who want to go to the restroom or leave, walking around. If smokers are not careful, fired cigarettes would make them hurt. Third, the second hand smoke is not good for health. Inhaling second hand smoke could increase the rate of generating liver cancer. Besides, to some people who have breathed disease smoking would harden their sickness. According to these three reasons, therefore, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nevertheless, the restaurants also have to establish the smoking room for the people who want to smoke. No matters smoking or not, everyone all could enjoy their time at restaurant.


When we go to the hospitals, we can see a lot of ads that talk about smoking. Because it is very harmful to our health, it can cause the lung cancer. In our lives, we always see many people smoking in the restaurants even if the restaurants announced that smoking is banned. The air in the restaurants mixed with dangerous material is scared. It not only makes the smell strange but also destroys our body. However, now secondhand smoke is also known by the people. Even you are not a smoker, you are exposed under the dangerous air also lead to the cancer. The risk made by secondhand smoke we face is more than smokers made. If the customers want to smoke, they can build a smoking room for them or tell them to smoke outside. Every place has different manners of restaurants. In my opinion, the most important thing is that every customer's health. So, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Otherwise, I think that government should increase the fine of smoking if smokers smoke in the restaurants. Because they not only harm themselves but also harm other people's health, to do so, we can see a better effect on the policy, we can create a healthy environment we live.


Everyone knows that smoking is not a good thing. It will hurt your body, get cancers, even hurt the people you don't know, they just close to you unlucky. So the government has planned to ban smoking at all the public place, like restaurants, shopping malls and train stations. The effect is not good as it predicted. People still smoking everywhere. To protect most non smoking people, some public places set smoking area that put smokers together. I extremely agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants, even all over the country. The reason is very simple: smoking is bad! For the health of country, we should stop making or input cigarette. I don't like the smell of smoke, and I believe that most people are the same. I don't know why the smokers started to smoke. They insist smoking though the healthy tax is heavier and heavier. And there's quite a lot of clubs promote the disease that smoking makes. Smokers still smoke. I hope them will understand how foolish they are someday. But I cannot stand smoking in the restaurant. Try to imagine that you were ready to have a meal that looks very delicious. Suddenly the disgusted smell flied into your nose. Won't you want to kill the man who destroyed your dinner? That's why I agree to ban smoking at all the restaurants.


Smoking is definitely what we learned that will hurt our health. The ingredient called nicotine of the cigarettes do great harm to our lungs. It is reported that the nicotine contained in a cigarette can cause a little mouse to lose its live, and twenty cigarettes can poison a cow. Children's respiratory are not fully developed; the affect by smoking is far greater than adults. We can learn that smoking really cause big impact. Not only the smoker will get lung cancer but the people who just stay have the possibility to get it. In public places, people stay at the same place. It is hard to get away from the risk of the second hand smoker; people are all forced to breathe the bad air. If we do not have the ban of smoking, the victim of second hand smoke will all in danger. Although the ban on in public places for smokers will have a great impact, on many public places will have outdoor smoking areas. This policy not only prevents the innocent passive smokers but give the way for smoker to relax. There is no help of smoking, hope all goes will to smokers who want to quit the bad behavior.


In the recent, the issue whether we should ban smoking completely at all restaurants becomes more and more popular. When referencing to this issue, I disagree that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country firmly. As a matter of that according to the most of medical studies, no one can deny that smoking's disadvantages are more then it advantages only to respect others' self freedom is absolutely important. As far as I concerned, the main reason why I disagree smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country can be summarized as following points. First of all, we should others' self freedom. In most modern countries' law, this is the most important what we should obey. A man can do anything that he wants to do, only that he will not bother others. In the second place, many people who agree smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants always clams that second hand smoking problems. However, there are many solves con improve this problem. For example, a restaurant can design a smoking section, separating smoking and non smoking people. Therefore this problem can be solved easily. Actually, I'm a person like most people who hates the smell of smoking. However, when referencing to this issue, as the reasons I have mentioned above I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country firmly.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in Taiwan, because the smoking is not good for smokers, but also for people around them. Recently, the number of people who killed by smoking is increasing, half of them don't have the habit to smoke. But why they died in such as cancer and other sick caused by the smoking? The answer is that they breathing in too many second smoke that more unhealthy for the people. Therefore, even if they don't smoke eventually they killed by other smokers. I think this is so fanny for that why no smoking people should be treated by the pain what the smokers should take for. To decrease the risk that those no smoking people take to, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. And not just banned at all the restaurants, but also banned at all public place. This is not just taking a care of the no smoking people but the smokers. By this way, the smokers will decrease the times of smoking because there is no place for them to smoke. After long times, they will too forget they are heavy smoker before. The world also can return to the no smoking parodies.


Speaking of smoking, it let me think my father because he is addicted to smoke. From teenager to middle ager, he always smokes after finishing every meal. My family was used to smelling this flavor, especially my mother. However, my little sister, she hates this flavor very much. Whenever my father smokes, she must rush in her bedroom to wear her mask, then goes back to living room with an angry face. There are a question has existed in my mind long time ago. Why still do lots of people to smoke even know it has no benefits? Although I don't hate the smell of tobacco, I can't stand smell the flavor when I was eating. Therefore I agree with smoking is banned at all the restaurants. Every time I see girls or boys smoking, I will be very disgusted at them, especially at a restaurant. In Taiwan, smoking in public places is forbidden; however, there still are many people do it. Therefore, I think the laws of forbidding smoking have to be more severe than old ones. And the punishments also should be stricter than old ones. Finally, I hope all of people who live in the country can follow the laws to provide a clean environment to enjoy fine food without stand stinky flavor.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking in restaurants should be banned in the country. Smoking can affect health; it can cause cancer and brain disease. People that smoking for a long time can relay tobacco and hard to refuge it, they can't live without tobacco. People will spend much money in smoking, a pack of tobacco cost 70 NT dollars in Taiwan. It is a lot of money on smoking in one year. Tobacco companies can earn much net benefit during one year. People smoke in restaurants not only cause the disease, it can affect other people's health. The reports point that second hand smoking cause more serious disease than the smoker. Smoking can cause global warming effect, burning the tobacco will produce CO2 and other warming gases. The tobacco companies will break down the tree in order to breed the tobacco, that will cause flooding and landslides. Smoking not only affects human's health but also affects earth's air; It is bad and not any benefit. Therefore, smoking should de completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In any public places should ban smoking too. Every one has the responsibilities to ban other people smoking in the public place.


Somebody think that smoking is important in his life, but in modern society, quit smoking becomes famous in public area, likes MRT station, restaurant, airport. So I think quit smoking is right. I agree with this propose. Why should I agree with this propose?First, we shoudn't want smell the bad flavor when we eating, it let the food loos not good to eat, and becomes sorrow in your mind, even if the custom don't want to come next time, it's a big damage to restaurant. Second, smoking have used the lighter, it's dangerous in restaurant, that's why restaurant should be quit smoking. In fact, I hate smoking or somebody does around me, so I very happy to hear this propose, and most of my friends are happy to hear, too. The restaurant quit smoking that have attraction for us, it let us to have a beautiful environment to enjoy this food. So I think advocate to quit smoking have benefit to restaurant, it's almost that restaurant advocate to quit smoking now. Smoking got hurts self and hurts other, secondhand smoke is very terrible. Secondhand smoke can be a cancer, the probability is high more than smoking!Cancer is a terrible disease in our life, In Taiwan, three ten thousand people be dead because they got the cancer, and more than before, the trend is very fast, smoking is speed up their dead, so I hope not only quit smoking in restaurant, it's not enough.


I think it's should not allow smoking at all restaurants in the country. But it can smoke on the attic or outside area. Smoke in the public area is unfair to the non smoke people, and it affects the dining atmosphere. For a non smoker, the smoke is not good to smell, and some people allergy at it. In the restaurant, there are many kinds of people, unusual, like child, baby, and pregnant woman. They are unsuitable to smell the smoke, because it will harm their health and affect grow. Then, the restaurant atmosphere, actuality the smoke smell is bad, and most people smell the smoke they feel unhappy and want to leave. To the smoking people, they will argue that it's unfair to their human right. So we have to give them a place to smoke, like roof, outside, a stateroom and so on. The area they can smoke but not bother their people, I think it's a way to solve this problem. If it has to ban the smoke in the restaurant, there should have some rules. And there has some problems, the first one is when some people don't follow the rule, what should we do? And how to propaganda and let people agree this rule? I think it's the questions to the executor. All in all, I strong suggest people do not smoke in the restaurant or any public area, there are too many disadvantage to smoke.


To be honest, I feel strongly that smoking is really a bad behavior for any human, and smoking should be completely banned whole world. In spite of smoking may hurt health who smoke, but there still a lot of people like smoking today, they do not think this behavior is a serious problem, and they enjoy the feeling of smoking. Some said that smoking can reduce stress; some think that smoking can relieve anxiety moods, and other think that smoking can refresh themselves. Today smoking is around the world, not only among the old and the men people, but also among the youth and the women people, smoking is getting more and more serious problem. Restaurant is the place people eat and chat there, and enjoy the delicious foods there. Some of the restaurant almost is airtight place, in particular there have air conditioner in it, if someone smoke in the place may caused the air not fresh and everyone mat smell the bad air. I think that smoking should be completely banned at all of the restaurants public place and work place. The smoker should not smoke in the place where banned smoking. In order to keep your family healthy and the world's health, that all of the smoker should get rid of smoking behavior. It is not only good for themselves but also good for everyone in the world.


In my opinion, smoking should definitely be banned in public places as it not only has deleterious effects on the non smokers present there but also may cause allergic coughing to many people. Besides, many youngsters are fascinated by the act of smoking and try to imitate it which may later develop into a habit. Especially in the restaurant, there is a lot of food, it will imminently in people's mouth; therefore, smoking in the restaurant is the worst influence to people's health! From most people's perspective, the drawbacks of totally banning cigarette smoking in restaurants outweigh its benefits. Smoking is a health issue and it should be prohibited. The problem is, in spite of its terrible effects on health, quite a lot of people take up this dangerous habit. The number of smokers is increasingly large, so they can affect public opinion and the economy. If we totally ban smoking right now, not considering the smokers, things may get out of hand. The only thing we can do now is to ban smoking step by step, beginning with a partial ban and then a total ban. Publicity and education are also indispensable to show smokers and non smokers the lethal nature of cigarette smoking.


Nowadays, smoking is become a bad habit. It is almost known to all that smoking is bad for people's health. Some scientific researches show that smoking can lead to heart disease, cancer and other problems. The world health organization says diseases linked to smoking kill at least two million five hundred thousand persons each year. Still, there are many people find it difficult to stop smoking. There are some reasons from those who usually smoked. First, smoking usually becomes a habitual behavior and habits, whether good or bad are not easy to be given up. Second, the effect of nicotine, which is the substance found in cigarettes works on people somewhat as drugs do. Measures have been taken to help people keep away from the harm of smoking. In many cities, smoking is forbidden in public places such as in schools, in trains and so on. The danger of smoking is warned of everywhere. And newspapers are asked not to publish advertisements for cigarettes. World "no tobacco day" is observed every year as the biggest campaign against smoking. There are so many bad effects about smoking. How to protect it and to make people not to smoke is becoming a big lesson in our life. Next time, if there have people smoked near you; just say to them "No smoking. "


Everybody knows that smoking is harmful to our health, it can damage our lungs or even cause cancer in your chest. However, there are still some people smoking, it has become an addiction to them. In addition, smoking not only do harm to ourselves but also do to others, it is called second hand smoke. Therefore, nowadays it is banned to smoke at a public place, such as MRT station or some restaurants. There are some reasons that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, not everybody can stand the smell of smoke, if you smokes in a restaurant, you will cause others uncomfortable. In addition, there are many food in the restaurant, smoking will cause these food become not fresh, or even change its flavor. Also, according to some researches, people who take second hand smoke will have more chance to have cancer easier than smoker. And most important of all is that there could be children or expectant mother in the restaurant, smoking will do harm to them. Hence, based on above reasons, if we want to make the place where we eat more comfortable and great, we should strictly restrict smoking at all the restaurants in the country.


Should smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country? I think it is necessary to do that, because smoking is hazardous to their health but also to cost money. Even so, there are still many people like to do it, they always believe smoking can help them to think to solve the question to mention also allows them to relax physically and mentally above the pressure and worry. Even if the expert report, cigarettes have many serious physical harm to human health, and even tobacco smoke is far greater than even smoking. The risk of these harmful substances, such as nicotine, tar and tobacco smoke can cause lung cancer in smokers are likely increased substantially. And even then most people will not like the existence of second hand smoke, but drug addicts or addicted to them. So I think that must be strictly prohibited in public places, smoking, presumably restaurants are no exception, because that is where many people out there not only for the elderly there are many children out of the habit of drug addicts if not prohibited, it would seriously jeopardize to these people's health. Therefore, no smoking restaurant in the country is necessary to implement things.


About smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think the public ban on smoking in a bill that must be performed. I have the following three examples. The first point, many medical studies that the ingredients contained in the cigarettes will lead us to human health hazards. If the resulting disease, which will cause the waste of medical resources of our country. Secondly, cigarettes, and numerous compounds, will seriously pollute our air quality, if smoking in restaurants and other indoor areas, the pollution caused by certain more serious such an outcome will not only affect the power of the other guests do not smoke will pollute our food. Third, smoking, and cigarette butts left behind after the ash will cause environmental pollution. If not properly handled, is bound to become environmental issues. For these three reasons, I agree that a comprehensive ban on smoking in public places and restaurants. I suggest that smoking in all restaurants are prohibited. Finally I suggest for a license restaurant smoking be allowed in their premises (should be quite easy to get). License will allow smoking are willing to provide good air conditioning installation, reducing the number of tobacco on a specific particle in the air.


