I think have part time job experiences for students in their college life are important. In my opinions, first, most of students don't have to leave their hometown and don't have to do every thing by themselves before they become freshmen. As became a freshman, students might have to leave their hometown far for good university and parents might tell them that you should deal with everything by yourself include your costs for live. So this is definitely a good chance to training them. Second, they can learn a lot of rules and professional knowledge about the job and methods for make friends by having part time job experience. It is useful for training them and makes their world wider. Besides, friends who known in part time job might be important in their future. For instance, in part time job, they might find their best friend even soul mate, and can find friends or bosses that can give a hand in their futures job as they meet some difficult. When doing part time job or the life in the university it can be look as a little society, so before enter the real society, it can be a good chance to practice and find fault to make themselves more sophisticated. I think having part time job experiences might make it easier and useful for students to find good jobs.


I don't agree that it's important for college students to have a part time job, besides they must. Taiwan's education is not similar to U. S; we don't have many vary choice to choose which one we like or want to touch in school. Only in college, we choose many way to learn, even you are not major the department, you also can choose the class of other departments. In college, you can touch many vary things, and you can control what time you want to go to school except major classes. How many classes you have touched? Except major classes, you have much time to do you want to do, you might want to rest instead of in class all day, you can use the time to swim or do some sports. How long will you stay in college? General students are 4 years in Taiwan, you spend one third times of 4 years to major classes, and more than one third to other classes, the rest of time is not much to you to do anything you want to realize deeply. Sometimes, you thought money is most important to your life, but, to my opinion, learning is really the most important.


In today's modern society, more and more students are earning for their allowances. Besides, many employers want to hire the person who has the working experience before entering into their companies. Thus, with a working experience for students is important. As we can see in the colleges, most of the students have a part time job when they study in the school. They not only want to earn for their livings, but also accumulate their working experience. This experience especially plays an important role while writing their resumes. When they want to enter a company in the future, many employers look at the section, working experience, in the resumes. The more experience you have, the much easier you can get the entrance ticket to your favorite company. And that's the reason why the college students want to have a part time job while studying. Take me for example, now I'm a college student, and I'm seeking for a part time job in the summer vocation. In order to broader my working experience, I have tried many kinds of tasks which are totally different, such as a reception In the World Trade Center and a telephone caller in the cram school. In my opinion, once I have done more jobs, I would have more chance to enter into my favorite firm. By extending the working experience, it is important to have a part time job for a college student. Moreover, once the experience accumulates, the employer would have a desire to employee you in the future!


In order to be an independent adult, we have to work in our student life. We will get much money and experience. Learning how to live in the world. For example, I had three part time job in my school life. First part time job is a guide. My work is taking Japanese tourist to go around Taipei City. I love traveling, so I enjoy the part time job. It's interested to me. Second part time job is a cram school teacher. I have to teach junior high school student geography. The work is more difficult than the first part time job. I have to promote their geography of test grade. If students don't to learn the subject, I would be disturbed by student's parents and the cram school other teachers. Not only make high geography of test grade, but also to edit new geography textbook. It's not easy to me. Third part time job is KFC's clerk. The work is a busy part time job. I have to clean tables, introduce set, and fry the chicken. I hate the job, so after 3 month I quit the part time job. Although I have some bad experience, it's still important to me. These experience abundant my life.


Actually, student doesn't have a lot of time to waste. Before senior high, you must have to learn the basic theory. So you just have only 7 years to learn the pro level knowledge, and choice your job which you maybe will do your whole life. If you don't study hard, you may lose the job you want. Everyone wants to do the job they want, so you can't avoid to compare with others, many company decide who they want is determined by who have more pro level knowledge. Maybe there also have several company will decide it by your part time experience. But the most of part time job doesn't relative the job you find. Because the company doesn't let untrained person to do the complex job. So you also couldn't get any plus from your part time experience when you find the job. Part time job is not bad choice when you are a student, but you should control your time well. Don't let part time job take huge part in your life. You still have to take time to concentrate on your study. Study still should be the first in your ranking. Time is money, if you control your time well, you will have a lot of good experience to enrich your life. Knowledge is the most important power for student. It's an unchangeable rule.


I have tried to work since I graduated from senior high school, not only on vacation but the time I studied for my exam. There are no other reasons just the one I am poor. I have to earn my life by looking for part time job and doing well. Actually, my free time is almost gone. When I leave my school, I have to run to my office. I tried telephoning at cram schools or standing on the street all afternoon for distributing my dm. I have little time to join my friends' action. I left the ball team because I could not handle it. Sometimes I hated that I have to work, but now I find new fun on my part time job. I can practice my talking skills during being a waitress, and I can be a friend with many other students like me, and I learn many experiences that I can't learn in school. However, I find my way to balance both between my school and my job. I can use my time well to do each thing. I don't think it is important for college students to have a part time job because not everyone can handle both in his college life. But if you have the business, you can train yourself and gain achievement in different area. It's useful for your future work.


I agree that is important for students to have a part time job at college. In our country children are protect by their parents until they 18 or more than that. We don't have much time to touch the outside world. Go to college is the first time we have to deal everything ourselves, so I think it's a perfect time to make more friends, know how hard our parents earn money. You can learn a lot of thing in a part time job, for example, if you are a clerk, you can learn how to use the cash register, the way to talk to customers. For those experience you may know how to interact with other people in a polite way. Also you can try to release some pressure of your parent, let them know you can do those thing, and they don't have to worry you. Moreover, in college we have a lot of activities, you always have to spend some money, if you want to save money, you must try to earn money, let the income more than the money you spend. Although it's important to have a part time job, we must remember our main job is our school work. Learn how to schedule our time is another challenge. Having a part time job can let students more independent, more responsible for their life.


In my opinion, I think every college students should have a part time job during their school times. While we are in school, people always said that school is just like a small society. But if we want to learn how to socialize with people or compromise between others, get a part time job to learn it. It's the fastest way to know how the society works. Although we may feel upset in someway, but every challenges are new opportunities to experience the society, and it makes we stronger. By the future, when we graduate from colleges, and get a full time job in other places, we will discover the frustrations that we faced before are nothing at all. Because we had known how to deal with it, and solve problems by experienced. While searching for a part time job, there is some important information for students to know. Focus on your schoolwork and concentrate on your major courses. Don't let the job interrupt you. Part time job is just a lesson for us to be well prepared before we enter the society, but me students can't mix them, or we may screw them up both. A job is a job, the school is the school, and we need to separate the part time job from our schoolwork.


everyone argued that if students goes to part time job, someone think it makes people learn something, like society skills, speaking skills: but someone think that it compress the time that student need study. I started my part time job after I graduated from junior high school that is first time I get money from job. I was so happy that I spent it very quickly; I bought cloths, dress, and food. I felt very satisfied. But the more people have the more unsatisfied heart grow up. So I felt unhappy when I exhausted my money. My best friend, Cindy, who always in part time job every day. Her life is work, work, and work. When we have group report, she usually can't do with is together, but it is important to our class, so we started unhappy, told her that it's not right. if the thing she learned in college is just the work, but she ignore the friends, study, score, and future, it's to put the cart before the horse. At the end, we don't do the report with her anymore. It is no use crying over spilt milk even if she is very regret. Maybe part time job can make one more and more wipe, but can let one lose her college life. I think college time is more pressure than anything. If you haven't enjoy the college time, it' very unfortunately


As a college student, we have our own responsibilities of life. We have to work for the income ourselves. That is why we need a part time job so much. e have class and need to study most of the times. We can do a full time job. But the problem of living cost still need to be solved. To solve this problem, finding a part time job is a good way. Summer vacation is coming. It is a hot time that many people want to find part time jobs, especially students. Because we students now have more free time to work. Take good use of summer vacation, we can have more extra money to use by get a part time job. Part time jobs have some advantages for us to do. First, it doesn't have to throw all of our time in it. Most of them just need to choose some period that you can go to work. Second, you can learn more new thins and skills, most important of it, and also the ordinary reason we want to get a part time job, is that we can earn some money. However, finding a part time job also has some bad parts. One is that the salary is very little. Sometime the employee may take student as free worker. The paid isn't equal as what we work. The other is that there are plenty of illegal jobs nowadays. If we don't pay pull attention and find jobs carefully, we may break the laws. So finding a part time job isn't an easy thing and we might be careful of it.


I think it is important for college student to have a part time job. Most of our parents don't give us too much money. For example, I can 4000NT per month from my mother. But minus the daily basic meal costs and MRT costs, I only have 500NT left to watch a movie with friends or to buy CDs or other things. Apparently, that is not enough. Also, college students will soon join into social live and finding a formal job. If we college students don't get a part time job and experienced working life, we must tend to be frustrated after we graduate and start working. Part time jobs at school or near school are usually kind to students. Students can work at a relax environments, learn ways to deal with people and understand that if you want to buy something, you need to pay effort on it. Though part time didn't really earn much, 3000 5000NT per month maybe some people will earn even more is enough. Through this process, college student will know that earning money is not easy, and will be precious the money their parents earn and things they have got. It is not only a good experience before graduate, but also a nice education. That's why I think part time job is important.


Doing a part time job is a good idea for teens. We never know what will happen in the future, so doing a part time job is a good way for us to try different matters and to accumulate our working experiences. However, we have to think twice as we decide whether we are going to do part time jobs or not. To begin with, the reason we choose to do a part time job instead of doing other activities is quite important. I believe that someone who does a part time job just for salary, they are wasting their time and energy on trifles. On the other hand, if we can learn something never being taught at schools or in textbooks from the experience, it is worth for us to pay our time and energy on it. In addition, a work type is also an essential element we have to consider. For example, working in a pub is not a good idea for teens. For the foretasted reasons, I think that doing a part time job may be a good step to the adult, but there is still something we have to put our eye on it, or there is no difference between doing a part time job and spending time on other activities.


Being a college student means you have to take some responsibilities. And most people consider it is necessary for college students to earn their school fees and ordinary life expanse. Therefore, many students in Taiwan have experiences of taking a part time job. In my opinion, having a part time job not only helps student earn some money but also teaches them how to prepare for their career in the future. It is important for college students to have a part time job because it has many benefits. A college student is almost regarded as a grownup, so they should walk away from the shelters of their parents. Actually most western students think they must take care of themselves after graduating from high school. Because in some case, a person who reaches at the age of being a college student has already had the basic ability to live in the society on himself. Besides, only when working for the expenditure of living will understand we cherish any little amounts of money. Although it is important to have a part time job, some people still think it could influence school performance even make student flunk their some subjects. It is undeniable that some students in Taiwan encounter those situations. But I still think a mature college student can handle their schoolwork and jobs simultaneously.


About college students to have a part time job. I think that there is no absolute answer. Attitude is that we have to give attention to one thing. From working to upgrade our abilities, to expand our horizons and develop their own patient. From this, the part time is not a bad thing, we can even change our values, get self confidence, and relative reward obtained. When we work hard to get paid, the experience that is hard earned money, and will therefore develop the habit of thrift. On the contrary, because of the expense of students working part, this is not right. It is undeniable that the risk of part time too many hidden. For example, employees do not have insurance, out of the accident are not guaranteed. Second, the wage trap and more inexperienced people are easily deceived. Third, part time contract, breach of contract payment is high, people can not leave. In short, part time are both positive and negative. All in all, workers must tell our parents or friends to go with experience. Safety first, self protection and self judgment of good and bad things to ensure their own safety. Finally, I think if we take into account their own studies estimate would be good to play.


I think every college student should have a least one part time job in his college life. Because with part time jobs, you can accumulate your working experience. You won't be nervous when you are finding job or talking with the managers. Take my sister for example; she did part time jobs when she was a college student. And she was willing to share her experiences on her motivation letter. Therefore she gets a job as soon as she was graduated. She knows how to deal with the problems and makes many friends in her company. Doing part tine job can not only accumulate your experiences but also gain some money to keep ends meet. Moreover you can have a long term plan in stock market. You are no more a student who just study and get good grades. You become a person who starts to design his own future and a person who can afford himself. But while you try to find a part time job, remember, it's just " part time " not " full  time. " you are still a student now, and you have to find a balance between your part time job and school work. Last but not least, a part time job is a good way to know the real society. So every college student should find a part time during their school life.


In fact, I totally agree that college students have a part time job. Nowadays, the world is a diverse society. People living in the world need to possess various abilities to increase own competition. If students in college could possess many experiences which is outside class, it is more competitive. However, how to achieve this goal? Having a part time job is a good way. Working a part time job could train how to give service to guests. Understanding the need of guests in first time could train our reaction. After getting into the society, we could rapidly understand our customers' need and the goal of our company. In part time job working place, we have to learn getting along with our boss and colleagues and create a harmonious working place together. Having this ability, we easily get well along with the colleagues who work in the same department. If there is a good relationship between colleagues, the working efficiency and atmosphere could get better, too. When working a part time job, we could observe the way to operate a store well. This ability could help us to provide better operating methods that are benefit to our company. It needs long time to possess these abilities. It's hard to obtain right now after we work a job. If we could get all these abilities in college, we must be more competitive than who doesn't possess. So it is important for college students to have a part time job.


As far as I am concerned, whether to have a part time job during my college semesters is not a big deal. I think college is a place where I can learn lots of things by studying schoolwork, joining clubs, holding activities with my classmates, or do whatever I like if I manage my time well. I can go traveling on vacations, studying abroad as an exchange student, doing volunteer affair, or even joining a music concert, a training workshop outside the school is all seemed fantastic to me. I think studying in college is a process for me to understand myself more. I can arrange lots of activities for myself. There's no rule that I should follow someone's principle that limit my time. I'll learn to be independent and be responsible for me and others. However, I think doing a part time job is not so important to me that I must find one. I can learn lots of things by doing other things. Part time job is not the only source. And it also has lots of risk in it according to what kind of part time job I find. If I should find one, I will choose a job which is correspond to my major or my interest so that the experience can be a benefit in my future. Or, it can make me realize the difficulty to earn money that can train myself to be socialized earlier before graduation. Except for above reasons, I strongly don't think a part time job is so important for a college student.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job? I think my answer is YES. You can learn more and more experiments and earn money by yourself, if you have a part time job in your free time. My high schoolmate has working since she was 16. After she started in her work, she became independent and responsible person. Now, she is a college student, she pays her tuition, she can buy anything that she likes, she got great grade, and her parents don't worry about her. In my case, I had a part time job in last summer vacation. Though it was only two months, I still learned a lot of things. I really felt happy and proud, when I got my first income. It is good to do something by myself. I want to have a part time job when I become to sophomore. I think that it is helpful to have a part time job after school. It not only you can earn money, but helps you to know the society earlier. You can learn things earlier than the other that don't have part time job. It is important for college students to have a part time job, and that would be a wonderful experiment in your college life.


I agree it is important for college students to have a part time job. First, a college student is not a child anymore, and he should be more independent than before; besides, he should try to learn how to make living by himself. By having a part time job, it can release the family burden, and learn to be responsible for what he have done. Second, doing a part time job can not only earn extra money but also learn social experiences that one cannot learn from the textbooks such as work ethics. I don't think a college student spends much time studying, and instead of fooling around all day, I suggest a college student have a part time job in his spare time. I believe a part time job plays an important role in most of college students' lives. Then, people can make more friends and expand their horizons through doing part time jobs; moreover, if the one who has working experiences before graduation, it will be easier to find a full job in the future. The most important of all, people can find fulfillment in working. If the part time job is interesting for students, they will have fun to do the jobs. According to those reasons, I think it important for college students to have a part time job.


I think having a part time job is important for college students, because in a part time job we can learn many different experiences Some students just learn about his major, but others skills are very poor, for example, some students just know how to get along with books but don't know how to get along with person. In a part time job, we can learn how to get along with boss, even can learn how to cooperate to get the work. And we also can absorb some different knowledge from jobs. For example, some job about sells, we have to know that the goods detail before our works, so we can learn some new knowledge. In the job, we can meet many different person, we can learn something special from each person. Last month I had a part job, and I met one girl she teach me how to baking bread and cake, I think this knowledge is more important than money for me. Now, some students don't need money but get part time job, because they want to learn something new that is school lack. More and more ways we can found a part time job, use self's free time to learn something new, I think it's very good, and I think it is very important for college students, too. I think having a part time job is important for college students, because in a part time job we can learn many different experiences. Some students just learn about his major, but others skills are very poor, for example, some students just know how to get along with books but don't know how to get along with person. In a part time job, we can learn how to get along with boss, even can learn how to cooperate to get the work. And we also can absorb some different knowledge from jobs. For example, some job about sells, we have to know that the goods detail before our works, so we can learn some new knowledge. In the job, we can meet many different person, we can learn something special from each person. Last month I had a part job, and I met one girl she teach me how to baking bread and cake, I think this knowledge is more important than money for me. Now, some students don't need money but get part time job, because they want to learn something new that is school lack. More and more ways we can found a part time job, use self's free time to learn something new, I think it's very good, and I think it is very important for college students, too.


In my opinion, I think a college student should have a part time job at least. Going to work is a direct way to improve some concept we should have. No matter what jobs, having a job must can learn many things. We can have a lot experience before we going to work full time. Part time jobs can help us more sensitive to everything we touch at first time. Nowadays many of boss think the young people have less basis knowledge on work, such like be on time, be responsible, and so on. Even some boss says that they feel they like a mother. They have to take much care of young people. Try to tell them what should do, and what should not to do. But there are still some ways can learn the experience which we have to get on part time jobs. I think college is a small society, everybody may learn more things that we can't learn from books. Taking an example, we can play many fun things with a lot of friends. Making a lot of friends also can learn how to be together with each other. Many things have to learn and balance, such as fall in love, know lot friends, or get high grades. However, our finally goal always find a good job, so learn a lot experience on jobs may better.


I agree with the point that college students should have a part time job. Being a college student means that you are going to become an adult. Not just the meaning of the word, it also means that you have much more responsibilities on your own. Having a part time job could let you learn to control your money. It also could let you decline your consuming on your life, because you realize how hard it is to earn that money. Second, having a part time job also can let you learn how to manager your time efficiently. Because besides studying, relaxing, entertaining... etc, you also have a part time job. It is very important to learn how to work and get good grades at the same time. I think the most important thing is that after graduating from college, you are going to be a fresh man in the society. Having a part time job is a kind of life experience. When you doing your part time job, you may have to communicate with your customers, workmates, boss... you will learn a lot of social skills from it. When you graduate, you also ready to step into the society already. Different from other people who never have a part time job in their student life, you have more chances to show your experiences and could face much more complicate challenges. Sum of all these reasons, having a part time job are not just can help your parent to pay your fee, but also could teach you a lot.


I slightly agree the importance of a part time job for college students. First, I think the chief reason for going to school is to learn. Some people may think they can also learn a lot in a part time job. But, the things could learn from job we also could lean from school too. We are students, the first thing for us is to increase our knowledge of what we major, if the job is most important then you don't have to go to school. And the things we can also learn in school include the attitude for how should we treat other people, how to blending with others, how to reach a goal, etc. These things we can learn not only from jobs but college. Second, some people may try to earn some other money for live a good life. But I think most of college students are working for the pocket money, not the cost of living. In this situation, it would not be a problem of living for if you don't have a part time job. So I only agree the importance for college students to have a part time job is whose income is for living or tuition.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. To begin with, they can not only release parents' pressure toward finance but learn how to manage their own salary; furthermore, they can be financial independent from parents gradually through part time job. In addition, taking part time job is helpful to learn the experience in the society. You have to check again and again and ask people who have managed the job for a long time before doing anything, such as understanding which tea is the professor's favorite before giving him the tea. What's more, college students can learn the attitude toward the work in the process of part time job. For instance, college students can understand "apology" is the first thing they have to do when discovering that they do something wrong, it is beneficial to college students because they have to take advantage of the attitude when they attending job in the society. To conclude, taking part time job is really beneficial to college students, they can not only earn money but train themselves how to manage their own salary; furthermore, college students can gain social experience from the part time job, cultivating the serious attitude toward job in the future.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because do part time job can make college students get more knowledge of the live. If students have no job experience they must meet something risks. For example: In society they cannot have enough experience to find normal job. This is why parents ask their son to find part job to get some job experience Second when we get some part job, we can meet different someone else. I think if we meet more people that we can learn more things. This thing maybe bad news but can let us learn experience to avoid that. Like my experience. I worked in the elementary school. I must take care of students in their class. In the fact this work is so hard because this students too difficult to control They make me so tired, but I think the experience can make me faced difficult things can get enough braves. The experience is very important than any else. Although part time job maybe difficult for students but if we can make money by this part time job and use this part time to learn more knowledge and more friends we can feel happy. Part time job is Very important for me


In my opinion, I consider that it is necessarily for college students to have a part time job. The following are the reasons why I think so. First, being a college student means that you are an adult, not a child anymore. You should learn to make money with yourself and keep economy independence gradually. I didn't mean that if you are a college student, you can't take any money in your family. I just mean that an adult should share responsibility for family livelihood, shouldn't ask your family for money only. Second, the period of university is the stage before entering society. Having a part time job will learn some skills which you do not learn from class and which are useful at the work in the future. If you have experiences of part time job, you have more advantageous positions than someone who doesn't have any experiences of part time job. Finally, having experiences of working makes you become more maturated. At work, you will face many other kinds of people, and go through some frustrations or get some achievements. All of these make you grow to maturity. Because these reasons above, I think that it is good for college students to have a part time job. And should every college students have a part time job during the period of university.


I agree that part time job is important for university students. Not only can we earn some money, but also learn work experience. In the respect of part time job salary, if university students have their own economics ability, they can do more things that they really want to do, such as studying aboard or learning other things that they interested in. They don't have to worry about money and have colorful school life. Another good thing is that they don't have to ask money from their parents. Part time job also offer some social training for students. University students can experience social environment and learn some skill that can not learn in campus. Students can also make friends with various people in different ages and jobs. From these different background people, students can learn a lot including lifestyle, life experience, and social skill and so on. I think it's vital for university students to have a part time job. However, it's necessary to take a balance between part time job and school homework. Although taking a part time job can earn money and get work experience, school homework is also important. Every student who has part time can not forget their duty  Studying. But if students have no idea to spend their free time, taking a part time job is a good choice for them.


Many college students have part time jobs, so do I. Though according some people, most of them from Asia parents, they disagree with it. A lot of Asia parents think their children only need to do is study, having part time jobs is waste of time. In my opinions: as a person, if we have chance to study, we should try our best to get it, but I also think having a part time job as important as studying. There are some reasons: First, Not all the knowledge from the books, in the reality, most of knowledge from our life and this world. Having a part time job can help us to know more things than studying. Second, if you didn't move your body at a long time just sit and read or write, you may have the health problems. Doing some part time jobs like answering the phones, delivering the flys will make you sweat a lot and move your body. Third, having a part time job make you must to learn how to manage your time. How to balance studying and part time job need your wise. If you don't have a good plan, your life would be a mess. Make a long story in short; I think as a student it's important to have a part time job. Although, not all the part time jobs are good, we still can use our wise choosing the better one and learning from it. At all, studying can't give us everything, having a part time job is one of ways to realize this world.


I'm strongly agree that college students should have a part time job. Instead of put the students' nose in the book all day long, accumulate working experience is kind of "study" before they have graduated. And it is a big challenge. There are many sort of part time jobs around this modern society. So, how to select the best job for we students? I think there are several conditions which we must concern about. First, we have to check our schedule. This is very important because under the pressure of studying and earning money, time is everything. Second, we have to check the content of jobs. That no need to say, we have to protect ourselves, and do what we can only do. The last one is to find the balance between school and part time job. However, learning at school is the most important thing now in our life. Being a student, we can do whatever do want to do, but don't forget we are now only a student. Otherwise, our family may worried a lot about us. If we can find out the best way between school and part time job, then it will be a successful beginning of our college life. So, find a part time job, and then enjoy it!


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Why do I say? First, when we graduate from college, everyone have to get a job. Why not get a part time job early to learn about social experience? It is very important to be trained about social quality when student period. If you have not any skill of social, you would afraid of working after graduation. Second, it will make students understand the toil of work that let them to cherish thing. Almost students don't worry about cost of living, because their parents would provide finance to them. So they are easy to waste money. However, when they make money by themselves, it would let them to use totally about money, time, thing, and so on. Third, if you have a part time job that could make you easily use money. Although, job can make someone learn more experience, it also can bring other money to self. That is a very special mode to learn about controlling money. Someone will make use of money to do more things. For example, learning language, saving, dancing, shopping, and traveling, and so on. I have a part time job in my college life now, so I agree totally about the idea. Maybe someone disagree my thought. So what? Everyone is in charge of itself.


Is important for college students to have a part time job? What the part time job is so important for most college student? These are good questions for nowadays college students. In my opinion, I think the part time job is very important for the college student for the following reasons. The first reason is that the student can learn the job experiences. About eighty to ninety percent of college in Taiwan when they graduated they should be find out their job. If they had the job experiences, it will be better than other who didn't have any job experience. And when the college student in the part time job, they also learn something that don't teach in the class. I thought the second reason is that the college student can find out which job is suitable for him in his part time job. Most students who didn't worked before after they graduated they will spend long time to find out what kind of job is suitable for him or whether they can have interest in the job. I think this is a very important, because most people just work for work or the money. If they are no interest in the job, not only is very tough for him, it also make lower the job appearance. And the college student if they have the part time job, they will know which job is more suitable for them and it is also save the time to looking for the job when they graduate. In conclusion, I think the part time job is so important for the college student for these two reasons, to get the experience and find out the job interest. For these two reasons, I strongly believe that the part time job is benefit for the college student, and is good for their future job.


I disagree that to have part time jobs is important for college students. In my opinion, as college students should have responsibilities on developing their horizons, studying hard on their majors and putting acknowledge what they learn in use. College students are different from students in junior high and high school. College students have more time, vigor, minds and abilities to think individually. Therefore, they can make good use of their time and resources in hands to create much possibility and get many experiences in their lives instead of only emphasizing on part time jobs. In addition, part time jobs take too much time, and it can not meet everybody's spare time completely, so we even have to sacrifice our free time for studying or doing something meaningful. Waste too much time and energy on part time jobs might miss many things except for earning money. If college students wanted to take part time jobs and studied very well simultaneously, it should have been an important issue for students. Entering to a college means a new stage to everyone. There are many resources in colleges that can be used. We should absorb acknowledge as possible as we can, so that we can appeal the things. We learn to repay for the society. If we were not able to find balance between part time jobs and studies, we might have lost both and even got no success.


I don't agree with the topic of a college students having a part time job. Though having a part time job can increase social experience, personal relationships, and enrich their collage life, part time jobs can also distract collage students on their studies if they take students too much time. They would not have enough time review or preview their classes. Insufficiency in sleeping time would also make them doze on class. For example, working during midnight has more paid but it is unhealthy for students and may bring providing problems. Above all, too many social activities decrease their passion on studying and they don't have enough time cultivate relationships with their books. On top of that, a collage part time person should interact with many social people. That may expose them on a not simple environment unlike their university. It will be dangerous to them. Not to say working in pub, even work as a tutor or babysitter should be aware. If they bring the social bad habits like cheating or passive thinking back to their school, it may also cause negative effects on their peers. In my opinion, it is always the best policy to do perfectly what the role a person is now. If being a student, just complete the duty of studying to the best.


As a student, we go to school most of time. We learn many subjects. However, it is just part of life. We do not combine knowledge into our life. We need to practice, as the saying goes, "practice makes things perfect". Due to part time job, it gives us learning and earning. When we service to people, we know we should use some strategy to make customers spend money. Sometimes we use buy one and get one free, and then customers feel them get more and be happier. In fact, it is just customers buy two objects. However, we make more profit, and they are also happy to make a purchase. It is two win in the end and reflect why people choose your merchandise not others. Not only you use some methods to make your merchandise valuable but give what they need. When we are in the school, we do not feel very different in his event. Nevertheless, we work and try to make customers shop. We have some pressure in quantity selling. We need to make people walk in the shop and push them buying. This part time job makes us understand what we learn in the class is used in the real world and find work are not easy thing. We need to learn more and then use more tips to sell. It is really different than before. We change our mind to learn in the school.


I agree with that it's important for college students to have a part time job. To study from the books is not enough for students to learn. They have to go outside to discover the real world, and to earn money by themselves. If students have a part time job, they will know how big is the world so they have to be strong by themselves. When I was a student, I used to play a lot and all I knew is studying and playing. After studying I would just play computer games all the day. I had a part time job this summer vacation because I found that everybody was always thinking that I am just like a kid. I started to get in touch with my job teammates and the boss. I found that everything is difficult to me and that I have to find answers on my own. In addition, I finally knew that earning money is not easy; I can't waste my money taking from my parents anymore. Moreover, I learned that I have to be more aggressive than I was. To do so, I can learn more in my life and life will become more interesting. Now I am courageous to face the world which will come after graduating. I agree with that having a part time job for college students is important because it gives students opportunities to learn from the real living world but not books. Students will learn more before they really touch the career.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The advantages of having a part time job can be divided in two parts. The first part is before the job, and the second part is after the job. In the first part, which means college students try to find a good part time job. They may read the newspaper or the internet to find what kind of job is good for them. During this process, they have to think carefully which job is better. In addition, they may try to introduce themselves to their boss and experience some interviews. They mush be confident to themselves so that they can make other people believe that they are ready to do jobs. In the second part, they have already worked for a period of time. Doing a part time job must make them be more responsible to themselves. They also practice their social behavior when they are working. It must be an important experience for them before they are graduate and try to find a normal job in the future. They can higher their emotion quality. They also can use their time much better when they try to balance their life between their studies and jobs. In Sum, having a part time job is good for college student to practice much more abilities before they graduate. It is a valuable experience.


I agree that students in college having a part time job are very important. The most important reason is that students can learn more which they can't study in the school. For example, students can know how to treat other people more politely. Another reason is that students can earn their own money themselves. They may know how hard parents earn money to support them. After doing part time job, students know that earning money is hard. Because of that they may think more when they buy things. In my opinions, students having a part tine job are only good for students but also motive them to do well. They may think more when they make choice or they may do things carefully. Maybe there have some dangerous in part time job but you don't have some dangerous you don't learn to grow up. Students are not always being prevented in parents' umbrella. They have to try to grow up. Doing part time job makes them know more about this society and makes them think more for others. To strong their heart and to grow their thinking up is the advances doing the part time job. You can learn other's advance and make that turning to your advance. Knowing more, thinking more and learning more are the reasons students having a part time job.


In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job. To begin with, students gain work experience before they enter the society. In this way, they can find what they are really interested in. By touching a variety of part time jobs, they make their own decision. On the other hand, if they want to study graduate school, they can easily know what they want to major in. In addition, having a part time job is helpful for university students' time management. For instance, they have to strike a balance between school and work. Also, this will help them to handle their business orderly and further have free time with friends. Finally, students know the difficulty of making a living. Most of their expenses are given by their parents so they don't have to worry about tuition. Take my friend for an example. She is the youngest one in her family and she relies on them or friends very much. Whatever she does, she used to find someone to help her. Although she is an adult in law right now, she is still childish. If she has a part time job while study in college, she would be more mature. In brief, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because they can gain experience and learn how to make their time management, they even become mature after taking the job. Above reasons, it is necessary for them to take a part time job.


Today, many college students have part time jobs. Isn't their job study? What are the benefits for students to have a job? Is having a part time job so important? I think it's important for college students to have a part time job. First, having a part time job not only helps students to learn how to social with people live outside their schools and families but also improves their talking skills. That would make them handle things better than others. Meeting varies persons, by the way, would open their eyes. Second, it gives more chances for college students to know how different jobs worked. That will help them to find their interest careers after graduate. It also let students know that earn money isn't as easy as they thought, and won't waste money on unnecessary things. But I only agree students to have part time jobs in vacations, not during school days. Because college life is so wonderful that everyone should enjoy it, not to use all your free time on works. Students should pay more attention on school works and outdoor activities, such as mountain climbing and beach swimming. Although having a part time job is important, it is still only a small part of the college life. You'll have whole life long time for work, so don't be so worried about money now. Enjoy your college life!


I don't this students have part time job is important. Because a part time job may decrease the time they study further more they may be tired when they in class or can't be focus on the courses. Beside, I think the time we can be a student is valuable, for a student can have a lot of learning resources, and cheap learning opportunities, most important of all, students are allowed to make mistakes. Therefore the students can try to do anything they want; by this way they will have the chance to inspire their mind. The students also will have more creativity. As the reason above, I think for the most of the students' opening mind and the development of the creative thinking, students should treasure the time when being a student. However if the students really need the money, I think I will support them. For if they have no money or they have difficulty on their basic living, therefore I think they won't have time to think how to improve their study. A part time job except can make money it still can learn some experience about the job or how to cooperate with other people. Those experiences are also very valuable, though they sacrifice some of their student time learning in school, I think they just transform their learning model. Under the condition that they don't give up their learning attitude, they do part time job is for the reason they want to keep learning, they just learn in different places.


I don't agree this essay. I have three reasons to support my answer. First, maybe people think that you should have experience to get along with other people before you graduate from university. Because they are not students anymore, they can't get used to their new environment. There are no teachers and classmates, and no one can forgive you easily if you make mistakes. But my answer is different from others, I think you can join campus organizations to get along with other people rather than you have a part time job. Learning in campus organizations is the best choice for university students, and you don't waste much time to do things which you don't like. Second, university students have a part time job that they usually couldn't concentrate on their schoolwork, so it means that they sacrifice their schoolwork because of few money. Do important things first. You'd better spend your time on some worthwhile things, and don't threw yourself into a confusion. Do the right thing at the right time. Third, I think that may influence other students because of one proverb which we have been heard: monkeys see; monkeys do. So university students a have part time job that maybe not a good thing for themselves.


A part time job is very important to students, especially university students. Students can learn so many things that they would adapt for their jobs in the future. For example, they will know how to socialize with consumers and managers. Also, there would be very much situation occurring when they work. Students have to deal with that by themselves. Maybe they can't deal with it perfectly, but their partners would help them, and they can learn precious experience that has benefits to their jobs. I remember I had the first part time job a year ago. The job is that you should sent flowers to consumers, and tell them how to plant them. Although the job took me about eight hours a day, actually it was really easy job to do. In the job, I should socialize with consumers, so I know how to chat with them gradually. Sometimes, my partner and I sent many flowers so that we will have sense of achievement. To me, the salary of the job is not the most important thing, because I think I learn many other things that I couldn't realize in the school. So, I hope that the students of university can spent their free time taking a part time job. Except for the salary, you can learn more things. Go ahead!


As a college student, there are many items to do; for example, attending the courses, handing in the homework on time, study and so on in four years. Although having a part time job does not list on the school's rule, it is an important mission for a college student. The major reason is that the students will get the extra experiences which are not appeared on the text book. First of all, a student who has a part time job will meet the various kinds of friends. The system of the job is more complex than school's one; as a result, it needs different persons   the professional managers, someone is good at conversation, or someone cook very well  to get the target. Hence, having a part time job is a chance to meet the friends. Second, a student will exam the differences between the course and the real situation, or will apply the knowledge which have been got from course into a real case. For students who major in marketing, they will learn the experiences about the art of conversation with customers when they be a salesman in market. For students study in cooking, it is important to have a part time job in restaurant. They will realize what consumers like after being a waiter. The part time job provides students the opportunities to contact with customers, and induces students' creativity. On the other hand, some parents worried about the conflict between the part time job and the students' grade in school. In my opinion, keeping the balance these two parts is an important lesson for the students, how to manage their time well or doing anything efficient. For these reasons, having a part time job is beneficial for college students. In short, it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think it is an important. If you have been working some where, you may know someone, and have some personal networks. Someone is not agree have part time job is good thing; you can learn more profession knowledge in the same time. When you are young, you have a good memory, so you can use this advantage to do something that has significance. In someone's life, they need to do something for living, because they don't have a good background to support them. And they need work for them or they family. In this situation, the children may to face some difficult thing, such as bad guys, drug attractive. They can be a sturdy guys or depraved guys. In different life, you have choice to select what you want to do. If you want test what you can do, what guys you can be, how do get you want to have, you just to do, but don't forget why you study in the college? Why don't you have full job to work? You need think clearly. Otherwise how about give sometime to think yourself, and ask someone about your ideals. And you will have a different suggests, just to do what you want, but don't do a bad thing.


Many people think doing part time job is an important experience, and I'm no exception. My first part time job was a telephone caller in a cram school. It was an easy and also an uneasy job. When I called someone I didn't know, he or his families would shout at me because they thought I was a liar. But when I called my friends, I could chat with them and it was much easier to invite them to the cram school to listen to the classes. Until I went to the university, I did similar part time jobs in different cram schools. Afterward, I went to Kaohsiung to study English. There were more chances for me to find different part time jobs because Kaohsiung was a big city. In the first year in Kaohsiung, I was a waitress in a restaurant. I gave menus, ordered for customers and cleaned the surrounding everyday. Although it was tiring, I still liked there because the boss and other co workers were kind. I worked there for 1. 5 years. In the second year, I taught elementary school and junior high school students English in YMCA. Also, I started to be a tutor, too. Teaching students in a class and one on one were quite different, but both of them were fun and challenging to me. From then on, I like to teach students and enjoy the time to get along with them. I think I am lucky since I find out my interest by doing part time jobs. To do part time jobs can make friends and some money, but we still should make sure that we deal with the school work well. After all, to study hard is the basic work for students.


Many people think that students only have to get good grades in the college, but I disagree with the idea. There are three reasons for college students to have a part time job. First, students can save some money, and know that it's not so easy to work. Thus they would not waste their parent's money to buy useless things. For some poor students it's also a good choice to earn more money. Second, students can choose the part time job which is related to what they major in the university. By the chance, students can know more about their future career. And they can prepare for it from the time in the university. Third, and most important, students can learn many things that they will never know from the book, to open their mind and know the world earlier. It make college students know what the society is, and help them to know how to make friend with others and how to have a conversation with their boss. Due to the three reasons, I believed that it is important for college students to have a part time job if the students could arrange their time for the study and part time job very well.


I agree that is important for college students to have a part time job. When they have the part time job they may have more responsibility to theirselves. And before they entering to the college, they didn't have more time to go out for the work. So I think they don't know how to go with other people. Besides having the part time job they could learn the social relationship that people never learned in the book. For example, I have learned a lot when I am a tutor. I learned how to teach my learn to students and how to communicate with their parents. But the most instant is that I can make money by myself. And when people have a lot of part  time job they will learn how to use their time. I think this is a very important skill for anyone. And only they can distribute their time usefully they can have more efficiency to do their things. But I think when college students have the part time job, they couldn't forget their homework. How to use college time is a very importment that it may influence everyone after they graduate. Such as their first job, because their boss will consider whether or not to admit this social fresh man.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. It is not only can earn some pocket money for self but also accumulate social experience for the future. Most of us have given pocket money by our parents since we were children. As we grow up, the desire is getting bigger and bigger. However, parents will not give us everything we want, the thing only we can do is try to make some money by ourselves. I think it is also a good way to prove that "We are adult". Most of people might think when we graduate from school and it is the time we have to face unemployment. "The chance is for seekers. " That is to say, if we need a chance, we have to create it. The best way is have as mach practical experience as we can. Part time job is a good choice that we can learn a lot of experience from. It is really a wonderful experience to have a part time job when we are still students. Especially, we can learn lots of that we may never known from cold books even our professors. That is a good way for us to associate with colleagues or customers. Everyone should get it a try!


It is of primary importance that every college student should get a part time Job. A part time job not only gives students extra financial supports for their lives but engages students in learning new skills and tacking relationships. Nowadays, simply knowledge from textbooks or school courses are not more useful than real experiences. Although it is not difficult for students to get high scores in school tests, it may be challenging to perform well in their jobs. If a college student never tries to earn part time work experience, he or she may find it a bit hard to quickly throw themselves in careers. The reasons why they can not do fit into the career world are composed of a couple of factors. First, students with part time work experience have more tolerance to setbacks and frustrations. Second, they are more experienced in dealing with the relationships with bosses or colleagues. Third, the skills or techniques that they had learned from previous experience somewhat help them with their new jobs. The last point is that bossed have a preference to choose a worker with work experience rather than the one with little experience. In conclusion, college school students are required to have a part time job to prepare them to be competent for the upcoming future.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. In my opinion, there are several reasons. First, college students have much free time in their daily life, if they spend time on playing games, surfing the Internet for not thing or other meaningless things is so bad. Second, they can learn some skills in many different jobs, at the same time, they may explore the job they really suitable and like in the future. Third, they can make many friends from different background, school, etc. The friendship establishes on work together will be tough and maintain longer than under other situation. Forth, they will find how difficult to earn money by themselves, so that they will cherish things and thank their parents more and more. There are many reasons for college students have a part time job, but so many parents disagree they do so. Why? Parents worry about they waste time and hurt themselves. Shouldn't protect them in "warm room", in fact, it will limit them learn by themselves; let them miss chances to grow. So, I think that college students have a part time job is useful to their life. Trust them, will mature gradually!


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Maybe there are some students still be helped by parent's economy support. But in my case, I have a part time job when I entered university. The payment is not so much but it's enough to offer my life's payment. And I also learned a lot of things from the part time job. Such as facing very different kinds of people, I believe those experience will become your skill to solve the problem in job of the future. Second, I met some important friend of my life, it's just like a little society but not that complicated as the full job. Develop the great friendship is important and helpful to ourselves. Third, I think it could let student become more independent that students have a part time job. I earn the money by self, and I think it could learn how to use and separate my salary in my school life, those necessary payment like eating, shopping, playing.... etc. After all, almost college students stayed in the university about four years. If you choose to enter the career and find a job after graduated. I think those part time job experience will be helpful to you.


Nowadays, our society is full of many college students, however, most of them do not understand the works which they really want or they are really suitable. So I think that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. Partly because by taking a part time job can make college students know more about the related works, and partly because they can learn more knowledge in different areas, and partly because they can experience many different lives. Maybe college students will meet some difficult or some trap, but these things can be something help you in the future. But we also should notice some things, for example, we should be careful when taking a part time job, we have to take care of ourselves, and most important is that we must not give up our majority. We have to put our schoolwork on the top one, that is, we should pass all of the subjects safely at least, but not failed. After all, being a college student is what you need to do now, so I think that if college students want to take a part time job, they should also take much time to do their schoolwork.


All of everyone wants a wonderful and colorful life at college. Except studies, relationship, entertainments and love life, having a part time job is also important. Doing part time jobs is not only making money for extra expenses but also giving those college students a work experience to learn and taste something new. It's more and more importance for employers to employ someone with work experiences than with a high educational background now. The college students can find their interests about their future work, and then experience what they need to personally do. They can also improve their talents, and enter the company they'd like to be employed in if they do their best and expand. Their excellent talents even. In another word, a good part time job is a kind of paths to get a good job in the future. Every kind of part time jobs will make the employed learned. A restaurant waitress or waiter will learn how to serve customers and solve the complaint of customers. A baby sitter will be able to appease babies and know how to take after them. They can learn some talents and the way to control their emotion. Otherwise, doing part time jobs will build the sense of responsibility to these students, and discover the other interests and talents. No matter what kind of part time jobs, after the part time job, the college students will attain a lot of experiences to full of their life and their resume.


In my opinion, I'm strongly agree that the part time job is important for college students. First, college students have more free time than other students, such as senior high school students and junior high school students. I think that we should make good use of time when we are free or weekends. Second, I don't plan to continue studying after I graduate. I want to work after I graduate so I should search some part time job to promote my social experience and learn more things that we can't learn from school. Besides, I made a lot of friends from kinds of regions in my part time job period and became more bravery and mature. I usually enjoy my job. By part time job enhancing my relationship. Finally, I'm responsible for my tuition fee and entertainment fee. I' think we are able to make a few money by ourselves. Do part time job can also release parents' pressure of economy. In summer vacation, more college students search part time job. However, we have to watch out some illegal company. Be careful ourselves when we search part time job. Most importantly, don't casually give your personal information to people that we just meet him. Though, part time job can't make a lot of money, I get more something good from work. I always hold positive attitude to my every part time job and enjoying it very much. So I agree this topic completely.


In my opinion, it is important for college student to have apart time job. For college students, they should learn both the knowledge in the class and lesson in the life. Most college students are already an adult. If an adult still can't earn the money to support his or her life, it would be difficult for him or her to fit in the society. For college students, they should have enough ability to support their life and they have to take the responsibility for their own life. When they want to buy something new, they should try to get the things by their own effort, rather than make a phone call to their parents and say: "Hello! Dad, Mom, I want to buy some clothes and can you give me the money? " Some say that if college students have part time job, the job will occupy the study time; other say that the high salary will also make students earn the money rather than go to school. However, as what I mentioned before, knowledge in the class and lesson in the life are even important, and college student should take the responsibility for their own life. If a student makes a bad score in the school, he should realize that maybe he should give up his job and concentrate on studying; and that is also a kind of lesson. Part time job is important but not necessary for every college students. However, what make part time job important is not the job's salary but what can you learn from the job: how to have conversation with the costumer, how to do your job more efficiently, or how to deal with the sudden happened situation. In short, a part time job is important for college student because you'll have the experiment helping you in the future.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. To have a part time job not only can make college life more colorful but also help ourselves when we find jobs in future. Besides to join activities and clubs hold by college to cultivate our interest positively, finding a part time job is also a good way to make friends. Whether being a waiter or waitress in the restaurant or being a tutor to teach little students. Both of them can let us know new friends in different field and increase our social experience. Of course, the biggest advantage is that we can earn money after our hard work. And storing money we can buy what we want, and even go aboard! Though many college students don't have economic problems, I consider that if a college student, who never has a work experience, will be consider being a little strawberry. As if many adults usually think we are unable to stand any difficult things when challenge come! Moreover, because some parents are too spoiled there children and give them too much money to buy luxury item, leading these children don't know that earning money is not easy. In short, to prove we are not strawberries and being like an independent adult, finding a part time job is very important.


I totally agree this statement. Because each college student had accepted his parents' fund and supply for20 years at least, he should become economic independent since he entered college life even though the son or the daughter of Bill Gate. By doing part time job, the student also learns how to act with people, it means part time job makes students become braver in front of the strangers and maybe learn the soul of service. This is a great pre job practice and as well as helps the development of the society. If a college student doesn't have a part time job, he may be accustomed to depending on his parents or others. Or we can say, he needs to take money from his parents so maybe he can focus on his study and get great marks, but indeed he just practice the school skill only, and until the moment of graduation he doesn't realize the really life outside the college. No matter how excellent his marks are, he just wastes an opportunity to learn more in the college life. But I have to remind that being a college student at all; he can not put too much time on part time job than the time for study anyway. If a college student does so, he must effects his study at college his responsibility. And it not an appropriate behavior for a student and may also harm his parents' hearts. In short, a college student should try to have a part time job but not to allow the time exceeds the time for study.


I agree that college students should experience more than one part time jobs. While looking for a job, companies always care about if he or she had had working experiences. If one had never worked, he might not know about the difficulties in surviving in this society. He may think everything perfectly, but it is not exactly like that. Employers may think that if they employ the freshman who had had no experiences, he may be disappointed when he faces the difficulties or quit the job because he can not go through the problem. However, if he had had some experiences in working, he may know about the hard of works. In my opinion, a college student should have a part time job for three reasons. First, it can increase his working experiences. Second, he does know how to distribute his time appropriately in working and study. Last but not the least, he figures out exactly the hard at earning money. So that he will not waste his money, even though he didn't earn money by himself but get the money from his parents. For the above three reasons, I think it would be better to have a part time job since you are a student.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job and there are some reasons and one example. I ever had just stayed home and did nothing but playing online games and sleeping on summer vacation of my second grade. I made a perfect schedule to enrich my summer time like studying English three days a week, going jogging, learning cooking with my mother and so on...... At first, I was very work hard to achieve every goal I ruled and made up the delay activities conscientiously and carefully. However, I became lazier and lose interest about it and gave up all the goals and indulged myself in online games. In the end, I had no gains but body weight. There are many reasons for this concept. First, part time job can make students more independent when they can gain money by themselves not by their parents. Second, they can learn how to deal with the other different people and work. Third, they can be more confident of getting job because it is an honor to themselves. Fourth, they always have a lot of vacation on their studying period so they can use the spare time to do and learn more things they don't do and learn in the class. Last but not least, they maybe will encounter the very important person who will change their life and make them grow. So, why don't college students have a part time job?


The answer to this question actually depends on people. Some people think college student should get the part time job, while the other thinks those college students don't need to do the part time job. As for me, I partially agree with the former idea. Because now most employers care about employees' work ability rather than their educational background. First of all, in the college, the professor usually taught student theory that on the text book, but this knowledge sometimes can't apply to practical thing. For example, text book couldn't teach you how to cope with client. Some part time job experience will help you to deal with these things. In addition, doing part time job can let us know that earning money is not easy thing. Then next time we want to buy some luxury things, we can think twice, think this thing is worth to buy it or not. Because we know money is hard to get, we will spend money carefully. Last but not least, doing the part time job can broaden our mind and get into the society early. And we can learn how to handle things that happen unexpectedly. In this way, after we graduated from school and find a job, we can deal with problem properly. In conclusion, whether doing part time job is important to college student or not is a complex question, requiring subjective judgment; consequently, there are no easy or certain answers. As for me, I partially agree that it is important for college student to have a part time job.


As a college student, you could work part time job after finish class, part time fob can earn wages and this wages you spend your time and vigor, all about wages is made by yourself, so do some part time jobs are the necessary thing in the university life. In the long vacation and weekend, more college students find the part tome job, part time job can earn money and learn some about how to service customer. For example, if you service more people, you would have more experiences, and then if you find other job, experience is your important advantage to promote yourself. This experience is not teacher teaching that you can learn. And on the other way, part time job is a way to steel yourself, all things you need to arrange, like which time you can work, if you will exam, you should go to work? Your wage how you use, save or buy what you want? You must be made the best way to arrange there problem. However, no matter what, students shouldn't be affected the school work by the part time job. Also, it should never be allowed that students work at some illegal works. Find the legitimate work is the more important that you must do.


In these times, there are a large part of college students who have a part time job. However, as one of my university classmates, he had tried his best to do well both on grades and his job. But he lost; he quitted learning and left school at the second symmetry. From the aspect, I would say if you want to have a part time job, paying more attention on your studies. Make sure you can control both sides. On the other hand, having a part time job could enhance social techniques, such as communicating with others and how to get boss's goals. Having such experiences may give you more chances to get a job in the future when completing with others having no job experiences. Having a job means having salary. Thus, you can have all control on this money. Maybe it can be stored in the bank or be your tuition fee. However, most people just spend what they earn, and some even spend over what they have. So you must have a great idea of using money. In sum, do you want to get a part time job during study? Can you promise that you can take care of yours school works? Do you have any idea for dealing with the money you earn? If your answers to the above questions are "Yes". Okay! Just go.


Nobody would think that money is not important. Especially for students, how sweet the first time making money by himself or herself. Some students have to making money to afford everything he or she needed. This kind of students has no choice, their parents asked they to make their own money that they must find a part time job. Except these students, most of students make money for themselves. I think that finding a part time job to students is good experience to help them learning more skill or knowledge what they couldn't get from university or college. But I think not every kind of job is suitable to students. Some sort of job would not be a helpful working experience. So if students do not have to worry about money, I think find a job that related with major would be a more useful experience. Even thought I support the viewpoint that student could find a part time job, studying still would be students' main job. However, studying is the real job for students. Not only learning more skill or knowledge is the reason I support, but learning how to handle students' own money is important too. To know how to make money be more useful could let people be rich. Therefore, I think that it's important for students to get a part time job.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. To be a student, we usually want to go out with friend, buy something we want, eat a lot of delicious food, etc. But we don't have enough money, so if you want to get this these things, go to get a part time job and you can earn some money to buy things you want. Students can learn something they can not touch in school, boss doesn't have to teach you everything, they don't have to answer every question to you, if you want to finish your work, and you have to learn by yourself, to ask others, search on net. I have been taking part time job for five years, it makes me knowing that studying is happy, not hard, and I can afford from my family. I work in department store now. I know a lot of people and I do not afraid to face with stranger, I can talk with them easily, even with foreigners. Sometimes I introduction Pineapple Pies to foreigners, it is fun, it is a good experience. When the semester begins, I work in holidays, when the summer vacation or winter vacation come, I work for long hours to make more money. Part time job make my life different and think more. I like it and more and more classmates of mine start to find part time job to make more money.


Generally speaking, it's a high developed society that students all over the world are increasing their competitions every day. Therefore I suggest that college students who have a part time job is one of the ability to strengthen themselves. First, students who have a part time job can learn much more things than they've learn from college professors. Take cram school teacher as an example, they'll realized how difficult a teacher be or how many preparing works that a teacher should do. It's very hard to imagine how things have been done if we never be part of it. Second, by taking a part time job during the student life is a good way to know and enhance themselves to be a better person. They might face different situations that they never thought before in the classroom. Moreover, some of the part time jobs for students requires face to face toward thousands of customers. The more people you contact with the more you'll feel how small and special you are. Final and the most important one is that students who have a part time job can make lots of friends. Quan si relationship is one of the most important networks for people to become richer or powerful. People you meet might become a millionaire in the next day or she might be president's daughter. Anyhow, friends can always help you whenever you need help.


Many students at my age want a part time job to make more money. They not only want to buy more beautiful tings but also want to be mature; however, take a pare time job at my age is very dangerous, you could be deceived or work so much but get a little money. For me, I had a part time job just seven days ago. It was a terrible experience because my boss asked us go far away to business stores, you probably be rejected. I am not good at sociability, so I quite the job seven days later. I got five thousand dollars and I felt satisfied. This is not my first part time job. My first part time job was at a cram school, also not a simple place, since I was a junior high school student. As a student, I could only help answer the telephone and do odds and ends. I was not a patient person, so I quite, I only worked three weeks. I want to try something new. I stopped finding part time jobs and went to Taipei, I bought many things I love angd had a lot of fun with my best friend. It became a good memory for me except locked the door and working and working. Although I had to pay for my buying, I used my scholarship but not my mother or money from part time job. I don't agree with having a part time job. Believe me or not, the most fortunate is that I am a student! I don't have any pressure to think about working, I can do only study and practice. I have much free time to do what I want to do. At last, I want to say, don't get any part time job and do anything you like as much as possible! When you have really enough ability, just find a job for your old age!


During the summer following graduation in high school, students are searching for a way to equip themselves to be a diverse college student. As for me, I applied a foreign part time job in the US to realize my dream of traveling abroad. I worked at the Yellow Stone National Park as a waiter in a hotel. Of course, this kind of hard job is far from a comfortable trip. However, I enjoyed it a lot. My job was to clean up the rooms and the wooden house outside where the sun shine burned like a fireplace all day. What's worse, the cars in the wooden house we used to carry things are much heavier than those provided in the hotel. All of my partners prayed every morning for not being assigned to word there. It was me that asked my boss to make me work in the wooden house. I can't stand seeing the upset faces of whoever had to work there. My boss was astonished of this. She said, "A Taiwanese girl? Aren't worried about getting dark skin?" I said, "No, I love sunshine. " So that was it. On the first day I worked there, I got failed to pull that heavy car and got hurt by it. Fortunately, my friends helped me to see a doctor, and my boss paid all the money. The experience of having a part time job added warm and hard working attitude in my personality which is unavailable in textbooks. I think a part time job is important for college student as a way to build good habits in life but not a way for earning money.


When I graduated from the senior high school called Ching mei girls' high school, I got the first part time job from the classmate in the university. The part time job was that I had to check the student list and sometimes I must record the class in order to some absent students could watch this video tape to catch up with other students in the cram school. Although that part time job is extremely boring and low salary, I still had made many friends and been sure to be a kind and patient teacher in the future. Therefore, I have started to be a tutor to teach junior high school students Chinese Literature for six years. I have taught fifty students these days, and the oldest students are just being graduates in NTNU this year! I am really proud of them. I always believe that teaching is not only students are learning but also teachers are, too. Because of teaching, I even acknowledge that how deep the parents' love is! However, I often felt much depressed that students had no ambition about learning and just wanted to idle around all day. In spite of encouraging them, what should I do?


What would college students do during long summer vacation? Some students stay at home watching TV shows and playing on line games around the clock. Others go to cram school for reinforcement of their schoolwork. The others take part time jobs. Some people might think that students who take part time job suffering from materialization. However, I think that taking part time job can not only broaden our personal relationships but also let us get more society experience. In my college, there are even a lot of projects that we can take part time jobs in some famous company, such as TSMC and UMC. Students can learn some useful techniques and know more about what they might do and get if they want to work in those company. Moreover, by taking part time job, students earn their own money and learn to manage it by theirselves. Besides, they might cherish it because they get it by theirselves. I think that it's more effective to have good notions of money by actual experience than learning on textbooks. Although taking part time job is a good way of learning a lot of experiences and there are truly a lot of goodness. We should know the drawbacks of taking part time job at the same time. As a college student, learning is still our main work. We still have to use a lot of time on learning. After all, our future work depends mainly on what we learn at college. Having a good balance between part time job and schoolwork is very vital for all of us.


I don't think that have a part time job is important to college students. First, not all of the family can't afford a college student's expense. It is a fact that though poor people are everywhere, the rich is still have a large amount. Therefore, the student whose family can give he or she a unworried life, he or she have choices. They can choose to get a part time job to earn experience or just focus on their school. Second, have a part time job means that you have to sacrifice your time to do other things which you may be more interesting. Because we are students, we only have time to work at night or on holiday. However, just because we are students, we are still young, we are energetic! I can still remember when I was a freshman; everything in college is fresh to me! Every night I always want to go out with my friends. I want to play; I want to discover something that I never experience before! Somehow, there are still many people that are not like me. They prefer work hard on their studies. Above are the reasons that I thought that not every college student need to have a part time job!


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. College students can get experiences, money, and be independent. The most important thing is experiences. When college students do a part time job, they can learn something from anybody and anything. These experiences will be helpful to their ability of think. When they graduate from colleges and find formal jobs to do, they can avoid making mistakes. Money, I guess that many college students have part time jobs because they need money or more money. They may go shopping with friends, eat food, take a trip, go to the concert and do something they want to do. It is not bad to do a part time job because of money. But some students are crazy for playing. The crazier their playing, the more money they need. They will not pick the jobs. They probably sale their bodies especially the female students. What a bad concept. I agree that college students have part time jobs because they need experiences and money. But I disagree college students need part time jobs because they focus on something bad so crazy that they need more money. They can't get lost again and again and even make their family worried.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Before my first part time job, I thought that part time jobs do not play so critical roles in my college life. I supposed that students should concentrate on their study, so a part time job would make me lose focus on the study. Besides, I heard plenty of examples about how part time jobs make students abundant their study. Therefore, I had considered that a part time job is not so important for college students. Now, however, I absolutely changed this expression, after having my part time job, because I obtained a lot of things from it, not only money, but also some practical experiences, such as how to communicate with customers or other people, how to introduce products and other work skill which I can't learn in college class. Otherwise, by my part time job I also found what I was lack of, so I could know how to improve myself, and realized what I'm really interested in, by which I know what kind of job I should find in the future. Doing a real work is one thing and talking a work in class is totally other thing. A part time job could let college students understand the real situation of work, find their lack in work, and learn new skill and experiences, so they would know how they could do for the future. Therefore, it is important for college students to have a part time job.


When I see this topic, first idea show up in my mind is that I disagree this statement. Nowadays, more and more college students get part time job when they in school. Although college students have a part time job is not bad. However, they need ability to get balance in the job and learning. They can get more experience and money from job, they can buy something they want, they also can build a good relationship in the work places, but having a part time job is so time costing, seldom of them can get a high grade in the final test. For example, my classmate in senior high school has a part time job, since he spending more time in the job, he didn't study hard as before, his grade was getting bad. He asked me how to do and I just suggest him to give up the job. If he could not do it, he has no choice. To get balance in the job and learning, he did his best to get balance in the job and learning, but as time as he did, he started feeling so tired then he given up the job end up. After this event, his experience tells me that college students take care of their study in this time period is more important than get a part time job.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Learning cannot be only at school, students nowadays need more experience in society. Part time job is a good way for students to absorb the experience. It provides them the knowledge that cannot learn from textbook and some money that they can make their ends meet. Part time provide a method that students can be productive and know how society works. And it is a way for students to use their free time, get away from the Internet, pub or doing nothing at home. But there is an important point to know: part time job will never be more important than school. It is the only rule that I think every student who has part time job should keep it in mind. The very work students should do is studying hard, absorb the knowledge from books and make it useful. College is the last level that you can learn things without pressure, you should cherish. If you think that working can learn more than school, why do you still at school? Why don't you leave school and get a normal job? Studying at school and learning from working are both important. Maybe school cannot teach you how to work better but it can teach you how to be a person. That is the main reason you stay at school.


As a college student, we have more time which we can totally handle on our own than before. It is maybe the first time they live without their parent and have the own power of their own life. Some may want to get a part time job to earn more money for luxury items or something else they want. To my perspective, it is great to get more life experience through the job. What's more. If students have their career experience when they are still young, they will be more skillful for the future time. And they will know how hard it is to earn life; it will be time to appreciate what they get from their parents. To the perspective of a corporation, they will get a more mature staff compared to who do not have any work experience. People who love work and strive during the working time will be fine. But for students, learning is what they should put on the first priority. If they just work all the time and abandon their study, it is like put the cart before the horse. No enterprise will hire a college student who did not finish his education. Students can only have a part time job when they have free time.


When it comes to the importance for college students to have a part time job, no one can deny that having some work experiences is good for our future. As a matter of that having work experiences before graduation is benefits for many aspect, including of learning, broad horizon and the plan for future. As far as I concerned, the main reason why I agree students should have a part time job can be summarized as following points. First of all, in most of western world, parents usually let their children be independence by earning themselves. However, most of students in Taiwan still rely on their parents in daily life. I think that having a part time job can let children learn independence without their parents. In the second place, the tired and difficultness of parents is easily to be ignored. Having a part time job is a good chance to let child learn the importance of money. The will make allowance in good use, thinking twice before spend. Last but most importance is that students can learn how to interact with others from having part time jobs. The process when they work can be a experience and good lesson in their future life. According the reasons I have mentioned above, I agree that having a part time job is importance for students' colleges.


Is part time job good or bad for college students? I think that is decided by the way how students think about part time job. If someone thinks part time job can bring a lot of experiences, he (or her) may be hard in working to get experiences that are important for him. However, if someone who just wants to earn the money and thinks the part time job just the tool to make money, he will never take a serious thought for the job. Therefore, he spends a lot of time that can be used in studying to do the job, but he didn't get the most important present of the part time job. From this sight, it isn't important for college students to have a part time job, because studying is the first work for students. But from other sight, if students can get good experiences from the part time job, it may be important for college students to have a part time job. From I entered the university I have the part time job twice a week. I teach junior high school students and learn from them by trying to understand what the students think about and what they need. I think part time job is very important for me to learn the experiences.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job? It is necessary for me. There are two points support my thought: First, if I have a part time job during my university life, I will acquire more experience than other students who doesn't have jobs. Second, having a part time job is an efficient way to make lots of friends and expand our sights. Sitting in classrooms to study books vary far from working outdoors or in an office. To my appointment, it is no challenging to contact with books every day because they are non living. That is to say, they can't talk to you, argue with you, and even reject you. But people are different. They will blame you or let you very embarrassed in front of everybody. So, to avoid such as conditions occur, we ought to accumulate our working experience in teenagers. But, I not only do not pay attention to my school work, but also regard my school work as a foundation. Because, having enough knowledge from textbooks is a basic of success. Although my parents don't want me to earn money now, I still desire to acquire some working experience to prepare my future. Regardless of I longed to attain experience at the moment, I will still do my best at my education to full of knowledge.


It is important for college students to have a part time job? There are a lot of college students have a part time job in Taiwan. The reasons for that they have a part time job are money or learning social skills. The cost of studying in university is expensive, many student have to work for living or buying books. Some students have to load house when they have not living in school. Some students like buying clothes and making up. As a college student have to spend much money, because that is a state for going to society. College student have a part time job is good, they can learn some skills and solving problem's ways. Some students had a part time job in department store as a sells. When they graduated from school they got a job easier than other students, they didn't spend much time for understand the work. Many bosses had a work when they are student. They used the knowledge studying from books on work. They are well doing in company and many fields That is why it important for college students to have a part time job. If it can't affect school scores, every student should have a part time job.


I think that I've agree the part time job is important to college student, if you ask the other's people, I think you will get the same answer, too. Why do I have this conclusion? Let me explain why I have the idea. First, college student to do the part time job can learn something that can't learn in the school, likes specialty skills, social skills. In the society, you can't do the wrong as you can; you should be avoid the mistake when you're working. In the school, teacher or classmates can be endure your mistake, and give you some tips or suggestion. Second, it's not that everybody be rich, somebody does the part time job that is earning more money to lighten the parents burden, but if you're rich, you maybe not to be frugal because you don't know how making economical is very important. So doing a part time job can let you to know burden is being in need. Third, doing a part time job is useful to your job in future, in the modern society, experience is very important, if you don't have any experience, I think you wii be a hard way to find a job. Fourth, you can meet the different people in your part time store, it's develop your personal networks opportunity, I think it's very useful. Four points of the above, it's my point as issue, and it can hold my inference faultless.


As a college student, I'm agree with we should have a part time job when we are in college. Because we can have more pocket money and we can contact a different life. First, many college student don't know what should they be or what they want to be in the future. I think a college student should try to do various kinds of job, maybe they can find what is he/she's talent, and early to prepare be a member of society. Second, we learn many thing in college, for example, we learn the professional knowledge from the major classes, join the music band can learn the team work, and learn how to love. Furthermore, having a part time job can learn more and substantial the college life. We can be independent, be responsibility, and to accumulate the experience. All of them are useful in our future. The least, the social skill is very important when we are in the workplace. How to make a friend and learn how to do with the boss is a lesson in the future, and if you have a good social skill, you will have more chance to get success. The college life has the four years long, you are impossible to study everyday. Most students have a part time job in the free time, and its help them to have a direction and to see the world.


I guess that most of people are all think that is important for college student to have a part tine job. Not only most of people think but also I consider it is good for college students. I really believe that to have a part time job is good for college student while they are studying. Although the most important thing for the college students is learning well and studying well, but we can not deny that to have a part time can learn something that can not learn form the books or from the classes. If someone only concentrated on the study in the school, he or she may miss some special thing in their student life. To have a part time job may broaden one's vision, and it may make college students have more opportunity to meet variety of person from other place. It can make college students to develop sense of responsibility, and To take up a part time job not only can make extra money but also can learn some special thing. They can choice the job type they have interest in or they want to learn, and join the small team to learn how to get along with co worker or how to work with team worker. The college students can make goods use of part time job experience when they graduated and enter the work place. All above is the reason why I think it is important for college to have a part time job.


To some extent, I would agree that part time job for student is good. The issue of student doing paid work is a complex and a sensitive one. It is difficult to say who has right to judge whether student working is "wrong" or "valuable". Even after receiving a few scholarships, loans, etc. student still needed to come up with the cash to pay for housing, phone bills, and so on. So some students spend a lot of time doing some part time jobs. For example, I got a part time job in my school's office as well. I've learn a lot that different from school. Then, I feel pleasure because I get those fantastic experiences! The working process was definitely not easy, but it was also a happy memory! For student, doing part time job can make them learn some experiences they can't learn from school, and the difficulty of earning money. However, wasting too much times doing part time job shouldn't be courged, it is putting the cart before the horse. The main spirit of being student still learn some knowledge in school, or you don't have to be student and pay some money to do that. Whether doing part job or not, students, especially in college, should play a great role in life!!


Nowadays, there are many college students in Taiwan have part time jobs. Why do so many students want to have a job and what kind of jobs do they work? Do they want to earn money or to have some special experience? I don't have any part time jobs, but I want to find one. In my opinion I think if I have a part time job, there is something I would get. First, I can earn money to afford my schooling and my daily expense. Second, through working, I can learn something that would not learn in school such as facing the customers and your boss. At last, I think part time job just like a small society, everything would happen. In my daily life, some classmates of mine also have part tome jobs. Some of them work in cram schools and the others work in restaurants. These jobs are most working students have. Some students also go to abroad such as New Zealand, USA, and England. They work in hotels or farms. I think that also special part time jobs. Not only earn money but also improve language speaking. There are so many jobs can students have, just find one in your learning age. But everything has to be careful.


In the recent years, having a part time job for a college student is nothing but normal, more and more college students choose to have a part time job which is relative to their interest. Why is it? It's because there are a lot of benefits to have a part time job. First of all, having a part time job makes you learn more social experiences and skills, such as how to bargain with the customer, and how to sell efficiently. Besides, having a part time job can help you have more responsibility, which is very important for a teenager who is going to become an adult. Second, you will know some people while doing part time job, he/she probably is younger than you or older, no matter what, and it can improve your interpersonal relationship. If you are lucky, maybe you will meet a close friend, or the chosen one. Third, having a part time job represents that you will have some income, you can buy whatever you want with the money earned by yourself. It's always happier to spend the money exchanged by sweat. In short, having a part time job is going to make your life in school more different, it helps you become more confident and learn a lot!


Is it important for college students to have a part time job? Yes, it is very important thing for college students. Why do I say that ? Because the students working hard to earn more money before they realize their parents for their hard work over and over again. Although the part time job will reduce the time to learn lessons, but why do I agree with students working. Because the students working hard to earn more money and then learned that the hard work of parents, try to cut unnecessary spending to reduce the burden of parents. Not only in the working period can make many new friends to also improve interpersonal relations, but also can become a broad view of self, but also learn a responsible attitude and understanding of the importance of division of labor, as a gregarious person. Take myself as an example, I had been to restaurant waiter, but also because of this I can appreciate the staff's hard work, and in the working period I also learned how to deal with customers, how to meet with colleagues and how to get along with the ephors and so for. There are many other skills, which are not be teacher in school. Therefore, I think college students working experience of life is an important part.


About college students to have a part time job. I think that there is no absolute answer. I agree with the students working but would like to know how to protect themselves. Advantages and disadvantages of working with college students. If you can earn money, you can buy things you need, pay your bills, have a place to live, and basically do things you want to do. On the contrary, because of the expense of students working part, this is not right. It is undeniable that the risk of part time too many hidden. For example, employees do not have insurance, out of the accident are not guaranteed. Second, the wage trap and more inexperienced people are easily deceived. The most important hope that students have their own wage judgment. Finally, I agree with the reasons students are working. They are being responsible and making sure that you can take care of yourself and they are creating a solid foundation that you can build on to have a successful future, too. All in all, workers must tell our parents or friends to go with experience. Safety first, self protection and self judgment of good and bad things to ensure their own safety. This is a very good report statistical information on the report should be our reference.


